THE

STATUTES

OF

THE UNITED KINGDOM

OF

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND,

2 & 3 WILLIAM IV. 1832.

LONDON:

Printed by His Majesty's Printers;

1832.

(Price £1 4s. 6d. in Boards.)

A

TABLE

Containing the TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

Passed in the SECOND Session of the TENTH Parliament

OF

The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland;

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

1. AN Act for uniting the Office of the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Works and Public Buildings with the Office of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues; and for other Purposes relating to the Land Revenues. Page 1

2. An Act to provide for the taking in and Payment of outstanding Lottery Tickets. 12

3. An Act to authorize the Application of Part of the Land Revenue of the Crown for the Completion of the Repair and Improvement of Buckingham Palace. 13

4. An Act for more effectually preventing Embezzlements by Persons employed in the Public Service of His Majesty. 16

5. An Act to provide for carrying on the Business of the Court of Session in Scotland when interrupted by the Death or necessary Absence of any of the Judges thereof. 18

6. An Act to apply certain Sums to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two. Ibid.

7. An Act for the Relief of His Majesty's Subjects in Ireland being Protestants of the Established Church, and to repeal an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to remove some Doubts respecting Persons in Office taking the Sacramental Test. 19

8. An Act for continuing to His Majesty for One Year certain Duties on Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two. 20

9. An Act to amend Two Acts passed in the Fifty-eighth and Fifty-ninth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for establishing Fever Hospitals and for preventing contagious Diseases in Ireland. 23

10. An Act for the Prevention, as far as may be possible, of the Disease called the Cholera, or Spasmodic or Indian Cholera, in England. Page 28

11. An Act for the Prevention, as far as may be possible, of the Disease called the Cholera, or Spasmodic or Indian Cholera, in Scotland. 31

12. An Act for raising the Sum of Twelve Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two. 33

13. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, as provides for the applotting and levying of Presentments off the Baronies of Saint Sepulchres and Donore in a Manner different from that provided for the other Baronies of the County of Dublin. Ibid.

14. An Act to authorize the Payment out of the Consolidated Fund of a Sum of Money towards the Erection of certain Revenue Buildings at Liverpool. 35

15. An Act to enable His Majesty's Postmaster General to extend the Accommodation by Post, and to regulate the Privilege of Franking, in Ireland; and for other Purposes relating to the Post Office. 36

16. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws regulating the granting and issuing of Permits for the Removal of Goods under the Laws of Excise. 48

17. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Seventh Year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend the Law of Ireland respecting the Assignment and Subletting of Lands and Tenements; and to substitute other Provisions in lieu thereof. 56

18. An Act for continuing an Act passed in the First Year of His present Majesty, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. 61

19. An Act for continuing an Act passed in the First Year of His present Majesty, for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore. 62

20. An Act to provide for the Sale, Manufacture, and Consumption of Tobacco grown in Ireland before the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two. 63

21. An Act to repeal several Acts of the Parliament of Ireland imposing Restrictions upon the Coal Trade, and to regulate the same. 66

22. An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two. 69

23. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore. Ibid.

24. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes respectively until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three; to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three; and to allow Persons to make and file such Affidavits, although the Persons whom they served shall have neglected to take out their Annual Certificates. Page 73

25. An Act to extend and render more effectual Two Acts of the First and Second and Third Years of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, respecting the Estates thereby vested in the principal Officers of the Ordnance, and to facilitate the public Business in the Ordnance Department. 74

26. An Act to authorize the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts of Great Britain to examine and audit Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of Colonial Revenues. 80

27. An Act for altering and amending an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, for the Prevention, as far as may be possible, of the Disease called the Cholera, or Spasmodic or Indian Cholera, in Scotland. 82

28. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. 86

29. An Act to reduce the Allowance on Spirits made from Malt only in Scotland and Ireland. 90

30. An Act to apply the Sum of Three Millions, out of the Consolidated Fund, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two. 95

31. An Act to regulate the Baking Trade in Ireland. Ibid.

32. An Act for the Erection of a Nisi Prius Court House in Dublin. 97

33. An Act to effectuate the Service of Process issuing from the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer in England and Ireland respectively. 99

34. An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws against Offences relating to the Coin. 100

35. An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Fifty-fourth Year of King George the Third, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland. 111

36. An Act to allow the Importation of Lumber, and of Fish and Provisions, Duty-free, into the Islands of Barbadoes, Saint Vincent, and Saint Lucia; and to indemnify the Governors and others of those Islands for having permitted the Importation of those Articles Duty-free. Ibid.

37. An Act to amend an Act of the Tenth Year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, by extending the Time within which pre-existing Societies must conform to the Provisions of that Act. 112

38. An Act to continue for One Year, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Acts for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland. 114

39. An Act for Uniformity of Process in Personal Actions in His Majesty's Courts of Law at Westminster. 115

40. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Business of the Civil Departments of the Navy, and to make other Regulations for more effectually carrying on the Duties of the said Departments. Page 125

41. An Act to facilitate the Recovery of Tithes in certain Cases in Ireland, and for Relief of the Clergy of the Established Church. 143

42. An Act to authorize (in Parishes inclosed under any Act of Parliament) the letting of the Poor Allotments in small Portions to industrious Cottagers. 150

43. An Act to continue until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six an Act of the Ninth Year of His late Majesty, for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in India. 152

44. An Act to continue for Three Years, and to amend, the Laws for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England. Ibid.

45. An Act to amend the Representation of the People in England and Wales. 154

46. An Act to enable His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to appoint a Trustee of the British Museum. 207

47. An Act for holding the Assizes for the County of Norfolk, and for the City of Norwich and County of the same City, Twice in every Year at Norwich. 208

48. An Act to regulate the Office of Clerk of the Crown in the Court of King's Bench in Ireland. 209

49. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the Fifty-seventh Year of His Majesty King George the Third, for regulating the Offices of Clerks of the Signet and Privy Seal. 223

50. An Act to suspend until the End of the next Session of Parliament the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom. 224

51. An Act to regulate the Practice and the Fees in the Vice Admiralty Courts Abroad, and to obviate Doubts as to their Jurisdiction. 225

52. An Act to promote the Improvement of a District of Mountain Land in the Counties of Limerick, Cork, and Kerry, in Ireland, by making new Roads through the same, and to encourage the Employment of the poor Inhabitants thereof. 227

53. An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws relating to the Payment of Army Prize Money. 236

54. An Act for making Provision for the Dispatch of the Business now done by the Court of Exchequer in Scotland. 259

55. An Act to apply the Sum of Four Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two. 262

56. An Act to extend the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners acting in the Execution of Three Acts for paving and regulating the Regents Park, and several Streets and Places in Westminster, to certain other Streets and Places in Westminster; and for other Purposes. Ibid.

57. An Act to continue and extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fifty-ninth Year of His Majesty King George the Third, for giving additional Facilities in Applications to Courts of Equity regarding the Management of Estates or Funds belonging to Charities; and for making certain Provisions respecting Estates or Funds belonging to Charities. Page 282

58. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for altering and amending the Law regarding Commitments by Courts of Equity for Contempts, and the taking Bills pro Confesso; and to explain certain Parts thereof. 285

59. An Act to transfer the Management of certain Annuities on Lives from the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer to the Management of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; and to amend an Act for enabling the said Commissioners to grant Life Annuities and Annuities for Terms of Years. 286

60. An Act for holding the Assizes for the King's County in Ireland, Twice in every Year, at Tullamoore, instead of Philips-town. 295

61. An Act to render more effectual an Act passed in the Fifty-ninth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament for building and promoting the building of additional Churches in populous Parishes. 296

62. An Act for abolishing the Punishment of Death in certain Cases, and substituting a lesser Punishment in lieu thereof. 297

63. An Act to enable Peers of Scotland to take and subscribe in Ireland the Oaths required for qualifying them to vote in any Election of the Peers of Scotland. 298

64. An Act to settle and describe the Divisions of Counties, and the Limits of Cities and Boroughs, in England and Wales, in so far as respects the Election of Members to serve in Parliament. 300

65. An Act to amend the Representation of the People in Scotland. 383

66. An Act to provide for the Conveyance of Premises, the Property of the Crown, situate between the Tower of London and London Bridge. 435

67. An Act to amend an Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, relating to the Union of Parishes in Ireland. 438

68. An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Trespasses upon Property by Persons in pursuit of Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland. 439

69. An Act to prevent the Application of Corporate Property to the Purposes of Election of Members to serve in Parliament. 444

70. An Act to continue for One Year, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, several Acts relating to the Importation and keeping of Arms and Gunpowder in Ireland. 446

71. An Act for shortening the Time of Prescription in certain Cases. 447

72. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, relative to Remedies against the Hundred. 449

73. An Act to amend Two Acts, of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, and in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the uniform Valuation of Lands and Tenements in the several Baronies, Parishes, and other Divisions of Counties in Ireland. Page 450

74. An Act to permit the Distillation of Spirits from Mangel Wurzel. 453

75. An Act for regulating Schools of Anatomy. 454

76. An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; and to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Serjeant Majors of the Militia, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three. 459

77. An Act for the better Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures of Ireland. 461

78. An Act to continue certain Acts relating to the Island of Newfoundland, and to provide for the Appropriation of all Duties which may hereafter be raised within the said Island. 473

79. An Act to continue, until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four, an Act of the Fifth Year of His late Majesty relating to the Fisheries in Newfoundland. 475

80. An Act to authorize the identifying of Lands and other Possessions of certain Ecclesiastical and Collegiate Corporations. Ibid.

81. An Act to enable His Majesty to carry into effect a Convention made between His said Majesty and the Emperor of all the Russias. 478

82. An Act to reduce the Duties now payable in certain Cases on Carriages with less than Four Wheels. 481

83. An Act to authorize for One Year the Removal of Prisoners from the several Gaols in Ireland, in Cases of epidemic Diseases. 484

84. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Customs. 485

85. An Act to make a better Provision for the Superintendence of Charitable Institutions in Ireland maintained in the whole or in part by Grand Jury Presentments; and for the more effectual Audit of the Accounts of the same. 507

86. An Act to amend an Act of the Forty-fifth Year of His Majesty King George the Third, relating to Post Roads in Ireland. 508

87. An Act to regulate the Office for registering Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills in Ireland. 510

88. An Act to amend the Representation of the People of Ireland. 529

89. An Act to settle and describe the Limits of Cities, Towns, and Boroughs in Ireland, in so far as respects the Election of Members to serve in Parliament. 554

90. An Act to authorize the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to grant Compensation to the Inspectors and Coal Meters of the City of Dublin, and to impose a Rate upon Coals imported into the Port of Dublin to provide a Fund for such Compensation. Page 571

91. An Act to explain Doubts that have arisen respecting the Stamp Duty payable by Freemen of Corporations entitled by virtue of Trade and Residence in the Corporate Towns and Counties of Cities and Towns in Ireland. 574

92. An Act for transferring the Powers of the High Court of Delegates, both in Ecclesiastical and Maritime Causes, to His Majesty in Council. 575

93. An Act for enforcing the Process upon Contempts in the Courts Ecclesiastical of England and Ireland. 578

94. An Act for raising the Sum of Thirteen millions eight hundred and ninety-six thousand six hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two. 584

95. An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three, certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two. Ibid.

96. An Act for the better Employment of Labourers in Agricultural Parishes until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four. Ibid.

97. An Act to repeal several Acts for enabling the Wives and Families of Soldiers, and the Widows and Families of deceased Soldiers, to return to their Homes. 586

98. An Act for regulating the protesting for Nonpayment of Bills of Exchange drawn payable at a Place not being the Place of the Residence of the Drawee or Drawees of the same. 587

99. An Act for transferring the Powers and Duties of the Commissioners of Public Accounts in Ireland to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts of Great Britain. 588

100. An Act for shortening the Time required in Claims of Modus decimandi, or Exemption from or Discharge of Tithes. 591

101. An Act to authorize His Majesty to appoint a Person to act as Sheriff of Selkirkshire during the Incapacity of the present Sheriff. 594

102. An Act to repeal the Excise Duties on Flint Glass, and to impose other Duties in lieu thereof; and to amend the Laws relating to Glass. 595

103. An Act to provide for the Examination and Audit of the Customs and Excise Revenues in Scotland. 603

104. An Act to regulate the Period of rendering the Public Accounts and making up the General Imprest Certificates. 607

105. An Act for the better Support of the Dignity of the Speaker of the House of Commons; and for disabling the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being from holding any Office or Place of Profit, during Pleasure, under the Crown. 608

106. An Act to enable the Officers in His Majesty's Army, and their Representatives, and the Widows of Officers, and Persons on the Compassionate List, and also Civil Officers on Retired or Superannuation Allowances payable by the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, to draw for and receive their Half Pay and Allowances. Page 610

107. An Act for regulating for Three Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Care and Treatment of Insane Persons in England. 615

108. An Act for amending the Laws in Ireland relative to the Appointment of Special Constables, and for the better Preservation of the Peace. 644

109. An Act for settling and securing Annuities on the Right Honourable Charles Manners Sutton and on his next Heir Male, in consideration of the eminent Services of the said Right Honourable Charles Manners Sutton. 650

110. An Act for the better Regulation of the Duties to be performed by the Officers on the Plea or Common Law Side of the Court of Exchequer. 651

111. An Act to abolish certain Sinecure Offices connected with the Court of Chancery, and to make Provision for the Lord High Chancellor on his Retirement from Office. 654

112. An Act to authorize the Hereditary Land Revenues of the Crown in Scotland being placed under the Management of the Commissioners of the Land Revenues. 656

113. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four, Compositions for the Assessed Taxes, and to grant Relief in certain Cases. 657

114. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Bankrupts. 661

115. An Act for the better securing the Charitable Donations and Bequests of His Majesty's Subjects in Great Britain professing the Roman Catholic Religion. 665

116. An Act to provide for the Salaries of certain High and Judicial Officers, and of Payments heretofore made out of the Civil List Revenues. 667

117. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Appointment of Justices of the Peace, and of Juries, in the East Indies. 672

118. An Act to restrain for Five Years, in certain Cases, Party Processions in Ireland. 673

119. An Act to amend Three Acts passed respectively in the Fourth, Fifth, and in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, providing for the establishing of Compositions for Tithes in Ireland; and to make such Compositions permanent. 675

120. An Act to repeal the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps on Stage Carriages and on Horses let for Hire in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and also to consolidate and amend the Laws relating thereto. 690

121. An Act to enable His Majesty to carry into effect a Convention made between His Majesty and the King of the French and Emperor of all the Russias, and the King of Bavaria. 749

122. An Act for making Provision for the Lord High Chancellor of England in lieu of Fees heretofore received by him. 751

123. An Act for abolishing the Punishment of Death in certain Cases of Forgery. 759

124. An Act to explain certain Provisions in Local Acts of Parliament relating to Double Toll on Turnpike Roads. Page 760

125. An Act for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount, for the Purposes and in the Manner therein mentioned; and for giving Relief to Trinidad, British Guiana, and St. Lucie. 761

126. An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund, and the Surplus of Ways and Means, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. 791

127. An Act for appointing additional Commissioners to put in execution the Acts for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, and continuing the Duties on Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions. 801

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLICK,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

i. AN Act for enabling the Liverpool Marine Assurance Company to sue and be sued in the Name of the Chairman for the Time being, or of any One of the Directors of the said Company. Page 804

ii. An Act to enlarge the Term and amend the Powers and Provisions of an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for making a navigable Communication between the City of Norwich and the Sea, at or near Lowestoft in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

iii. An Act for maintaining and improving the Turnpike Roads leading from Ashford to Buxton, and from Tideswell to Blackwell, and from Edensor to Ashford, all in the County of Derby. Ibid.

iv. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Hardingston to Old Stratford in the County of Northampton. 805

v. An Act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving the Road from Ipswich to Stratford Saint Mary in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

vi. An Act for more effectually maintaining and improving the Roads from Birmingham to Wednesbury and to Great Bridge, and from thence to the Portway adjoining the Bilston and Wednesbury Turnpike Road, and to Nether Trindle near Dudley, and from Trouse Lane in the Parish of Wednesbury to Darlaston, in the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester; and for making new Branches of Road communicating therewith. Ibid.

vii. An Act for establishing a Floating Bridge over the River Tamar at or near Saltash Ferry in the County of Cornwall. Ibid.

viii. An Act for establishing a Market in the Parish of Walton-on-the-Hill in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Page 805

ix. An Act to continue the Term and to alter and amend the Powers of an Act passed in the Fifty-first Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for the Improvement of the Harbour of Sutton Pool in the Port of Plymouth in the County of Devon. 806

x. An Act for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Parochial Rates, and for the better Maintenance and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Margaret in the Borough and County of Leicester. Ibid.

xi. An Act to amend an Act for lighting the Town and Burgh of Paisley, and Suburbs and Places adjacent, with Gas; and to enable the Company thereby incorporated to increase their Capital Stock; and for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

xii. An Act for lighting with Gas the Town of Saint Helens, the Hamlet of Hardshaw-cum-Windle, and the several Townships of Windle, Parr, Eccleston, and Sutton, all in the Parish of Prescot in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

xiii. An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Fiftieth Year of His Majesty King George the Third, for lighting and otherwise improving the Streets and other public Places in the Parish of Saint Luke in the County of Middlesex; and for placing under the Care of the Trustees certain Roads in the Parish which were lately Turnpike Roads. Ibid.

xiv. An Act for diverting, altering, repairing, maintaining, and improving the several Turnpike Roads within the District of Newport in the County of Monmouth. Ibid.

xv. An Act for repairing and otherwise improving the Road from Brough Ferry to South Newbald Holmes, and from Brough to Welton, in the East Riding of the County of York. 807

xvi. An Act for more effectually improving the Road from Burford to Banbury in the County of Oxford, and from Burford to the Road leading to Stow in the County of Gloucester, and from Swerford Gate in the County of Oxford to the Road in Aynho in the County of Northampton; and for making a new Branch of Road to communicate with the same. Ibid.

xvii. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from New Windsor in the County of Berks to the Village of Twyford in the Parish of Hurst in the said County and County of Wilts. Ibid.

xviii. An Act for repairing the Road leading out of the Bedford and Newport Pagnett Turnpike Road near Bromham Grange in the County of Bedford to Olney and other Places in the County of Buckingham. Ibid.

xix. An Act for improving and maintaining the Road from or near Mytholm Boyd Bridge, in the West Riding of the County of York, communicating with the Road at or near to the Sixth Mile Stone from Rochdale in the County of Lancaster. 808

xx. An Act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving the Road from Doncaster to Bawtry in the County of York. Ibid.

xxi. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Downham Market to Barton, and to a Place called the Devils Ditch, all in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

xxii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from Boroughbridge in the County of York to the City of Durham, and for making and maintaining certain Deviations therein. Page 808

xxiii. An Act to amend several Acts relating to London Bridge and the Approaches thereto. 809

xxiv. An Act for making and maintaining a Reservoir upon Bradshaw Brook in the Townships of Turton and Entwisle in the Parish of Bolton-le-Moors in the County of Lancaster, for providing a more regular Supply of Water in Bradshaw Brook aforesaid, and in certain Rivers connected therewith. Ibid.

xxv. An Act to alter, amend, enlarge, and extend the Powers of several Acts passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth for making and maintaining the Clarence Railway. Ibid.

xxvi. An Act to equalize the Ecclesiastical Burthens of the Parish of Saint Mary Islington in the County of Middlesex; for partially altering the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Stone Fields Estate within the said Parish; for letting the Pews in the Parish Church of Saint Mary Islington, and the Chapel of Ease thereto; and for other Purposes connected therewith. Ibid.

xxvii. An Act for better supplying with Water the Borough of Preston, and Part of the Township of Fishwick adjoining thereto, in the Parish of Preston in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

xxviii. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads leading from Barton Bridge into the Manchester and Altrincham Turnpike Road in the County of Lancaster. 810

xxix. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the Town of Cockermouth to the Town of Workington, and a Branch of Road over Broughton High Bridge, unto and as far as the public Highway leading from the Village of Papcastle, towards and unto the Village of Great Broughton in the County of Cumberland. Ibid.

xxx. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Odiham in the County of Southampton to Farnham in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

xxxi. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from Berwick-upon-Tweed, by Ayton Bridge and Ayton, to Dunglas Bridge, and the Road from Billie Causeway and Preston Bridge to join the said Road at or near Houndwood House and Bankhouse respectively, in the County of Berwick. Ibid.

xxxii. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road leading from the Alfreton Turnpike Road near Mansfield, through Tibshelf and Morton, to the Nottingham Turnpike Road near Tansley, and other Roads connected therewith, in the Counties of Nottingham and Derby. Ibid.

xxxiii. An Act for repairing the Road from Birmingham (through Elmdon) to Stonebridge in the County of Warwick. 811

xxxiv. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Sessions House in the Town of Buckingham to Hanwell in the County of Oxford. Ibid.

xxxv. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from the Cavehill to the Harbour of Belfast in the County of Antrim. Page 811

xxxvi. An Act for widening and improving a Part of London Road in the Parish of Manchester and County of Lancaster, and also for effecting Improvements in the Streets and other Places within the Town of Manchester. Ibid.

xxxvii. An Act for lighting with Gas the City or Borough of Wells in the County of Somerset, the Liberty of Saint Andrew, and Suburbs of the said City or Borough. Ibid.

xxxviii. An Act to enable the British Commercial Insurance Company to sue and be sued in the Name of One of the Directors or of the Secretary for the Time being of the Company. 812

xxxix. An Act for better governing and regulating an Institution in the City of Bristol called and known by the Name of "The Bristol Asylum or School of Industry for the Blind." Ibid.

xl. An Act for providing a Town Hall and Market Place, and regulating the Markets, in the Town of Upton-upon-Severn in the County of Worcester. Ibid.

xli. An Act for extending the Time for completing the additional Bridge over the River Bee in the City of Chester. Ibid.

xlii. An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for rebuilding the Bridges over the Rivers Spey and Findhorn, for making Accesses thereto, and for making and maintaining certain new Roads in the County of Elgin, in so far as the same regards the Bridge over the River Spey near Fochabers in the said County of Elgin. Ibid.

xliii. An Act to explain and amend Two Acts, of the Fifty-first Year of His late Majesty King George the Third and the Fifth Year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, relative to the Bridgewater and Taunton Canal Navigation. Ibid.

xliv. An Act for constructing and maintaining a Pier or Harbour at Largs in the County of Ayr. Ibid.

xlv. An Act for better paving, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving the Town of Saint Leonard in the County of Sussex. 813

xlvi. An Act for enabling the Liverpool and Manchester Railway Company to make a Branch Railway, and for amending and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts relating to such Railway. Ibid.

xlvii. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from Wadebridge in the Parish of Saint Breoke to Wenford Bridge, Saint Breward, with a collateral Branch to the Borough of Bodmin, and certain other Branches, all in the County of Cornwall. Ibid.

xlviii. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram-road from a certain Quay at Portmadock, in the Parish of Ynys-cynhaiarn in the County of Carnarvon, to certain Slate Quarries called Rhiw-bryfder and Dyffws, in the Parish of Festiniog in the County of Merioneth. Ibid.

xlix. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of several Acts for making and maintaining the Saint Katharine Docks in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

l. An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fourth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for draining and improving certain Low Grounds and Cars in Holderness in the East Riding of the County of York. Page 813

li. An Act for maintaining several Roads leading to and from the Town of Tamworth in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick. Ibid.

lii. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Burnt House in the Parish of Lympstone in the County of Devon to Exmouth in the same County. 814

liii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Little Yarmouth to Blythburgh, and from Brampton to Halesworth, in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

liv. An Act for better maintaining the Road leading from Robeston Wathan to Saint Clears, and other Roads, in the Counties of Pembroke and Carmarthen, and for making several Branches from such Roads. Ibid.

lv. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Newcastle-under-Lyme in the County of Stafford to Drayton in Hales otherwise Market Drayton in the County of Salop, and for making new Branches and Deviations of Roads to communicate therewith. Ibid.

lvi. An Act for more effectually repairing, amending, and maintaining certain Roads and Bridges in the County of Berwick. 815

lvii. An Act for more effectually repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Vinehall to Cripps's Corner, and from thence to Staplecross, and from Cripps's Corner to Taylor's Corner, in the County of Sussex, and a Piece of Road communicating therewith. Ibid.

lviii. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Turnpike Road from or near a Place called The Five Oaks, in the Parish of Billingshurst, to join the Horsham and Guildford Turnpike Road on Broadbridge Heath in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

lix. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from Shankhill in the County of Kilkenny to the City of Waterford. Ibid.

lx. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Conway to Pwllheli, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Carnarvon and Denbigh. 816

lxi. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Bishop Wearmouth to Norton in the County of Durham. Ibid.

lxii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Ightham in the County of Kent to the Turnpike Road leading from London to Maidstone in the said County. Ibid.

lxiii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the City of Norwich to Fakenham in the County of Norfolk. 817

lxiv. An Act for making a Turnpike Road from the Parish of Cann Saint Rumbold, near Shaftesbury in the County of Dorset, through Cranbourne Chase and the New Forest, to the Bell Inn at Brook in the Parish of Bramshaw in the County of Southampton, together with Two Branches therefrom. Page 817

lxv. An Act to amend and render more effectual certain Acts of the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second and the Nineteenth Year of His Majesty King George the Third, for the more speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Tower Hamlets. Ibid.

lxvi. An Act for the better Regulation and Improvement of the United Parishes of Saint Andrew Holborn above the Bars and Saint George the Martyr in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

lxvii. An Act for making and maintaining Wet Docks in the Port of Hartlepool, and a Railway from the said Docks into the Township of Moorsley, with certain Branches therefrom, all in the County of Durham. Ibid.

lxviii. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act of King George the Third, for improving the Pier and Port of Hartlepool in the County of Durham. 818

lxix. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal Navigation and Railway to alter some Parts of the said Canal Navigation, to alter and amend the Line of the said Railway, to make further collateral Branches thereto; and for amending the Powers and Provisions of the Act relating to the said Canal and Railway. Ibid.

lxx. An Act for inclosing, draining, and embanking Lands within the Parishes of Rushington and Dorrington, and the Township or Hamlet of North Kyme in the Parish of South Kyme, all in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

lxxi. An Act for more effectually repairing the First District of the Road from Coleshill, through the City of Lichfield and the Town of Stone, to the End of the County of Stafford in the Road leading towards Chester, and several other Roads in the Counties of Warwick and Stafford and City and County of the City of Lichfield. Ibid.

lxxii. An Act for repairing and improving the Road from Ternhill to Newport in the County of Salop. 819

lxxiii. An Act for more effectually repairing, improving, and maintaining the Road from Bawtry to Selby in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

lxxiv. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving certain Roads leading to and through the Town of Goudhurst in the County of Kent. Ibid.

lxxv. An Act for better maintaining certain Roads within the County of Salop called "The Shawbury District of Roads." Ibid.

lxxvi. An Act for repairing, maintaining, and improving the Road from Stevenage in the County of Hertford to Biggleswade in the County of Bedford, and a Branch therefrom to Arlsey in the said County of Bedford. 820

lxxvii. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road from Lanfabon to Pontymoil, and other Roads and Bridges therein mentioned, in the Counties of Glamorgan and Monmouth. Ibid.

lxxviii. An Act for erecting and maintaining within the Burgh of Haddington a new Court House, Record Rooms, and other Offices, for the County of Haddington. Page 820

lxxix. An Act for enlarging the Church of Saint Mary in the Chapelry of Birkenhead in the County Palatine of Chester. Ibid.

lxxx. An Act for establishing as the Parish Church the newly-erected Church in the Parish of Saint Bartholomew adjoining the City of Chichester. Ibid.

lxxxi. An Act to enable the Standard Life Assurance Company to sue and be sued in the Name of their Manager; for confirming the Rules and Regulations of the said Company; and for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

lxxxii. An Act for more effectually making, maintaining, and repairing certain Roads, with the necessary Bridges thereon, in the Counties of Perth, Stirling, and Forfar. 82i

lxxxiii. An Act for more effectually repairing several Roads leading from the Bell in Stoke Ferry in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

lxxxiv. An Act for maintaining and improving certain Roads within the Counties of Worcester and Stafford called "The Dudley and Brettell Lane District of Roads," and for making several Branches from such Roads. Ibid.

lxxxv. An Act for improving certain Roads within the Counties of Worcester, Salop, and Stafford, called "The Dudley and New Inn District of Roads." Ibid.

lxxxvi. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Town of Doncaster to the Town and Port of Selby in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

lxxxvii. An Act for altering and amending certain Acts for regulating the Police of the City of Edinburgh and the adjoining Districts; and for other Purposes relating thereto. 822

lxxxviii. An Act for more easily providing Compensation for the Damage and Injury committed within the City of Bristol and County of the same City during the late Riots and Disturbances therein. Ibid.

lxxxix. An Act for repairing, lighting, and watching the District of the United Parishes of Saint James and Saint Paul in the County of Gloucester; and for the Care of the Poor thereof. Ibid.

xc. An Act for improving and regulating the Township of Chorlton-upon-Medlock in the County of Lancaster. Ibid.

xci. An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and improving the Town and Port of Hastings in the County of Sussex, and for establishing and regulating Markets therein, and supplying the Inhabitants thereof with Water; and for other Purposes. Ibid.

xcii. An Act to accelerate the raising by the Newcastle upon Tyne and Carlisle Railway Company of a certain Sum for the more speedy Prosecution of the Undertaking. Ibid.

xciii. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from the Basin of the Exeter Canal in the Parish of Saint Thomas the Apostle in the County of Devon to the Four Mills in the Parish of Crediton in the said County. 823

xciv. An Act for the more effectual Drainage of the Lands within Blankney Fen, Blankney Dales, Linwood Fen, Linwood Dales, and Martin Fen and Martin Dales, in the County of Lincoln. Page 823

xcv. An Act for the better Drainage of certain Lands in the Parishes of Spalding and Pinchbeck in the County of Lincoln, the Waters from which are discharged by the Blue Gowt Drain. Ibid.

xcvi. An Act for repealing Parts of and amending and enlarging the Powers of other Parts of an Act for embanking and draining certain Fens and Low Lands in the Parishes of Nocton and Potterhanworth in the County of Lincoln, and in the Parish of Branston in the County of the City of Lincoln. Ibid.

xcvii. An Act for more effectually repairing and amending the Marlborough District of the Road from Swindon to Marlborough and from Marlborough to Everley in the County of Wilts, and also the Branch Road from the same to the present Turnpike Road from Andover to Devizes; and for making a Road from in the said Branch Road at Collingburn Ducis to join the present Turnpike Road from Andover to Salisbury in the said County. Ibid.

xcviii. An Act for repairing and improving the Road from the Great Bridge in the Borough of Warwick, through Sautham and Daventry, to the Town of Northampton. 824

xcix. An Act for repairing and improving the Roads from Prestwich to Bury and Ratcliffe in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

c. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers and renewing the Term granted by certain Acts passed for improving the Communication between the City of Glasgow and the City of Carlisle. Ibid.

ci. An Act for amending and continuing the Acts relating to the Road from Elvan Foot in the County of Lanark to Beatock Bridge in the County of Dumfries. 825

cii. An Act for better maintaining certain Roads within the County of Carmarthen called "The Three Commotts District of Roads," and for making several Branches, Diversions, and Extensions from such Roads. Ibid.

ciii. An Act for uniting the Funds of the North and South Charitable Infirmaries of the City of Cork, and for establishing in lieu of such Infirmaries One General Hospital for the said City. Ibid.

civ. An Act for erecting and maintaining a new Court House and Public Offices for the County of Inverness. Ibid.

cv. An Act for better regulating the Pilotage of the Port of Kingston-upon-Hull and of the River Humber, and for other Purposes relating thereto. 826

cvi. An Act for better paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and otherwise improving the City of Exeter and County of the same City. Ibid.

cvii. An Act to make more effectual Provisions for lighting, cleansing, and watching the City of Londonderry, and to amend several Acts relating to the said City. Ibid.

cviii. An Act for discharging the Inhabitants of the Township of Ossett-cum-Gawthorpe in the Parish of Dewsbury in the County of York from the Custom of grinding Corn, Grain, and Malt at certain Water Corn Mills in the Townships of Wakefield and Horbury and in the Parish of Sandal in the said County; and for making Compensation to the Proprietor of the said Mills. Page 826

cix. An Act for maintaining certain Roads in the Neighbourhood of the Towns of Beverley, of Kingston-upon-Hull, and of North Cave, called "The Beverley, Hessle, and North Cave Turnpike Roads." Ibid.

cx. An Act for establishing a General Cemetery for the Interment of the Dead in the Neighbourhood of the Metropolis. 827

cxi. An Act for consolidating the several Shares of the Proprietors of the Gloucester and Berkeley Canal Company, and for converting the Interests of the several Parties holding Debentures, Annuities, and Optional Notes into Shares; and for altering and enlarging the Powers of the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Canal. Ibid.

cxii. An Act for providing for the Discharge of a Claim in respect of Monies advanced by the late James Hodges Esquire on Security of the Lands of the late Zemindar of Nozeed and Mustaphanagur, in the District of Fort Saint George in the East Indies, now under the Government of the Honourable the East India Company. Ibid.

cxiii. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act for establishing Portman Market within the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE KING'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

1. AN Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Aston Bowant in the County of Oxford. Page 828

2. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Caversham in the County of Oxford. Ibid.

3. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Bubwith and Harlethorpe in the Parish of Bubwith in the East Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

4. An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Parish of Clifton in the County of Bedford. 829

5. An Act for inclosing certain Commons or Tracts of Waste Lands called Harberrow and Blakedown Commons, in the Parish of Hagley in the County of Worcester. Ibid.

6. An Act for effecting the Sale of certain Estates in the County of Donegal in Ireland devised by the Will of James Murray Esquire, deceased, and for laying out the Money arising from such Sale, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. Page 829

7. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Ballesley otherwise Bausley within the Parish of Alberbury in the County of Montgomery. Ibid.

8. An Act for vesting in Archibald Lord Douglas of Douglas, or the Heir of Entail in possession for the Time, certain detached Parts of the Douglas Estates in Fee Simple, upon entailing certain other Lands equivalent in Value thereto. 830

9. An Act to empower the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell such Part or Parts of the Entailed Estates belonging to John Richardson Esquire, of Pitfour, in the County of Perth, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts and Provisions affecting the same. Ibid.

10. An Act for separating the Rectory of Easington in the County and Diocese of Durham from the Archdeaconry of Durham, and annexing in lieu thereof a Prebend or Canonry founded in the Cathedral Church of Durham. Ibid.

11. An Act for vesting certain Settled Estates of Philip Pusey Esquire, in the Counties of Kent and Berks, in Trustees for Sale, and for laying out the Money thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

12. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Thornburg in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

13. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Hamlet of Hill and Moor in the Parish of Fladbury in the County of Worcester. Ibid.

14. An Act for exchanging Part of the Settled Estates of Sir Thomas Fletcher Fenton Boughey Baronet for Part of his Fee Simple Estates. 831

15. An Act for vesting the Real Estates devised by the Will of Ellis Leckonby Hodgson Esquire, deceased, in Everton within the Manor of West Derby in the County of Lancaster, in Trustees, to be sold for paying off an Incumbrance thereon; for dividing Two Third Parts of the Residue of the Purchase Money among the Devisees of Two Third Parts of the said Estates, and for investing the remaining One Third Part of the said Money in the Purchase of other Estates, or on Securities, to the same Uses as the other Third Part of the said devised Estates. Ibid.

16. An Act for empowering the Trustees of the Blue Coat Charity School in Warrington in the County of Lancaster to make Sales and to grant Building and Mining Leases of certain Parts of the Estates belonging to the said Charity, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. Ibid.

17. An Act for establishing and carrying into effect an Agreement for a Partition between William Henry Bowen Jordan Wilson Esquire and Edmund Meysey Wigley Greswolde Esquire of Estates in the County of Warwick. Ibid.

18. An Act for effectually settling all the Estates in Great Britain which by the Will of the late Right Honourable George Pitt Lord Rivers deceased, dated the Fifteenth of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, are required to be settled by the Right Honourable George Pitt Rivers, now Lord Rivers, to the Uses directed by such Will. Page 831

19. An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of Durham to appropriate Part of the Property of their Church to the Establishment of a University in connexion therewith for the Advancement of Learning. Ibid.

20. An Act to authorize the Patrons or Patron for the Time being of the Vicarage of Aston juxta Birmingham in the County of Warwick to appropriate and assign any Part of the Tithes and Vicarial Dues belonging to the said Vicarage, or any Rent-charge issuing out of the same, for endowing certain new Churches within the said Vicarage if converted into District Parishes or Vicarages, and for selling the Advowsons of the same Churches or new Benefices. Ibid.

21. An Act to authorize the granting of Leases of certain Parts of the Estates (subject to the Trusts of the Will) of Philip Antrobus Gentleman, deceased. 832

22. An Act for disafforesting and inclosing so much of the Forest of Rockingham as is situate within the Bailiwick of Rockingham, and for inclosing Open and Common Field Lands in Gretton, all within the County of Northampton. Ibid.

23. An Act to vest a Part of the Entailed Estate of Saltoun and others in the County of Haddington in Trustees, to sell the same, and apply the Price thereof, or the Securities to be granted thereon, towards satisfying the Debts contracted for Money laid out in the Improvement of the said Entailed Estate; and for feuing certain Parts of the said Entailed Estate in the County of Edinburgh. Ibid.

24. An Act to enable the Reverend John Bushnell, and the Trustees of the Will of John Bushnell Esquire, deceased, to effect a Sale to Philip Pusey Esquire of the Manor or Lordship of Charney, and a certain Messuage, Lands, and Premises therein, in the County of Berks. Ibid.

25. An Act to invest a Part of the Entailed Estates of Brodie, and others, in the Counties of Elgin and Nairn, in Trustees in Fee Simple, for the Purpose of selling the Lands so vested, and of applying the Price thereof, or the Securities to be granted thereon, towards satisfying Debts, Provisions, and others contracted by the Entailer, and for Money laid out by the Heir of Entail in the Improvement of the said Entailed Estates. Ibid.

26. An Act for exchanging Fee Simple Estates of Sir Thomas Slingsby Baronet, situate at Scriven, Scotton, and Farnham, and in the Parishes of Knaresborough and Farnham, in the County of York, and not in Settlement, for a Part of his Settled Estate situate at Wollas otherwise Woolhouse in the Township of Appleton Roebuck and Parish of Bolton Percy in the County of the City of York; and for charging the Estates taken in exchange with a Portion for Emma Louisa Catharine Slingsby, the infant Daughter of Charles Slingsby Esquire, deceased. Ibid.

27. An Act to confirm certain Leases granted by James Weller Ladbroke Esquire of Land and Premises at Nottinghill in the County of Middlesex; and for other Purposes. 833

28. An Act for vesting the Estates in the County of Sussex devised by a Codicil to the Will of the Right Honourable Peter late Lord Gwydir, deceased, in Trustees, upon Trust to sell the same, and for laying out the Residue of the Monies arising from such Sale, after Payment thereout of a Charge affecting the same Estates, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. Page 833

29. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain open Common Salt Marshes in the Township of Walpole in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

30. An Act for vesting the Fee Simple of Part of the Freehold Estates devised by the Will of William Lee Antonie Esquire, deceased, in strict Settlement, in his Nephew, John Lee Esquire, Doctor of Laws (subject to a Terra of Five hundred Years, as an Indemnification against a Sum of Ten thousand Pounds and Interest); and for substituting Part of the Fee Simple Estates of the said John Lee in lieu thereof; and also for appointing new Trustees of the said Settled Estates. Ibid.

31. An Act for exchanging certain detached Parts of the Entailed Estate of Craigends in the County of Renfrew, belonging to William Cuninghame Esquire, for certain other Lands held by him in Fee Simple. Ibid.

32. An Act for authorizing the Trustees of John White the elder, deceased, to complete on their Part an Exchange of certain Lands at Millbank in the County of Middlesex; and for vesting the exchanged Lands and other Hereditaments in the Trustees of the Marriage Settlement of William Leaper Newton Esquire and Henrietta his Wife, with Power of Sale. 834

33. An Act for enabling James Thomas Martin Esquire, and the Persons in Remainder under the Will of Mary Jackson deceased, to grant Leases of Part of the Settled Estates therein comprised, for the Purpose of building upon and otherwise improving the same. Ibid.

34. An Act for settling certain Manors and Estates in the County of Durham to the Uses of the Marriage Settlement of the Most Honourable Charles William Vane Marquis of Londonderry and the Most Honourable Frances Anne Vane Marchioness of Londonderry his Wife, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. Ibid.

PRIVATE ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

35. AN Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Manerowen in the County of Pembroke.

36. An Act for naturalizing Pierre Jaques Adolphe Pasteur.

37. An Act for naturalizing Antonio Panizzi Esquire.

38. An Act for naturalizing Edward Codwise.

39. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Josiah Smith with Elizabeth his Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

40. An Act for naturalizing Echardt Martin Mette.

41. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Robert Clayton Esquire with Alice Hugh Massy his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

42. An Act for continuing, establishing, and confirming unto and upon John Ingram Lockhart Esquire the Surname and Arms of Wastie, pursuant to the Will of Francis Wastie Esquire, deceased.

43. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, to enable the Master, Fellows, and Scholars of Jesus College in the University of Cambridge to alter and vary the Benefaction of Doctor Edmund Proby and Sir Thomas Proby, and to appropriate the same for the Benefit of the said College in the Augmentation of several small Rectories and Vicarages; and further to appropriate the said Benefaction.

44. An Act for naturalizing Edward Patzeker.

THE

STATUTES AT LARGE.

Anno Regni GULIELMI IV, Britanniarum Regis, Secundo.

At the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Fourteenth Day of June, Anno Domini 1831, in the First Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord WILLIAM the Fourth, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith: and from thence continued by several Prorogations to the Sixth Day of December 1831; being the Second Session of the Tenth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP. I.

An Act for uniting the Office of the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Works and Public Buildings with the Office of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues; and for other Purposes relating to the Land Revenues.

[13th February 1832.]

[10 G. 4. c. 50.]

WHEREAS by divers Acts, and particularly an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Management and Improvement of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks, and Chases; of the Land Revenue of the Crown within the Survey of the Exchequer in England; and of the Land Revenue of the Crown in Ireland; and for extending certain Provisions relating to the same to the Isles of Man and Alderney, all Honors, Hundreds, Castles, Lordships, Manors, Forests, Chases, Woods, Parks, Messuages, Lands, Tithes, Fisheries, Franchises, Services, Rents, and other Land Revenues, Possessions, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever (Advowsons of Churches and Vicarages only excepted) which belong to His Majesty, within the Ordering and Survey of the Court of Exchequer in England or Wales, in Ireland, in the Isle of Man and its Dependencies, and the Isle of Alderney, whether in Possession, Remainder, or Expectancy, (which said Honors, Hundreds, Castles, Lordships, Manors, Forests, Chases, Woods, Parks, Messuages, Lands, Tithes, Fisheries, Franchises, Services, Rents, and other Land Revenues, Possessions, and Tenements, are commonly called "The Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown,") are under the Management of a First Commissioner and Two other Commissioners appointed by

2 C. 1. 2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Letters Patent during His Majesty's Pleasure, and styled "The Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues:" And whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty-fourth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third,

[54 G. 3. c. 157.]

---

intituled An Act for better Regulation of the Conduct of the Business of the Office of Works, and the Expenditure thereof, His Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, including as well the Works and Buildings the Expence of which is defrayed out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, as the Works and Buildings the Expence of which is defrayed out of any Funds granted by Parliament, or out of any Part of the Public Revenue usually included in the incidental Charges of such Department, and the Expenditure in respect of such Works and Buildings, are placed under the

Superintendence and Controul of an Officer appointed during His Majesty's Pleasure, called "The Surveyor General of His Majesty's Works and Public Buildings And whereas William Henry Cooper and Frederick Grey Cooper, Sons of Sir Grey Cooper Baronet, deceased, are the only remaining Grantees by Letters Patent of the Office of Auditor of the Land Revenues in England: And whereas, under an Act passed in the Thirtyninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the

39 G. 3. c. 8s. 4 Third, intituled An Act for tranferring to the Commissioners for

auditing the Public Accounts the Duties now performed in the Office of the Auditors of the Land Revenue, and for directing the Mode of attesting the Accounts of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Faroes, and under the said Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, after the respective Deaths of William Henry Cooper and Frederick Grey Cooper, the Office of the said remaining Auditors of the Land Revenue in England are directed to be abolished; and during the Continuance of the said Patent granted to William Henry Cooper and Frederick Grey Cooper the Duties of the Office of Auditor for Chester, Derby, Lincoln, and Nottingham, and of the Office of the Auditor for the Principality of Wales (the Grantees of which last-mentioned Offices are dead) , are performed by acting Auditors in the said Offices of the Land Revenue of the Crown for the Counties of Chester, Derby, Lincoln, and Nottingham, and for the Principality of Wales, appointed or allowed by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and removable at Pleasure; and after the Determination of the said remaining Office of Auditor of the Land Revenue of the Crown in England the Accounts of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, 4 Forests, and Land Revenues are under the said last-mentioned Acts directed to be examined, tried, and audited by the Commissioners appointed under the Authority of an Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George

25 G. s. c. 52. 4 the Third, intituled An Act for better examining and auditing ike

4 Public Accounts of the Kingdom: And whereas it is expedient that the Management of the Business of the Office of Works and Buildings, and of the Business of the Office of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, 4 should be united, and that the Duties and Powers now performed and exercised and exercisable by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and the Duties

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV.

0.1.

3

and Powers under the said Act of the Fifty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, now performed and exercised or exercisable by the Surveyor General

of His Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, should be performed and exercised by One Set of Commissioners, to be appointed for the Performance and Exercise thereof respectively; and it is also expedient that the said remaining Office of Auditor of the Land Revenue should be abolished forthwith,

and that the Examination and auditing of Accounts now performed by the said remaining Auditors and by the said acting Auditors shall be transferred to the Commissioners for examining and auditing the Public Accounts of the Kingdom,

appointed under the Authority of the said Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third; and it is just that the said William Henry Cooper and Frederick Grey Cooper should receive a Compensation for the Loss they will sustain by the Abolition of their said Office of Auditor of the Land Revenue; and it is expedient that Provision should be made for the Removal of the Books of Entries, Records, Deeds, Instruments, Writings, Maps, Plans, and other official Papers now deposited in the Offices or which are or ought to be in the Custody of the said remaining Auditors of the Land Revenue of the Crown of England, and of the said acting Auditors of the Land Revenue for the Counties of Chester, Derby, Lincoln, and Nottingham, and the Principality of Wales, and for the future Custody and Care thereof, and also for the Inrolment, in manner herein after mentioned, of all Deeds and Instruments which, in case this Act had not been passed, ought, under the Provisions of the said Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, to have been inrolled in the said remaining Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue of the Crown, or in the Office of any acting Auditor performing the Duty of Auditor of the Land Revenue of the Crown in England or Wales, and for the future Custody and Care of such Deeds and Instruments Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it Appointment of shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, at Commissioners any Time after the passing of this Act, and so from Time to Time, woock Foresu, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, to appoint, in the Place Land Revenues, of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Works, and Revenues, and of the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Works Buildings, and Public Buildings, any Persons, not exceeding Three in

4,

C.l.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1823.

Regulations at present applicable to the Board of Works and to the Commissioners of Woods, &c. to be observed by the Commissioners appointed under this Act.

Commissioners to be under the Direction of the Commissioners of the Treasury.

Exemptions, and Privileges whatsoever vested in or enjoyed by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and the Duties heretofore performed, and the Powers heretofore exercised or exercisable, and the Exemptions and Privileges enjoyed, by the said Surveyor General of His Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, shall, from and after such Appointment, be performed and exercised and enjoyed by and vested in the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, Works and Buildings, and their Successors; and from and after such Appointment all Acts of Parliament, Deeds, Bonds, Contracts, Agreements, and other Instruments in which the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, or the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, are named or mentioned, shall apply to the Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings so to be appointed as aforesaid, as if such last-mentioned Commissioners had been originally named in and made Parties to ticck Acts of Parliament, Deeds, Bonds, Contracts, Agreements, and other Instruments, instead of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Works and Public Buildings.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Instructions which, in. pursuance of and conformably to the Directions of the said Act of the Fifty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury have heretofore prepared and transmitted to the Surveyor General of the Office of Works, for the Conduct of the Business of the Office of Works, or for the Regulation or Controul of the Expenditure thereof in any of its Branches or Departments, and all and singular Orders, Rules, Instructions, and Directions which, in pursuance of and conformably to the Provisions of the said Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, have been made or given by the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, touching or concerning the Duties of the Office of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, shall be binding upon, observed, and kept by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, and their Successors, in like Manner as the same Instructions, Orders, Rules, and Directions respectively are now binding upon and are or ought to be observed and performed by the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, and by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, and their Successors, shall perform and observe all the Orders, Directions, Instructions, and Rules, not being contrary to this Act, which shall from Time to Time be given to them by the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, touching the Performance of the Duties and the Exercise of the Powers imposed upon and given to them by this Act.

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C.l.

5

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Monies which, at the Monies in the Time of the first Appointment of the Commissioners of His Ma- Banks of Eng-jesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, jan^ fn? J.re- shall be in the Bank of England or in the Bank of Ireland, or in fe^ed to new*- any other Bank, placed to the Credit of any Account or Accounts Commissioners, under the Controul of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods,

Forests, and Land Revenues, shall, immediately after the Appointment of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, be transferred, and the Governors and Managers of such Banks respectively are hereby authorized and required to transfer the same Monies respectively, to the Credit of a like Account under the Controul of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of His Suits pending to

Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, c*rned *n r *'ti o j li the Name of the

for the Purpose of prosecuting, defending, and carrying on all new Commis-

Actions, Suits, and Proceedings which shall be pending at the sioners.

Time of their first Appointment, and that without the Necessity of substituting the Names of the Commissioners of His Majesty

Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, in lieu of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and to and for all other Intents, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever, except so far as would be repugnant to the Provisions of this Act, shall come in the Place of and be and shall be deemed and taken to be the Successors of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and also of the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Works and Public Buildings.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Commissioner to Commissioners be appointed as herein-before is directed shall, before he shall 811 °ath act in pursuance of such Appointment, take the following Oath, on.^r

to be administered by the Chief Baron or one other of the Barons p m 611 of His Majesty's Exchequer; (that is to say,)

I A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully and diligently execute

A the Duties of a Commissioner of His Majesty's Woods,

Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings.

So help me GOD. '

Vn. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Commissioners Majesty and His Successors, by the Letters Patent by which the receive Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Salarie8, Works, and Buildings shall be appointed as aforesaid, to grant to the Person first named in such Letters Patent respectively, (who shall be Chairman of the Commission, and be called the First Commissioner,) and to the other Commissioners respectively, the like Salaries as by the said Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth His Majesty is empowered to grant to the First Commissioner and the other Commissioners respectively of His Majesty's Woods* Forests, and Land Revenues.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Powers of lawful for the Commissioners to be appointed under this Act, and former Acts

they are hereby authorized* empowered, and required, to exercise !n.the

B 3 1 an(l Commissioners.

All Leases, Contracts, and Agreements to remain in fore* in the same Manner as if this Act had not passed.

C. 1. 2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

and carry into effect all the Powers, Authorities, Clauses, Enactments, and Provisions contained in the said recited Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, either expressly or by reference to any other Acts, and also to execute and carry into effect all the Powers, Authorities, Enactments, and Provisions contained in any other Act or Acts relating to His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, or to the Estates and Possessions of the Crown, as fully, amply, and effectually as the same could have been carried into effect and exercised by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues aforesaid, or as if the Commissioners to be appointed under this Act had been named in the said Acts instead of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Leases, and all Contracts and Agreements for the letting of any Part or Portion of the Estates and Possessions of His Majesty, which shall have been made or entered into by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and all Deeds, Contracts, and Agreements which shall have been made or entered into by the said Commissioners, or by the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, shall, from and after the Appointment of the Commissioners under this Act, continue and be of the same Force and Effect against and for the Benefit of the Commissioners to be appointed under this Act as the same would have been of against and for the Benefit of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, or the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, in case this Act had not been passed; and the Commissioners to be appointed as aforesaid under this Act shall have the same Powers and Remedies for recovering the Rents and compelling Performance of the Covenants in such Leases respectively contained, and on the Part of the Lessees to be paid and performed, and for enforcing the Performance of such Deeds, Contracts, and Agreements, and for recovering any Penalties or Damages for the Nonpayment of such Rents, or Nonperformance of such Covenants, Deeds, Contracts, and Agreements, and shall also have the same Benefit of all Securities given or entered into for the due Payment of such Rents, and Performance of such Covenants, Contracts, and Agreements respectively, and of all other Securities given or entered into, to or with the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, or the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, as such Commissioners or Surveyor General respectively could have had in case this Act had not been passed, or as if the Commissioners to be appointed under this Act had been Parties to or named in such Leases, Contracts, Agreements, and Securities, instead of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, or the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, or as if the said Securities had been given to the Commissioners to be appointed under or by virtue of this Act; and all Rents and Sums of Money which if this Act had not been passed, would, from and after the Appointment of the Commissioners under this Act, have been due

A.D. 1832.

2°^ GULIELMI IV. C l. T

and payable to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods,

Forests, and Land Revenues, or to the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, shall be due and payable to and shall be paid to the Commissioners to be appointed under this Act; and such Commissioners shall have the same Benefit of all Bonds and Securities, and of all other Remedies for recovering and obtaining Payment of such Sums respectively, as the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, or the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, might or could have had in case this Act had not been passed; and all Debts and Sums of Money which if this Act had not been passed would, from and after the Appointment of the Commissioners under this Act, have been payable by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, or by the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, shall be paid by the Commissioners to be appointed under this Act; and the Commissioners to be appointed under this Act shall, from and after they shall be appointed Commissioners as aforesaid, be bound by eifery such Lease, Deed, Contract, or Agreement as aforesaid, in the same Manner as if they had been Parties thereto or named therein instead of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, or the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Works and Public Buildings.

X. And be it further enacted, That the First Commissioner of Powers and His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Privilege* of Buildings shall have the like Privilege of receiving and sending ^Qngr Commis" Letters and Packets free from Postage, and in all other respects

shall have the Powers and Privileges, and for all Purposes whatsoever shall come in the Place and be the Successor of the First Commissioner of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, as well in relation to all other Matters as in relation to His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues; and that Two Commis-where any thing is, by any Act heretofore passed, required, fionersmayact directed, or permitted to be done by the Commissioners of His 1Q certain Cases* Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and which if done by Two of them would by Law be as valid and effectual as if done by all of them, and when any thing is by this Act or shall by any future Act be required, directed, or permitted to be done by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, the same may be done by any Two of them, unless express Provision be made to the contrary, and if done by Two of them shall be as valid and effectual as if done by all of them.

XI. And be it further enacted, That One of the said Commis- One Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, sioner may be a and Buildings, for the Time being, and no more, shall be capable Member of the of sitting and voting as a Member of the House of Commons of m°^° m" the United Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland; and that no

Person appointed a Commissioner under this Act upon the first Appointment of such Commissioners, and who shall at the Time be a Commissioner of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, shall be deemed or taken to have accepted an Office of Profit from the Crown within the Meaning of. an Act passed

B 4* in

8

Cl.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 182.

6 Aim* c. 7.

Accounts now audited by the Auditors of the Land Revenue to be transferred to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts.

Office of Auditor of the Land Revenue to be abolished.

Compensation to Grantees; which shall be fixed by Referees.

in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Ann, intituled An Act for the Security of Her Majesty's Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all the Accounts, from the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, and the Time subsequent thereto, heretofore examined, tried, and audited by or in the Offices of the Auditors or acting Auditors of the Land Revenue of the Crown in England and Wales, or in either of them, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be examined, tried, and audited by the Commissioners for examining and auditing the Public Accounts of the Kingdom under the Authority of the said Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, except as to the Accounts for the Time previous to the said Fifth Day oi January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, and that the said last-mentioned Commissioners shall have and exercise the like Powers and Authorities for examining, trying, and auditing the several Accounts aforesaid as are now vested in the same Commissioners, by virtue of the said Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for examining, trying, and auditing the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, or as are now vested in the said remaining Grantees of the Office of Auditors, or in the said acting Auditors of the Land Revenue of the Crown in England, and in the Principality of Wales respectively, by any Statute, Law, Usage, or Custom whatsoever.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three the said remaining Office of Auditor of the Land Revenue in England, of which the said William Henry Cooper and Frederick Grey Cooper are Grantees as aforesaid, shall cease; but all Accounts relating to the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown for the Time previous to the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, heretofore liable to be examined, tried, and audited by the said remaining Auditors, or by any acting Auditors of the Land Revenue of the Crown in England, or in the Principality of Wales, shall be examined, tried, and audited by such remaining Auditors or acting Auditors until the same shall be finally settled, in the like Manner, and with the like Powers of giving Discharges, and all other the like Powers and Privileges, as if this Act had not been passed.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That a reasonable Compensation shall be made to the said William Henry Cooper and Frederick Grey Cooper respectively for the Loss they will respectively sustain by the passing of this Act; and the Amount of such Compensation shall be fixed by such Person as the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, shall for that Purpose appoint, on behalf of His Majesty, and by such Person as the said William Henry Cooper and Frederick Grey Cooper, or the Survivor of them, shall appoint on their or his Behalf respectively; and in case the Referees so appointed shall not agree, the Amount of such,

A.D. 1832.

2° GULIELMI IV. C.l.

9

Compensation shall be fixed by such Person as shall be appointed as Umpire by the Two first-named Referees, by Writing under their Hands, before they proceed to the Business of the Reference; and the Determination of the said Referees or of their Umpire shall be binding on all Parties; and that the said Referees and the said Umpire shall and may send for Persons and Papers, and examine Witnesses upon Oath, which Oaths either of the said Referees or the said Umpire is hereby authorized to administer; and the Amount of the Compensations, when ascertained as aforesaid, the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, may pay or direct to be paid out of the Land Revenues of the Crown, or out of any Money applicable as Land Revenues of the Crown.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's of the Treasury Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, and pj^ofor the he or they is and are hereby required, to provide a proper Records of the Building or Buildings, in London or Westminster, for the Recep- Office of Land tion and safe Custody of all the Books of Entry, Records, Deeds, Revenue; Instruments, Writings, Maps, Plans, and other official Papers

which are now deposited or kept in the Offices, or which are or ought to be in the Custody of the said remaining Auditors or of any of the said acting Auditors of the Land Revenues of the Crown in England or in the Principality of Wales, and also for the Reception and safe Custody of such Deeds and Instruments as shall hereafter be inrolled in pursuance of the Directions herein-after contained, and of such other Writings, Surveys,

Maps, Plans, and other official Papers as shall hereafter be deposited as herein-after mentioned; and that the Building or Buildings so to be provided shall be called "The Office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments."

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the and appoint a Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Keeper thereof Treasury for the Time being, or any Three of them, from Time

to Time to appoint a proper Person to be the Keeper of the said Records and Inrolments, and to make Rules and Regulations (not contrary to the Provisions of this Act) for the Execution of the Duties of the Office of Keeper of the said Records and Inrolments.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Keeper of the Keeper to hold Records and Inrolments shall hold his Office during the Pleasure his Office during of the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for the Time Pleasure; being of His Majesty's Treasury, and may be removed from his Office by the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any Three of them, at Pleasure.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for and to have a the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Salary. Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, to assign to the Keeper of the Records and Inrolments such Salary or other Remuneration as to the Lord High Treasurer, or to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any Three of them, shall seem meet.

10

Expences of Office to be paid out of the Fees.

Official Papers to be removed

into the new Office.

All Deeds directed by former Acts to be inrolled in the Office abolished to be inrolled in the new Office.

Fees to be paid as directed by Commissioners of the Treasury.

Deeds to be inrolled in order as they are brought in.

c.i: 2°guuelmi iv. a.d.1832.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Expences of providing and maintaining a Building or Buildings for the said Office of Records and Inrolments, and all the Expences of carrying on the Business of the said Office, including Salaries and other Remunerations, shall be paid and borne out of the Produce of the Fees to be taken as herein-after mentioned.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, as soon as conveniently may be, to cause all the Books of Entry, Records, Deeds, Instruments, Surveys, Writings, Maps or Plans, and other official Papers which are now deposited or kept in the Offices or which are or ought to be in the Custody of the said remaining Auditors or of any of the acting Auditors of the Land Revenues of the Crown in England or in the Principality of Wales% to be removed to the said Office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Deeds or Instruments which, in case this Act had not been passed, would or ought, after th^ said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three, under the Authority of the said Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, or any other Act, or in pursuance of any Covenant entered into by any Person or Persons with the King's Majesty, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, to have been or might have been inrolled in the Office of any Auditor or acting Auditor performing the Duty of Auditor of the Land Revenue of the Crown in England or in the Principality of Wales, or in the Office of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, shall be inrolled in the said Office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That such Fees shall be paid for Inrolments made under the Authority of this Act, and for Searches in the said Office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments, and for Office Copies furnished by the same Office, as the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them* shall from Time to Time appoint, yet so that such Fees shall not exceed the Amount of the Fees which have been used and accustomed to be taken upon the Inrolment of the like Deeds or Instruments, and upon the like Searches, and upon the furnishing of the like Office Copies; and that the Fees on the Inrolment of any Lease, Conveyance, Deed, or other Instrument by which any Part or Parts of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown shall be demised, granted, sold, or given in exchange, shall be paid by the Lessees, Purchasers, or Grantees, and in other Cases by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings; and a Minute or Docket of every such Lease, Grant, Deed, or other Instrument shall be entered and preserved by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, in their Office.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Keeper of the Records and Inrolments shall and he is hereby required to inrol or cause to be inrolled every Deed and Instrument which is hereby

II

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C.l.

directed to be inrolled in the said Office of Records and Inrolments in Order of Time as the same shall respectively be brought into his Office for that Purpose, and certify or cause to be certified, under his Hand or the Hand of some Deputy or Assistant for the Time being of the said Keeper of the Records and Inrolments, upon the said Deeds or Instruments respectively, when inrolled, the Fact of their having been so inrolled.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case un<Jer a of Sales where the Purchase Money shall not amount to the Sum

of One hundred Pounds, it shall not be necessary to inrol under rolled. this Act the Conveyances by which such Salts shall be carried into effect, but the Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings shall once in every Year transmit to the said Office of Records and Inrolments a Statement of the Part or Parts of the said Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown which shall have been so sold, including a Specification of the District or Place in which the same lie, and of the Sums for which the same shall have been sold, with the Names of the respective Purchasers; and such Statement shall be inrolled in the Books of the Office of Records and Inrolments.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every Conveyance, All Deeds in-Deed, or Instrument, whereby any Estate, Manor, Lordship, Mes- roUed M hereby suages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in England or Wales,

or any Term of Years or Interest therein, shall be conveyed or tolled in assigned to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or to a Trustee His Majesty's or Trustees for His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, under the Courts at West-Authority of the said Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of His minster, late Majesty, or of any other Act, shall, when so inrolled as herein-before directed, without any Inrolment or Acknowledgment thereof in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity, or any Registry thereof, be as good and available, and of the like Force and Effect in all respects, and to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been or was inrolled in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, or as if a Memorial had been entered or registered in the Office appointed for registering Deeds and other Conveyances of Lands and Tenements in the County or Counties in which the same Estates or any of them are situate; any Act, Law, Practice, or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Deed or Deeds certified Certificate, Receipt or other Instrument, which shall appear to by the Keeper have been made, given, or executed under the Authority of this of the Records Act, or of any Act heretofore passed relating to the Possessions ?h^!, received and Land Revenues of the Crown, shall have written thereon a m Evi ence* Memorandum of its having been inrolled in the said Office of

Records and Inrolments, and such Memorandum shall purport to be signed by the Keeper of the Records and Inrolments, or by any Person acting as his Deputy or Assistant, such Memorandum shall, in the Absence of Evidence to the contrary, be sufficient Proof of the Deed, Certificate, Receipt, or other Instrument having been duly made, granted, given, or executed by the Party or Parties by whom the same shall purport to have been signed or executed, and of its having been duly inrolled as stated by such Memorandum, and of the Provisions of the Act under which the

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Deeds may be inrolled after the proper Period, upon good Cause being shown.

Inrolment of Deeds shall have the same Force as under former Act.

Keeper of the Records to render Accounts to Commissioners of the Treasury.

Act may be altered this Session.

4 G, 4. c. 60.

same shall appear to have been made, granted, given, or executed having been duly complied with; and such Memorandum shall be receivable in Evidence without Proof of the Handwriting of the Signature thereto.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the Inrolment of any Deed or other Instrument, or Minute or Docket, before the Keeper of the Records and Inrolments, or the Entry of any Deed or other Instrument in the Office of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, shall be omitted or delayed beyond the Period provided for the Inrolment and Entry thereof respectively, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, for any reasonable Cause to them shown for the Omission or Delay, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to permit the making of any such Inrolment or Entry nunc pro tunc, and the same respectively when made under such Authority shall be as valid and effectual as if made within the Period limited for that Purpose.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Inrolment of any Deed or Instrument pursuant to the Provisions of this Act shall have the like Force and Effect as the Inrolment thereof pursuant to the Provisions of the said Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty would have had in jcase this Act had not been passed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Keeper of the Records and Inrolments shall from Time to Time, as often as thereunto required, render and give to the Lord High Treasurer or to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being an Account of all Monies which shall from Time to Time be received for Fees in the said Office of Records and Inrolments, and of all Disbursements made for Payment of the Salaries and otherwise, on account of the carrying on the Business of the said Office; and the Monies so received, and which shall not be disbursed as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time be carried to and become Part of the Revenues arising from the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown.

---

XXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act or any Part thereof may be altered, varied, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. II.

An Act to provide for the taking in and Payment of outstanding Lottery Tickets.

[13th February 1832.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries, it was amongst other Things enacted, that the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury should have full

Power and Authority to continue and appoint certain Commissioners of Lottery for the Period of Three Years after the Discontinuance of Lotteries, who should be thereby enabled and authorized to take in the fortunate Tickets of any and every Lottery authorized by the said recited Act or any former

---

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV.

13

C. 2, 3.

Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries, and to deliver out Certificates for the same, to be

numbered and made out in the Manner in the said Act mentioned, and to be signed by the major Part of the said Commissioners so retained or appointed, and their Secretary for the Time being: And whereas the Time limited by the said recited Act for retaining and appointing the said Commissioners for the Purpose aforesaid has expired, and there yet remain divers of such Tickets as aforesaid outstanding, and it is expedient to authorize and empower the Commissioners of Stamps to take in such Tickets, and to sign and deliver out such Certificates as aforesaid for the same; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Stamps, or any Three of them, and they are hereby empowered, at any Time hereafter, to take in the fortunate Tickets of any and every Lottery authorized by the said recited Act or by any former Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries, and also to deliver out Certificates for the same, to be numbered and made out in the Manner in the said recited Act mentioned, and to be signed by the said Commissioners of Stamps or any Three of themy and also to do and perform all such other Acts, Matters, and Things, with relation to the taking in of such fortunate Tickets, and the delivering out of such Certificates for the same, as the said Commissioners of Lottery, and their Secretary for the Time being, were required or empowered to do and perform under or by virtue of the said recited Act, within the Time thereby limited as aforesaid; and all such Certificates so to be made out and signed by the said Commissioners of Stamps, or any Three of them, and also all such Acts, Matters, and Things so to be done and performed by them as aforesaid, shall respectively be of the like Validity, Force, and Effect as if the same had respectively been made out and signed or done and performed by the said Commissioners of Lottery, and their Secretary for the Time being, within the Time limited by the said recited Act as aforesaid.

II. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. III.

An Act to authorize the Application of Part of the Land

Revenue of the Crown for the Completion of the Repair

and Improvement of Buckingham Palace.

[13th February 1832.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Management and Improvement of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, 4 Parks, and Chases; of the Land Revenue of the Crown within the Survey of the Exchequer m England; and of the Land Revenue

Commissioners of Stamps to exercise the Powers formerly vested in Lottery Commissioners.

Act may be altered this Session.

10 G. 4. c. 50.

C. 3. 2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

of the Crown in Ireland; and for extending certain Provisions relating to the same to the Isles of Man and Alderney, it was enacted, that from and after the passing of that Act all Honors, 4 Hundreds, Castles, Lordships, Manors, Forests, Chases, Woods, 4 Parks, Messuages, Lands, Tithes, Fisheries, Franchises, Services, Rents, and other Land Revenues, Possessions, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever, (Advowsons of Churches and Vicarages only excepted,) which then did belong to His Majesty, 4 or thereafter should belong to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, within the Ordering and Survey of the Court of Exchequer in England or Wales, in Ireland, in the Isle of Man and its Dependencies, and the Isle of Alderney, whether in Possession, Remainder, or Reversion, which said Honors, Hundreds, 4 Castles, Lordships, Manors, Forests, Chases, Woods, Parks, 4 Messuages, Lands, Tithes, Fisheries, Franchises, Services, Rents, and other Land Revenues, Possessions, Tenements, and Hereditaments were therein-after, for the sake of Distinction, called The Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown to which this Act relates," should be under the Management of the then present Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and of their Successors to be from Time to Time appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by His or Their Letters Patent, and the said Commissioners and their Successors should continue to be called The Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues and by the said Act certain Powers and Authorities were given to the said Commissioners for the Application of all Sums to be received by them, under the Authority of the said Act, from any Sales, Exchanges, or Leases to be made by the said Commissioners of any Part of the Royal Forests, and from any Sales of any other Parts of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown, or for Equality of Exchange on any Exchange of any of the said Possessions and Land Revenues; and by the said Act Power and Authority is given and granted to the said Commissioners to apply so much of the Monies to arise from the annual Income of all the said Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown to which the said Act related, including Fines on Leases or otherwise for or in respect of the said Possessions and Land Revenues (except from Sales or Exchanges) , 4 as the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being should from Time to Time think proper, towards the Payment and Discharge of the Costs, Charges, and Expences of the Repairs, Alterations, and Improvements of Buckingham Palace, and the Buildings, Offices, and Grounds appertaining and belonging thereto, provided that the Sum to be so applied under the said Act to such Repairs, 4 Alterations, and Improvements should not exceed the Sum of One hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, over and above the Sura of Three hundred and forty-six thousand Pounds which had been then already applied thereto previous to the passing of that Act; and, subject to the Application aforesaid, and certain other Applications mentioned in the said Act, the said annual Income was thereby directed to be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain

A.D. 1832.

2° GULIELMI IV,

C.S.

15

Britain and Ireland; And whereas the said Sum of One hundred and fifty thousand Pounds mentioned in the said recited Act hath been applied, under the Direction of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury* towards the Payment and Discharge of the Costs, Charges, and Expences of the Repairs, 4 Alterations, and Improvements of Buckingham Palace, and the Buildings, Offices, and Grounds appertaining and belonging thereto; but such Repairs, Alterations, and Improvements are not yet completed and finished, and it will be necessary to lay out and expend the further Sum of Seventy-eight thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds in the completing of such Re-

pairs, Alterations, and Improvements as aforesaid: And whereas it is expedient that the Hereditary Revenues belonging to His Majesty in Right of His Crown should be made applicable, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland^ to the Purpose of defraying the Costs, Charges, and Expences of completing and finishing the Repairs, Altera- tions, and Improvements of Buckingham Palace, and the Buildings, Offices, and Grounds appertaining and belonging thereto Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, from Time to Time to direct and authorize the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues to pay and apply any Sum or Sums of Money, Part of the Land Revenues of the Crown under their Care and Management, whether arising from Sales of Portions of the said Land Revenues of the Crown, or from the Rents of the Crown Lands, or otherwise, as they shall think necessary and expedient, towards the Payment and Discharge of the Costs, Charges, and Expences of completing and finishing the Repairs, Alterations, and Improvements of Buckingham Palace, and the Buildings, Offices, and Grounds appertaining and belonging thereto, provided that the Sum to be so applied under this Act shall not exceed the Sum of Seventy-five thousand Pounds for the Completion of such Repairs, Alterations, and Improvements, and the Sum of Three thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds for the Charges of the Architect attendant upon such Works.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money herein-before authorized to be made shall be prior to and take Precedence of the Payment or Application of any Sum or Sums of Money arising from the said Land Revenues for the Purposes of the Consolidated Fund; but the said Land Revenues shall nevertheless remain subject and liable to the Costs and Charges attending the Management thereof, and the Payment or Discharge of any Sum or Sums of Money which may be now already charged thereon, or to the Payment whereof the same now are or may hereafter become liable under or by virtue of any Act or Acts relating to the said Land Revenues; any Act or Acts relating to or concerning the said Revenues to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Commissioners of the Treasury may authorize the Application of Part of the Land Revenues of the Crown towards the Repairs and Improvements of Buckingham Palace.

Such Application to have Precedence of all others.

16

C. 4.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

50 G. 3. c. 59.

Part of recited Act repealed.

Persons in the Public Service embezzling any Money or valuable Securities with which they are entrusted, to be deemed guilty of Felony, &c.

What to be included under the Words " Valuable Securities."

CAP. IV.

An Act for more effectually preventing Embezzlements by

Persons employed in the Public Service of His Majesty.

[13th February 1832.]

WHEREAS* by an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of IBs late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for more effectually preventing the Embezzlement of 6 Money or Securities for Money, belonging to the Public, by any Collector, Receiver, or other Person entrusted with the Receipt, 4 Care, or Management thereof it is enacted, that if any Person or Persons to whom any Money or Securities for Money shall be issued for Public Services shall embezzle such Money, or in any Manner fraudulently apply the same to his own Use or Benefit, or for any Purpose whatever except for Public Services, 4 every such Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted according to Law in any Part of the United Kingdom, 4 shall be adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall be sentenced to be transported beyond the Sea, or to receive such other Punishment as may by Law be inflicted on Persons guilty of Misdemeanors, and as the Court before which such Offenders may be tried and convicted shall adjudge: And whereas it is expedient that further Provision should be made with regard to Embezzlements by Persons employed in the Public Service of His Majesty Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act as is herein-before recited shall be and the same is hereby repealed, except as to any Offences against the same committed before the passing of this Act, which Offences shall be dealt with and punished as if this Act had not been passed; and that from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person employed in the Public Service of His Majesty, and entrusted by virtue of such Employment with the Receipt, Custody, Management, or Control of any Chattel, Money, or valuable Security, shall embezzle the same or any Part thereof, or in any Manner fraudulently apply or dispose of the same or any Part thereof to his own Use or Benefit, or for any Purpose whatsoever except for the Public Service, every such Offender shall be deemed to have stolen the same, and shall in England and Ireland be deemed guilty of Felony, and in Scotland of a high Crime and Offence, and on being thereof convicted in due Form of Law shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years nor less than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned with or without hard Labour, as to the Court shall seem meet, for any Term not exceeding Three Years.

II. And be it enacted, That every Tally, Order, or other Security whatsoever entitling or evidencing the Title of any Person or Body Corporate to any Share or Interest in any Public Stock or Fund, whether of the United Kingdom, or of Great Britain, or of Ireland, or of any Foreign State, or to any Share or Interest in any Fund of any Body Corporate, Company, or Society, or to

any

A.D. 1832.

* GULIELMI IV. C. 4.

17

any Deposit in any Savings Bank, and every Debenture, Deed, Bond, Bill, Note, Warrant, Order, or other Security whatsoever For Money or for Payment of Money, whether of this Kingdom or of any Foreign State, and every Warrant or Order for the Delivery or Transfer of any Goods or valuable Thing, shall throughout this Act be deemed for every Purpose to be included under and denoted by the Words " Valuable Securityand that if any Person so employed and entrusted as aforesaid shall embezzle or fraudulently apply or dispose of any such valuable Security as aforesaid, he shall be deemed to have stolen the same within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, and shall be punishable thereby in the same Manner as if he had stolen any Chattel of like Value with the Share, Interest, or Deposit to which such Security may relate, or with the Money due on such Security or secured thereby and remaining unsatisfied, or with the Value of the Goods or other valuable Thing mentioned in such Security.

III. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to charge in the Indictment to be preferred against any Offender under this Act, and to proceed against him for any Number of distinct Acts of Embezzlement or of fraudulent Application or Disposition as aforesaid, not exceeding Three, which may have been committed by him within the Space of Six Calendar Months from the first to the last of such Acts; and in every such Indictment w'here the Offence shall relate to any Money or any valuable Security, it shall be sufficient to allege the Embezzlement or fraudulent Application or Disposition to be of Money, without specifying any particular Coin or valuable Security; and such Allegation, so far as it regards the Description of the Property, shall be sustained if the Offender shall be proved to have embezzled any Amount, although the particular Species of Coin or valuable Security of which such Amount was composed shall not be proved, or if he shall be proved to have embezzled any Piece of Coin or any valuable Security, or any Portion of the Value thereof, although such Piece of Coin or valuable Security may have been delivered to him in order that some Part of the Value thereof should be returned to the Party delivering the same, and although such Part shall have been returned accordingly.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in every such Case of Embezzlement or fraudulent Application or Disposition as aforesaid of any Chattel, Money, or valuable Security, it shall be lawful in the Order of Committal by the Justice of the Peace before whom the Offender shall be charged, and in the Indictment to be preferred against such Offender, to lay the Property of any such Chattel, Money, or valuable Security as aforesaid in the King's Majesty.

V. And be it enacted, That every Offender against this Act may be dealt with, indicted, tried, and punished either in the County or Place in which he shall be apprehended, or in the County Ot Place where he shall have committed the Offence.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered, ot repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

Different Act* of Embezzlement may be charged in the same Indictment.

As to Allegation and Proof of the Property embezzled.

Property to be described as the King's.

Venue.

Act may be amended this Session.

2 Gul. IV.

C. 5, 6.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

IS

Judges of the Court of Session empowered to make Regulations for carrying on the Business of the said Court in certain Cases *

When the Judges of the Inner House are reduced below a Quorum, they may call in One of the Lords Ordinary to assist

CAP. V.

An Act to provide for carrying on the Business of the Court of Session in Scotland when interrupted by the Death or Necessary Absence of any of the Judges thereof.

[13th February 1832.]

WHEREAS by the Laws now in force for regulating the n Proceedings in the Court of Session in Scotland no sufficient Provision is made for carrying on the Business of the said c Court in the Event of the Death, Sickness, or necessary Absence

of any of the Lords Ordinary in the Outer House, or in the ' Event of the Judges in either Division of the Inner House being

reduced to less than a Quorum by such Casualties; whereby

great Delays and Inconveniences have been suffered, and it is c expedient that these should be remedied:* Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be competent to the Judges of the Court of Session, or a Quorum thereof, in the Case of the Death, Sickness, or other necessary Absence of any of the Lords Ordinary of either Division of the Court, or of the junior Lord Ordinary acting as Ordinary on the Bills, to make such Regulations by Act of Sederunt as may be necessary for carrying on the Business of the Outer House, and that either by appointing One of the Judges of either Division of the Inner House to officiate in the Outer House or Bill Chamber during such Absence of any of the above Lords Ordinary, or by appointing a Lord Ordinary of one Division to act in such Case pro tempore as an Ordinary of the other Division *

II. And be it further enacted, That in case of Death, Sickness, Declinature, or necessary Absence of any of the Judges of the Inner House of either Division, the Number of Judges in such Division shall be reduced to less than a Quorum, it shall be in the Power of the Division so reduced in Number, and they are hereby authorized and required, to call in One of the Lords Ordinary of the same or of the other Division to sit and vote in the Inner House until the Number of Judges in such Division be again increased to a Quorum.

CAP. VI.

An Act to apply certain Sums to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

[20 th February 1832.]

" There shall be applied, for the Service of the present Year," 3,000,000l. remaining in the Exchequer, to complete the Aids " granted for 1831; also any Balance paid in by the Bank of " England on or before the 5th of April 1833, pursuant to " 56 G. 3. c. 97 .; provided, that if at any Time the Balance shall be reduced to less than 100,000l., then so mitch of the Monies " advanced by the Bank as shall be equal to the Sum by which

12 " the

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 6, 7.

1 9;

u the said Balance shall be less than 100,000l. shall be repaid;" also any Sums paid in respect of Exchequer Bills issued for " Public Works and Fisheries; and 60,000l. to be paid by the " East India Company. § 1.' '

CAP. VII.

An Act for the Relief of His Majesty's Subjects in Ireland being Protestants of the Established Church, and to repeal an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty -third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to remove some Doubts respecting Persons in Office taking the Sacramental Test.

[20th February 1832.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Parliament of Ireland c in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of the Reign of

His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for ike

Relief of His Majesty's faithful Subjects the Protestant Dissenters of this Kingdom, and to repeal a Clause in the Act of the Second of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to prevent the further Growth of Popery, as far as the same relates to the Protestant Dissenters,

whereby, after reciting a certain Clause of an Act made in the said Parliament of Ireland in the Second Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act to prevent the further Growth of Popery, it was enacted, that all and every Person or ' Persons, being Protestants, should and might have, hold, and enjoy any Office or Offices, Civil or Military, and receive any Pay, Salary, Fee, or Wages belonging to or by reason of such Office or Place, notwithstanding he shall not receive or have received the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, as in the said recited Clause is prescribed, without incurring any of the Penalties in the said Act or any other Act enacted, for or in respect 6 of his Neglect of receiving the same: And whereas by an Act made in the said Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to remove some Doubts respecting Persons in Office taking the Sacramental Test, it was declared and enacted, that the said Act of the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of His Majesty King George the Third did not and doth not extend, and shall not be deemed, taken, and construed to have extended, 4 to Protestants of the Church of Ireland as by Law established, 4 but to Protestant Dissenters only: And whereas it is not expedient that Protestants, being Members of the Established Church, should be subjected to any Test from which Protestant Dissenters are exempt be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third shall be and the same is hereby repealed from and after the passing of this Act.

H. And be it further declared and enacted, That the said Act of the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of the Reign of His Ma-

C 2 jesty

19 & 20 G. 3.

(I.)

2 Ann. (I.)

S3 G.3. (I.)

Recited Act of S3 G. 3. repealed.

Recited Act 19 & 20 G. 3. to extend to

20

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 182.

Protestants and

Dissenters alike.

Persons now in Possession of any Office which heretofore required the udcing of the Sacrament confirmed in such Possession, and indemnified from Penalties.

38 G. S. c. GO.

C. 7, 8.

jesty King George the Third doth and shall be deemed and taken and construed to extend and to have extended to Protestants of the Church of Ireland as by Law established and to Protestant Dissenters alike.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Persons being Protestants of the Established Church, and now in the actual Possession of any Office, Command, Place, Trust, Service, or Employment, or in the Receipt of any Pay, Salary, Fee, or Wages in respect of or as a Qualification for which, by virtue of or under the before-mentioned Act of the Second Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, or any other Act or Acts, they respectively ought to have heretofore taken or ought hereafter to receive the said Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, or to file a Certificate thereof, shall be and they are hereby confirmed in the Possession and Enjoyment of the said several Offices, Commands, Places, Trusts, Services, Employments, Pay, Salaries, Fees, and Wages respectively, notwithstanding their Omission or Neglect to take or receive the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, or to file such Certificate thereof, and shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from all Incapacities, Disabilities, Forfeitures, and Penalties whatsoever already incurred or which might hereafter be incurred in consequence of any such Omission or Neglect; and that no Election of or Act done or to be done by any such Person, or under his Authority, and not yet avoided, shall be hereafter questioned or avoided by reason of any such Omission or Neglect, but that every such Election and Act shall be as good, valid, and effectual as if such Person had duly received the said Sacrament of the Lords Supper and filed such Certificate in the Time and Manner prescribed by the said Act of the Second Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne; any thing in the said Act, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for continuing to His Majesty for One Year certain Duties on Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions in England^ for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

[20th February 1832.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and ' Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary ' Supplies to defray Your Majesty's public Expences, have freely ' and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty ' the Duties herein-after mentioned: And whereas by an Act 1 passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty ' King George the Third, intituled An Act for making perpetual,

subject to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein stated,

the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land ' Tax for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the several and respec-

live Sums of Money charged by virtue of an Act of the same

4 Session

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 8.

2]

Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, far the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight,

on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments

in Great Britain, are, after the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, continued and made perpetual, with a Provision that the several Sums of Money

charged upon Estates in ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares,

Merchandize, or Personal Estates, or upon any Person or Persons in respect of any Public Office or Employment of Profit,

or any Salaries, Gratuities, Bounty Monies, Rewards, Fees, 4 Profits, Perquisites, Advantages, Pensions, Annuities, Stipends, 4 or yearly Payments in the said Act mentioned, should, after the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, be ascertained, raised, levied, collected, and paid according to the Directions of any Act or Acts to be passed for that Purpose: And whereas the Sums of Money and Duties last mentioned have been from Time to Time continued by divers Acts of Parliament, and are now in force until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two; ' therefore we, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several and respective Sums of Money and Duties which shall have been or shall be charged upon Estates in ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels, or other Personal Estate, by virtue of the said Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, and also the several Sums of Money and Duties which by virtue of the said recited Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, were charged in respect of any Public Offices or Employments, or any Annuities, Pensions, Stipends, or other annual Payments, and which have been continued and are in force until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, shall be continued, and raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His present Majesty within the Space of One Year from the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several Powers and Provisions contained in an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for continuing to His Majesty for One Year certain Duties an Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions in England; and also for granting certain Duties on Sugar imported; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, for the ascertaining, assessing, taxing, regulating, paying, and accounting for the Dbties on Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions, shall extend and be construed to extend to the Duties on Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions hereby granted and continued, except ni< C 3 where

38 G. 8.C. 5.

The Duties charged upon Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions, by recited Acts, further continued.

The several Clauses of 6 G. 4. c. 9. for ascertaining and regulating the Duties extended to this Act.

C. 8.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

No Assessment shall be made in respect of the Duties on Pensions, &c. payable out of the Public Revenue, but such Duties shall be charged as heretofore, and Monies applicable to the Payment of the Pensions shall be paid less by the Amount of such Duties.

Proviso for Salaries payable in part only out of the Public Revenue.

A Register lo be kept of all Money paid into the Exchequer for the Duties hereby granted.

where other Provisions are made by this Act; and that the several Powers and Provisions in the said Act contained, which relate or refer to any Day or Time within or during or before or after the Year commencing from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-five (a) , shall extend and be construed to relate to the like Days and Times within or during or before or after the Year commencing from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, in like Manner as by the said recited Act is directed with reference to the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-five (b)9 and as if the several Powers and Provisions in the said recited Act contained were repeated and re-enacted in this present Act,

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Assessment shall be made by any Commissioner or Commissioners, Assessor or Assessors of the Land Tax, or otherwise, for or in respect of the Duties hereby granted, or for or in respect of the several Duties of One Shilling and of Sixpence in the Pound respectively charged and payable to His Majesty under the several Acts in force on Annuities, Pensions, Stipends, Salaries, Wages, Allowances, or other yearly Payments whatever, where the same are payable out of the Public Revenue of the Receipt of the Exchequer or elsewhere in Great Britain by any Officer or Officers; but that all and every such Annuities, Pensions, Stipends, Salaries, Wages, Allowances, or other yearly Payments shall and are hereby declared to be charged and assessed to the said Duties respectively to the same annual Amount as heretofore rated, charged, or assessed under any Act or Acts; and all Monies applicable to the Payment of such Annuities, Pensions, Stipends, Salaries, Wages, Allowances, or other yearly Payments shall be issued, paid, and discharged less by the Amount of the said Duties to all Intents as if the same were continued to be charged by annual Assessment, and hereby authorized to be stopped and deducted as Duties payable to His Majesty, any thing in this Act or any former Act or Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, that where any Officer wfio shall be in receipt of any such Annuity, Pension, Stipend, Salary, Wages, Allowance, or other yearly Payment payable at the Exchequer or elsewhere in Great Britain, out of the Public Revenue as aforesaid, shall also be in receipt of Perquisites, Fees, Gratuities, Wages, Allowances, or other Profits not so payable, but which are chargeable with the said Duties, it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to authorize such last-mentioned Duties, unless otherwise paid, to be stopped or detained from the Amount of the Salary or other yearly Payment made to any such Officer.

IV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided and kept, in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, One Book of Register, in which all the Money that shall be paid into the said Exchequer for the said Rates and Duties hereby granted or continued on Personal Estates, and on Offices and Employments of Profit, Pensions, Annuities, and Stipends, shall be entered and registered

(a) 1826 in 7 % 8 Geo. 4. c. 7. (b) 1826 in 7 #8 Geo. 4. c. 7.

apart

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. c. 8, 9.

apart and distinct from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majesty, and shall be carried to the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland to issue and apply the same from Time to Time to such Services as shall then nave been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament.

V. And be it enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. IX.

An Act to amend Two Acts passed in the Fifty-eighth and Fifty-ninth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for establishing Fever Hospitals and for preventing contagious Diseases in Ireland.

[20th February 1832.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to establish Fever Hospitals, and to make other

Regulations for Relief of the suffering Poor, and for preventing the Increase of infectious Fevers, in Ireland, it is amongst other

things enacted, that whenever, in any City, Town, or District, 4 any Fever or contagious Distemper shall appear or be known to exist among the poor Inhabitants, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, upon an Application to be made in manner by the said Act prescribed, to appoint a Board of 1 Health to act within such City, Town, or District, in such Manner and under such Regulations as such Lord Lieutenant or

other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary, shall from Time to Time establish; and Authority is by the said Act given to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to order any Sum or Sums of Money to be from Time to Time advanced, - out of the

growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund in Ireland, for the Payment of the actual Expences incurred by or under the said Board in the Execution of the Powers by the said Act vested in it; and it is further enacted, that all Sums of Money so to be advanced shall be raised by Presentments to be made by the Grand Juries, and raised off the County or County of a City or Town in which such Expences shall be incurred: And whereas another Act was passed in the Fifty-ninth Year of His said Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to establish Regulations for preventing contagious Diseases in Ireland; by which last-mentioned Act, in order to provide for and secure constant Attention to the Health and Comforts of the Inhabitants of Ireland, Provision was made for the annual Election of Officers of Health in each and every Parish in every City and Town in Ireland which shall contain One thousand Inhabitants or upwards, and in every City and large Town where the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall think fit to direct that such now-reciting Act shall be

C 4 4 carried

23

Treasury to apply the Money from Time to Time.

Act may be altered.

58 G.S. c. 47.

59 G. 3. c. 41.

C. 9.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

24

carried into effect, and also in any Parish, Town, or Place what-

ever in Ireland the Inhabitant Householders whereof in Vestry assembled shall think fit and expedient to elect such Officers of Health; and it is further provided by the said last-reciting Act, that all Expences to be incurred thereunder, not exceeding such Sums as shall be specified and determined on and limited and directed at the Vestry to be assembled for the Choice of the said Officers of Health, or at any subsequent Vestry to be called by the said Officers, shall be raised and levied on the Inhabitants of such Parish in such Manner and Form as other Parochial Assessments are raised and levied: And whereas the Provisions of both the said recited Acts are limited to Cases of contagious Distemper or Disease; and it is expedient that the same be extended to all Cases of Disease, whether epidemic or contagious, or of doubtful Character: And whereas the said Provision of the said Act of the Fifty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third are limited to Cases in which any Fever or contagious Distemper shall appear or be known to exist; and it is expedient to extend such Provisions so as to guard against the Occurrence of Disease as well as to prevent the spreading thereof: And whereas the Provisions of the said Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the Third may in many Cases be ineffectual, by reason of the Funds necessary for the Purposes of such last-mentioned Act being raiseable only at Vestries in the Manner of Parochial Rates, and the same may, from the Delay and Difficulty attending the Collection of such Rates, be not available for their intended Objects so promptly as the Urgency of Circumstances may require; and it is therefore expedient that Provision should be made for the immediate Supply of Money for the Purposes of the said last-mentioned Act, in like Manner as for the Purposes of the said first-mentioned Act; and it is expedient that the Powers created by the said Act 4 of the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third should be made more ample and efficacious towards the Ends thereby proposed Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

Enactments of the same, That all Enactments relative to the Prevention or Miti-recited Acts and gation of Fever or contagious Disease contained in the said herein-this Act forPre-recjte(j Acts of the Fifty-eighth and Fifty-ninth Years of the Fever"&c. shall His Majesty King George the Third, or in this Act, shall extend to be deemed and taken to extend and apply to and shall compre-r epidemic as wellhend any and every epidemic as well as contagious Disease, as as contagious fully to all Intents and Purposes as if epidemic Diseases had Diseases. been SpecjaHy mentioned in such Enactments.

Provisions of

II. And be it further enacted, That whenever, in any City, 58 G. 3. c. 47. Town, or District, the Approach or Occurrence of any Fever or extended to contagious or epidemic Distemper shall be reasonably apprehended as toIT bended or expected, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord as Actually exist-lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to ing Distemper, appoint a Board of Health for such City, Town, or District, upon and after an Application authorized by a Meeting of the Magis-.

trates

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 9.

25

trates and Householders thereof, in like Manner as by the said recited Act of the Fifty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third appointed in the Case of any Fever or contagious Distemper appearing or being known to exist; and that such Board so appointed in case of any apprehended or expected Fever or contagious or epidemic Distemper shall have and exercise all such Powers as by the said last-mentioned Act are or may be conferred upon any Board appointed thereunder, and that Money may be advanced for the Expences incurred by such Board, and the Orders of such Board enforced, in like Manner as in the Case of any Board appointed under the Authority of the said Act of the Fifty-eighth Year of King George the Third; and that all Clauses, Penalties, and Enactments by the said last-mentioned Act made or provided in the Case of any Fever or contagious Distemper appearing or being known to exist in any City, Town, or District, for preventing the spreading thereof, shall be alike valid and applicable in the Case of any apprehended or expected Fever or contagious or epidemic Distemper, to prevent the Occurrence of or to arrest or mitigate the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Officers of

for the Officers of Health appointed in any Parish under the said Health may Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King £uard against George the Third, or this Act, to guard against the Occurrence ^c '

or Approach or to mitigate or prevent the spreading of any °ny Mode pro-Fever or epidemic or contagious Disease, whether by the Means per for so doing. in the said last mentioned Act specified, or by the Supply of Medicines, Nourishment, Clothes, or other Necessaries, or by any other Means proper for preventing, arresting, curing, or mitigating any such Fever or epidemic or contagious Disease, or guarding against the Approach or Occurrence thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Lord Lieute-to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or nant may ad- Governors of Ireland, when and as Application may be made to out^f^hTcon him or them for that Purpose, to order such Sum or Sums of ^dated Fund" Money as he or they shall think proper to be from Time to to Officers of Time advanced, out of the Produce of the Consolidated Fund of Health for the the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland arising in Ireland, Purposes hereof, to any Officers of Health elected or to be elected or appointed

under the said recited Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, or under this Act, to be by them employed in the Execution of such Powers or Duties as by the said last-mentioned Act or by this Act they may be authorized or required to execute.

V. And be it enacted, That the Chief Secretary of the Lord Chief Secretary Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for shall certify to the Time being, or the Under Secretary, shall certify to the *jhc ^u^chwar-Churchwarden or Churchwardens, or, in case there shall be no s^vanc^T*11* Churchwarden, to any Two Inhabitants of any Parish or Place

wherein such Money so advanced as aforesaid out of the Consolidated Fund shall have been expended, the Amount so advanced; and it shall and may be lawful for such Churchwarden and Churchwar-or Churchwardens or Inhabitants, as the Case may be, and he or dns s^aU they are hereby required, upon the Receipt of such Certificate, Parf^1*0111

to

26

C. 9.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Justices of King's Bench or Judges of Assize may order a Levy of the Advance on the Parish in default of Assessment.

Securities of Persons engaged in collecting Parish Cess to extend to Money raised under this Act; and the Money raised to be paid over to Collector of Excise of the District.

Lord Lieutenant may require the Appointment of Officers of Health in any Parish, subject to the Regulations provided by the last-i e-cited Act for Cities and large Towns.

to call a Vestry of such Parish, whereat such Sum or Sums of Money as are stated in such Certificate shall be raised and levied on the Inhabitants of such Parish in such Form and Manner as other Parochial Assessments are raised and levied.

VI. And be it enacted, That in case such Churchwarden or such Churchwardens or Inhabitants, as the Case may be, shall neglect to call such Vestry, or in case any Vestry so called shall decline or neglect to make any such Assessments, it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of His Majesty's Court of King's Bench in Ireland, in case of the County or City of Dublin, and for any Judge of Assize in any other County, County of a City, or County of a Town, upon a Motion for that Purpose made, to order that the Amount of any such Advance shall be raised off such Parish as if the same had been duly assessed according to the Provisions of this Act; and such Order shall have the like Force and Effect as any Vote of Vestry or Assessment made under this Act, and shall be to all Intents and Purposes deemed, considered, and acted upon as such Vote or Assessment by all and every Person or Persons whose Office or Duty it would have been to obey and carry such Vote of Vestry or Assessment into effect.

VII. And be it enacted, That the respective Persons employed in the Collection, Receipt, or Custody of Parish Cess shall be alike answerable for, and that all Securities by such Persons entered in respect of such Employment shall respectively extend to, all Monies levied by Parochial Assessment or otherwise, as the Case may be, under this Act; and that all Monies raised by such Assessment or otherwise, under the Authority of this Act, shall, for the Purpose of repaying such Advances out of the Consolidated Fund, be paid over to the Collector of Excise of the District, to be accounted for by him as any other Public Money in his Hands; and thereupon, as to all Advances mentioned in such Certificate as aforesaid, such Parish respectively shall be deemed to be discharged.

VIII. And whereas the Inhabitants of many Parishes, Towns, 4 or Places containing fewer than One thousand Inhabitants, but wherein the Election of Officers of Health would have been proper and necessary, have neglected to elect such Officers as they are empowered to do by the said recited Act of the Fiftyninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, and it is therefore expedient to extend to such Cases the Powers now vested in the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for requiring such Election of Officers of Health to be made in Cities and large Towns; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, in all Cases where it shall seem to him or them fit or necessary, to direct and require that the Inhabitant Householders of any Parish, Town, or Place in Ireland, assembled at Vestry, shall elect Officers of Health for such Parish, in Form and Manner, and subject to the same Regulations, and with the like Powers, Duties, and Liabilities, as by the said last-recited Act provided in the Case of Cities and large Towns; and in default of such Election it shall be lawful for the/Justices of the Peace assembled at the Quarter

Sessions,

A.D. 1832.

2° GULIELMI IV. C. 9.

27

Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, for the County, City, or Town within which such Parish shall be situate, and the said Justices are hereby authorized and required, to itiake such Appointment in Form and Manner as they are required to do by the said last-recited Acto in case of the Inhabitants of Parishes in Cities and large Towns making a similar Default.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Lord Lieute-lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or nan* may direct Governors of Ireland, at any Period of the Year, to direct and

require the immediate Election of Officers of Health in any City, fleers ^Health Town, Parish, or Place, and Officers of Health shall be duly at any Period of elected pursuant to the Tenor of such Order, any thing in the the Year; said Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, limiting ^the Period for such Election, notwithstanding: Provided always, that such Officers of Health, whensoever elected, shall continue in Office only until the Twenty-fifth of March next ensuing their Election, and until new Officers of Health shall be elected for the same City, Town,

Parish, or Place, pursuant to the Provisions of the said recited Act and this Act.

X. And be it enacted, That where any Officer or Officers of and in case those Health elected or appointed under the Provisions of the said elected decline recited Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty or bf^ome in-King George the Third, or under this Act, shall decline or refuse h^may appoint to act, or be or become incapable of acting, it shall and may others.

be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governor of Ireland to appoint in his or their Room or Stead such other Person or Persons as such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall think proper; and the Person or Persons so appointed shall be deemed and considered in all respects an Officer or Officers of Health as if duly elected under the said recited Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this This Act not to Act contained shall be deemed or construed to abridge, annul, affect the

or in anywise interfere with any Powers, Rights, Duties, Obliga- £?^ers of Ves- tions, Liabilities, or Authorities by the said Act of the Fifty-ninth ries *

Year of King George the Third conferred or imposed upon any Vestry in Ireland, where such Vestry shall resolve to exercise any such Rights, Powers, or Authorities, but the same shall remain and continue in full Force and Effect, as well with respect to Parochial Assessments as in other respects, as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not passed.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act shall Continuance continue and be in force from the passing thereof for Two Years, of Act and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament* and no longer.

XIII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended, Act be or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in the present Session nl m of Parliament.

28

C. 10.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Lord President of Council, tic. empowered to issue Orders at any Time to prevent the spreading of Cholera in England.

Orders to be certified by a Clerk of the Privy Council, and received as Evidence.

Penalty for Violation of Orders.

CAP. X.

An Act for the Prevention, as far as may be possible, of the

Disease called the Cholera, or Spasmodic or Indian Cholera, in England.

[20th February 1832.]

WHEREAS it has pleased Almighty God to visit the United Kingdom with the Disease called the Cholera, or Spas-

modic or Indian Cholera: And whereas, with a view to prevent,

as far as may be possible, by the Divine Blessing, the spreading ' of the said Disease, it may be necessary that Rules and Regulations should from Time to Time be established within Cities,

Towns, or Districts affected with or which may be threatened ' by the said Disease; but it may be impossible to establish such Rules and Regulations by the Authority of Parliament with sufficient Promptitude to meet the Exigency of any such Case

as it may occur Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lords and others of His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council, or any Two or more of them (of whom the Lord President of the Council or One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for the Time being shall always be One) , by any Order or Orders to be by them from Time to Time made, to establish, and again from Time to Time, by any such Order or Orders, to revoke, renew, alter, and vary all such Rules and Regulations, or to substitute any such new Rules and Regulations as to them may appear necessary or expedient for the Prevention, as far as may be possible, of the spreading of the said Disease called the Cholera, or Spasmodic or Indian Cholera, in England and Wales or any Part thereof, or for the Relief of any Persons suffering under or likely to be affected by the said Disease, and for the safe and speedy Interment of any Person or Persons who may die of the said Disease.

II. And be it further enacted, That every such Order as aforesaid shall be certified under the Hand of One of the Clerks in Ordinary of His Majesty's Privy Council; and that the Publication of any such Order in the London Gazette shall, for all Intents and Purposes, be taken, admitted, and received in all Courts, and by and before all Judges, Justices, Magistrates, and others, as good and sufficient Evidence of the making and of the Date and Contents of any such Order.

III. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall or may violate or wilfully and knowingly infringe the Provisions of any such Order, or who shall or may refuse or wilfully neglect or omit to act in obedience to or in conformity with any such Order, or who shall resist, oppose, or obstruct the lawful Execution thereof, shall for every such Offence be and be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall also incur and become liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than One Pound, to be recovered in the Manner herein-after mentioned: Provided always, that no Person against whom any such Penalty shall be so recovered, or shall have suffered the Imprisonment awarded for

Nonpayment

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 10.

29

Nonpayment thereof, shall be liable to be indicted or proceeded against in respect of the same Offence as for a Misdemeanor.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all such Penalties as aforesaid shall be recovered by any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same before any Two Justices of the Peace having Jurisdiction within the County, Riding, City, or Place in which the Offence shall have been committed; and that the Amount of Penalties to be inflicted upon any such Offenders shall, within the Limits herein-before prescribed, be in the Discretion of such Justice.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, in all Cases where any Information shall be laid before them, on Oath, of any such Offence as aforesaid, and they are hereby required, to issue their Summons to any Person or Persons whom they may have reason to suppose capable of giving any material Evidence on the hearing of such Information, requiring every such Person or Persons to appear and to give Evidence at a Time and Place to be specified in such Summons; and if any Person so summoned shall not appear before such Justices at the Time and Place so specified in the said Summons, or shall not offer any reasonable Excuse for such Default, to the Satisfaction of the said Justices, or appearing shall not submit to be examined as a Witness, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Justices, and they are hereby authorized, (Proof on Oath in the Case of any Person not appearing to such Summons having been first made before such Justices of the due Service of such Summons on such Person, by delivering the same to him or her, or by leaving the same at his or her usual Place of Abode,) by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justice^ to commit any such Person so making Default as aforesaid to some Gaol, House of Correction, or Bridewell within the Jurisdiction of the said Justices, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Fourteen Days, or until such Person shall submit to be examined and give Evidence.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Justices of the Peace shall and are hereby empowered, on the Conviction of any Person before them for any such Offence as aforesaid, in default of Payment of any such Penalty as aforesaid, to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices, together with the reasonable Costs of such Distress and Sale; and in case it shall appear to the Satisfaction of such Justices, either by the Confession of the Offender, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, that such Offender hath not Goods and Chattels, within the Jurisdiction of such Justices, sufficient whereon to levy any such Costs and Charges, such Justices may, without issuing any Warrant of Distress, commit such Offender to any such Gaol, House of Correction, or Bridewell as aforesaid, for any Time not exceeding Fourteen Days, unless such Penalty, Costs, and Charges be sooner paid, in such Manner as if a Warrant of Distress had been issued, and a Return of Nulla bona made thereon, in which Case also it shall be lawful for such Justices to commit any such Offender for such

Terra

Recovery of Penalties,

Proceedings in case of Information, &c.

Justices to levy Penalties.

30

2° GULIELMI IV.

Application of Penalties.

One Justice empowered to order Payment of Monies for Purposes of this Act.

One Person in Privy Council Office to send Letters and Packets from London, free from Duty, during such Time only as this Act shall continue in operation.

Orders of Council to be

C. 10.

A.D. 1832.

Term of Fourteen Days, or for any shorter Period, to any such Prison as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all such Penalties as aforesaid shall be applied in or towards the Relief of the Poor of the Parish or Place in which any Offence as aforesaid may have been committed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Expences which may be reasonably or properly incurred in carrying into effect any Order or Orders of the Lords of His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council so to be made as aforesaid shall, in the first Instance, under and by virtue of an Order or Orders in Writing of One Justice of the Peace dwelling in or near the Parish or Division, and which said Order or Orders any such Justice is hereby empowered and directed to make from Time to Time as Occasion may require, commanding the Churchwardens, Overseers or Guardians of the Poor for the Time being, to pay a certain sufficient Sum of Money for such Purposes, to be defrayed out of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor of the Parish, Township, or Extra-parochial Place maintaining its own Poor, in which the same shall be so incurred, and in other Extra-parochial Places out of the Poor's Rate of the Parish nearest adjoining.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord President for the Time being of His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council to authorize and direct One Person in the Privy Council Office (whose Name shall be from Time to Time transmitted to the Secretaries of the General Post Office in London and Dublin) to send Letters and Packets by the General Post from London to Places within the United Kingdom free from the Duty of Postage, during such Time only as the several Clauses and Enactments herein contained shall continue and be in operation, and no longer; provided all such Letters and Packets shall relate solely and exclusively to the Execution of this Act, and of the Directions, Powers, and Authorities herein contained, and shall be in Covers with the Words " On His Majesty's Service, Council Office," printed on the same, and be signed or subscribed on the Outside thereof, under such Words, with the Name of the Person so to be authorized as aforesaid, in his own Handwriting, and provided all such Packets shall be sealed with the Seal of the said Office; and the Person so to be authorized is hereby strictly forbidden so to subscribe and seal any Letter or Packet whatever, except such only concerning which he shall receive the special Directions of his superior Officer, or which he shall himself know to relate solely and exclusively to the Execution of this Act, and the Directions, Powers, and Authorities herein contained; and if such authorized Person, or any other Person, shall send, or cause or permit to be sent, under any such Cover, any Letter, Paper, or Writing, or any Inclosure, other than what shall relate to the Execution of this Act, and the Directions, Powers, and Authorities herein contained, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and be dismissed from his Office.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Order which may be so made aforesaid by the Lords of His Majesty's Privy Council,

or

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. c. 10, 11,

or by any Two or more of them, shall be forthwith laid before both Houses of Parliament, if Parliament shall be then sitting, and that such Orders as shall be so made when Parliament shall not be sitting shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within Fourteen Days next after the Commencement of the first Session which shall ensue upon the Date of any such Order.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XI.

An Act for the Prevention, as far as may be possible, of the Disease called the Cholera, or Spasmodic or Indian Cholera, in Scotland.

[20th February 1832.]

WHEREAS it has pleased Almighty God to visit the United Kingdom with the Disease called the Cholera, or Spas-

modic or Indian Cholera: And whereas, with a view to prevent, 4 as far as may be possible, by the Divine Blessing, the spreading of the said Disease, it may be necessary that Rules and Regulations should from Time to Time be established within Cities, 4 Towns, or Districts affected with or which may be threatened by the said Disease; but it may be impossible to establish such Rules and Regulations by the Authority of Parliament with sufficient Promptitude to meet the Exigency of any such Case as it may occur Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lords and others of His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council, or any Two or more of them (of whom the Lord President of the Council or One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for the Time being shall always be One) , by any Order or Orders to be by them from Time to Time made, to establish, and again from Time to Time, by any such Order or Orders, to revoke, renew, alter, and vary, all such Rules and Regulations as to them may appear necessary or expedient for the Prevention, as far as may be possible, of the spreading of the said Disease called the Cholera, or Spasmodic or Indian Cholera, within Scotland or any Part thereof, or for the Relief of any Persons suffering under or likely to be affected by the said Disease, and for the safe and speedy Interment of any Person or Persons who may die of the said Disease; with Power also to the said Honourable Privy Council to appoint Persons resident in Scotland to superintend and assist in the Execution of this Act, and to vest such Persons with such Powers and Authorities for this Purpose as to them may seem fit.

31

laid before Parliament

Continuance of Act

Act may be altered this Session.

Lord President of Council, &c# empowered to issue Orders at any Time to prevent the spreading of Cholera in Scotland.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Penalty for Violation of Orders.

Recovery of Penalties.

Sheriffs &c. empowered to determine Complaints.

Monies for Purposes of this Act how to be levied in Burghs and Towns.

C. 11.

III. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall or may violate or wilfully and knowingly infringe the Provisions of any such Order, or who shall or may refuse or wilfully neglect or omit to act in obedience to or in conformity with any such Order, or shall resist, oppose, or obstruct the lawful Execution thereof, shall for every such Offence be and be deemed guilty of a Crime punishable by Fine and Imprisonment, and shall also incur and become liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than One Pound, to be recovered in the Manner herein-after mentioned: Provided always, that no Person against whom any such Penalty shall be so recovered shall be liable to be indicted or proceeded against in respect of the same Offence as for a Crime.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all such Penalties as aforesaid shall be recovered by the Procurator Fiscal of Court, or any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, before any Two Justices of the Peace having Jurisdiction within the County, City, Burgh, or Place in which the Offence shall have been committed, or before the Sheriff of any such County; and that the Amount of the Penalties to be inflicted upon any such Offenders shall* within the Limits herein-before prescribed, be, in the Discretion of such Justice or Sheriff, applied to the Purposes of this Act.

V. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Sheriff or Justices before whom any Complaint for the Recovery of such Penalties may be brought to proceed in a summary Way, and to grant Warrant for bringing the Parties complained upon immediately before them, and on Proof on Oath by One or more credible Witnesses, or other legal Evidence, forthwith to determine and give Judgment in such Complaint, without any written Pleadings or Record of Evidence, and to grant Warrant for the Recovery of all Penalties and Expences decerned for, failing Payment within Eight Days after Conviction, by Poinding, and Imprisonment for a Period, at the Discretion of the Sheriff or Justices* not exceeding Fourteen Days.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Expences which may be reasonably or properly incurred in carrying into effect any Order or Orders of the Lords of His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council so to be made as aforesaid shall, whenever the Occasion of such Expence has arisen within any Burgh or Town having a local Establishment of Police, be levied and defrayed by a special Assessment to be from Time to Time made for this Purpose, by Authority of the Magistrates of such Burgh or Town, upon the Persons and Properties within the same which are now assessed for Purposes of Police, and that according to the Rules, Methods, and Proportions hitherto observed in such Places in collecting such Police Assessments; and that wherever the Occasion of Expence shall arise in any other Parish in Scotland, the Sum necessary for defraying the same shall be levied by a special Assessment to be made from Time to Time, and to be collected at such Periods as the Emergency of the Case may require, upon the Properties and Persons within each such Parish, in the same Manner, and according to the same Rules, Methods, and Proportions, that are now or that may be practised and established within any such Parish for the Assessment and

Col-

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 11 — 13.

S3

Collection of the Sums payable as Conversion of the Statute Labour exigible within any such Parish either by any General or any Local Statute now in force as to any such Parish.

[Sections 2. 7. 8. 9. and 10. of this Act are the same respectively as Sections 2. 9. 10. 11. and 12. of Chap. 10. ante.]

CAP. XII.

An Act for raising the Sum of Twelve Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

[20th February 1832.]

CAP. XIII.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, as provides for the applotting and levying of Presentments off the Baronies of Saint Sepulchres and Donore in a Manner different from that provided for the other Baronies of the County of Dublin.

[20th February 1832.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the

4 Third, intituled An Act for making, widening, and repairing 26 G.S. (I.)

Public Roads in the County of Dublin, and for repealing Parts of several Acts formerly made fon% that Purpose, certain Powers were created and certain Provisions made for the Collection,

applotting, and levying all such Sums of Money as should be from Time to Time presented by the Grand Jury of the County of Dublin on and off each of the Baronies of such County, the Baronies of Saint Sepulchre's and Donore excepted, and different Powers were created and different Provisions specially made for the collecting, applotting, and levying Presentments off the said Baronies of Saint Sepulchres and Donore: And whereas the Reasons wherefore such Exception and Difference were made no longer exist be it therefore enacted by the King s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so So much of much of the said recited Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of the recited Act as Reign of His Majesty King George the Third as provides for the reIat.es to the applotting, raising, levying, and collecting any Presentment or |^ntsoffrSaiDt Proportion of any Presentment to be made on the said Baronies Sepulchre's and of Saint Sepulchre's and Donore respectively in a Manner dif- Donore referent from that in which it is by the said Act provided that Pre- pealed; sentments shall or may be levied off the other Baronies of the County of Dublin, shall be and the same is hereby wholly repealed.

II. And be it enacted, That at the Faster Term in the Year One and the Mode thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, and at any future Term, of levying such as may be from Time to Time necessary, the Grand Jury of ths

2 Gul. IV. D said *ssirni a e

34

G. 13.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 182.

that of the other Baronies.

Saving the Rights of the Archbishop of Dublin and of the Earl of Meath.

Said County shall and may appoint a Person or Persons to collect the Money presented to be raised on the said Baronies of Sairt Sepulchre's and Donore in like Manner as they are by the said recited Act empowered to appoint a Person or Persons to collect the Money presented to be raised upon any of the other Baronies in the County of Dublin; and the Treasurer of the said County shall issue his Warrant to the Collector and Collectors so to be appointed for the said Baronies of Saint Sepulchres and Donore in like Manner as to the Collector of any other Barony in such County, and such Collector or Collectors shall proceed thereunder in like Manner as the Collector or Collectors for any other Baronies of said County are by the said Act directed to proceed; and the Presentments or any Proportion of any Presentments to be made on the said Baronies of Saint Sepulchre's and Donore respectively, by the Grand Jury of the County of Dublin, shall be in all respects applotted, raised, levied, and collected on and off the said Baronies respectively in the same Manner and subject to the same Regulations as Presentments or any Proportion of Presentments to be made on the several other Baronies in the County of Dublin are by the said recited Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third directed to be applotted, raised, levied, and collected; and all the Provisions, Regulations, and Enactments contained in the said last-recited Act, and all Powers and Authorities vested in any Person or Persons respectively, and all other Matters and Things relating to the applotting, levying, raising, and collecting of Presentments or any Proportion of Presentments to be made on any other Barony in the said County of Dublin, shall apply and extend and be construed to apply and extend to the applotting, raising, levying, and collecting Presentments or any Proportion of Presentments to be made on the said Baronies of Saint Sepulchre's and Donore respectively, as if the same were herein particularly specified and re-enacted and applied thereto; and all Matters and Things which the Treasurer of the said County of Dublin, of any Seneschal, High Constable, Applotter, or Collector, are of may be authorized to do or perform in respect of the applotting, raising, levying, and collecting of any Presentment or any Proportion of any Presentment made on any other Barony of the said County shall and may be done and performed (and are hereby required to be done and performed) by the Treasurer of the said County of Dublint and by the Seneschals, High Constables, Collectors, and Applotters appointed or to be appointed in, for, or of the said Baronies of Saint Sepulchre's and Donore, in order to and in respect of the applotting, levying, raising, and collecting of any Presentment or Proportion of Presentment to be made on the said Baronies of Saint Sepulchres and Donore respectively, and shall be alike valid, binding, and obligatory On all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, as if the said Baronies of Saint Sepulchre's and Donore had not been particularly excepted and provided for by the said recited Act.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or'be construed to extend to abridge or affect in any Manner whatsoever the Jurisdiction, Powers, Franchises, Rights, or Privileges belonging to or heretofore exercised 13 by

A.D. 1832.

2* GULIELMI IV,

C. 13* 14.

35

by the Lord Archbishop of Dublin in and throughout his Liberty of Saint Sepulchres, or by the Earl of Meath in his Liberty of Donore and the several Parts thereof which are in the said County of Dublin, but that they shall be and remain alike valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not passed.

WHEREAS the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Common Council, on

behalf of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the Town

of Liverpool, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and

twenty-seven, undertook to expend the Sum of One hundred and seventy-five thousand Pounds in the Erection of a Building which should contain Accommodation for the Departments of the Customs, Excise, Post, and Stamp Offices, upon a Site offered for that Purpose in part by the said Corporation and in part by the Trustees of the Liverpool Docks; and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury engaged to pay to the said Corporation One hundred and fifty thousand Pounds towards defraying such Expence: And whereas the said Buildings have been commenced and are in progress, and an Instalment of Twenty-five thousand Pounds has been paid under the Authority of an Act passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to apply the Sum of One million l & 2 W. 4.

eight hundred thousand Pounds, out of the Consolidated Fund, to c*54 *

the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one,

and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Sessions of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient to aphorize the Payment of the remaining Instalments of the said Sum of One hundred and fifty thousand Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Sum of One hundred and twenty- Commissioners five thousand Pounds, now remaining unpaid to the Corporation of of the Treasury Liverpool for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be chargeable and charged upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of f th'e the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and the Lord Consolidated High Treasurer or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury Fund, by In-of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the stalments, for Time being, or any Three or more of them, may from Time to ereciwg Reve-Time authorize and direct the Issue, out of the growing Produce atLivmotSf* of the said Consolidated Fund, of the said remaining Sum of One hundred and twenty-five thousand Pounds, by Instalments not exceeding Twenty-five thousand Pounds in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, or in any succeeding Year, until the Whole of such remaining Sum of One hundred and twenty-five thousand Pounds shall have been paid to the said Corporation for the Purposes aforesaid.

CAP. XIV.

An Act to authorize the Payment out of the Consolidated Fund of a Sum of Money towards the Erection of certain Revenue Buildings at Liverpool [24th March 1832.]

C. 15.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1838.

* 3&24G.S.(I)

59 G. 3. c. 108.

1 W.4. c. 8.

Postmaster General may settle and establish Penny Post Offices in Ireland where he shall consider the same necessary and convenient.

Charge on Letters sent from the General Post by any Penny Post.

Rates to be deemed Part of the Post Office Revenue.

Limiting Weight of Packets.

CAP. XV.

An Act to enable His Majesty's Postmaster General to extend the Accommodation by Post, and to regulate the Privilege of Franking, in Ireland; and for other Purposes relating to the Post Office.

[24th March 1832.]

WHEREAS an Act passed by the Parliament of the Kingdom of Ireland\ in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth

Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for establishing a Post Office within this Kingdom: And whereas an Act passed in the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend several Acts relating to the Post Office and Conveyance of Letters in Ireland: And whereas an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for enabling His Majesty to appoint 4 a Postmaster General for the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland: And whereas by the Laws now in force the Postmaster General for the Time being is authorized to settle and

establish an Office, to be called the Penny Post Office, in any City or Town, and the Suburbs thereof, and Places adjacent, 4 within Great Britain, where such Post shall by the Postmaster General be adjudged necessary and convenient; and it is expedient that such Power or Authority should be extended to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with th6 Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That after the passing of this Act His Majesty's Postmaster General for the Time being, and his Deputy and Deputies, Agent and Agents, by him thereunto sufficiently authorized, may settle and establish an Office to be called the Penny Post Office in any City, Town, or Village, and the Suburbs thereof, and Places adjacent, within Ireland aforesaid, where such Post shall by the Postmaster General be adjudged necessary and convenient, and may demand and take for the Postage and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets conveyed by such Penny Post the Sum of One Penny.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Letters and Packets which shall be sent to or delivered from any General Post Office by any Penny Post shall be chargeable with the Penny Post Rate aforesaid, over and above the Rates of Postage of such Letters or Packets by the General Post.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Monies to arisejfrom the said Rate of One Penny shall, after defraying the Expences incurred, be deemed Part of the Revenue of the General Post Office in Ireland, and be applied in such Manner as the present Rates of Postage in Ireland are by Law applicable.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Letter or Packet shall be forwarded by any Penny Post so to be established which shall exceed the Weight of Four Ounces, other than such as have first come by the General Post Office, or shall be passing by the Penny Post unto the General Post.

A.D. 1832.

GULIELMI IV. C. 15.

87

V. And be it further enacted, That when any such Penny Post When Penny Office shall be established as aforesaid, every Person who shall, Post is esta-for any Hire, Reward, or Emolument, collect or receive Letters blished'no Per-or Packets for Delivery, or send or convey any Letters or Packets 801110 sn^ or from or to any City, Town, Village, Suburb, or Place or Street without the6" within or near to any such Penny Post Office, without the Licence Licence of the of the Postmaster General for the Time being, shall be subject to Postmaster, all the Penalties and Forfeitures in force relating to Persons collecting, receiving, sending, carrying, re-carrying, and delivering Letters contrary to any Act or Acts of Parliament in force as to the Post Office in Ireland.

VI. And be it further enacted, That after the passing of this Postmaster Act His Majesty's Postmaster General for the Time being may General may undertake, at the Expence of the Revenue of the Post Office of »ndertake tb« Ireland\ the Conveyance and Delivery of Letters and Packets

directed to Persons abiding in Towns, Villages, and Places in from not Ireland^ (not being Post Towns,) from the respective Post Towns being Post to which such Letters shall be carried by the Post in the usual Towns; Manner, and also the Collection and Conveyance of Letters and Packets in and from such Towns, Villages, and Places, in order to be sent by the Post, and also the Collection, Conveyance, and Delivery of Letters and Packets in, from, and to Towns, Villages, and Places in Ireland, (not being respectively Post Towns.) and to take such Sum and Sums of Money, for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for such Services, as shall from Time to Time be mutually agreed upon between the Postmaster General and the Inhabitants of such Towns, Villages, and Places respectively.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing but the Inha-herein-before contained shall extend or be construed to extend bitants of such to hinder or prevent the Inhabitants of any such Towns, Villages, P1ces may act and Places respectively from carrying or re-carrying, or employ- eret0 ore* ing any Messenger, Servant, or other Person to carry or re-

carry, any Letters or Packets to or from the Post Towns in such Manner as they have heretofore been accustomed and are by Law authorized.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Monies to arise and be received for such Services as last aforesaid shall, after paying the Expences incurred, be applied in such Manner as the present Rates of Postage in Ireland are by Law applicable.

IX. And be it further enacted, That after the passing of this Act His Majesty's Postmaster General for the Time being may, in his Discretion, enter into any Agreement or Agreements with, or take Security from, any Person or Persons applying to him for that Purpose, for indemnifying His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in whole or in part, and for such Time as the Postmaster General may think necessary, against the Expences which shall or may be incurred beyond the Rates of Postage by extending the Conveyance of Letters and Packets by Post to or from any Place or Places in Ireland, where such Conveyance shall be extended at the Request of such Person or Persons, and it shall appear doubtful to the Postmaster General whether by extending the said Conveyance an additional Expence to the Revenue may not be incurred.

D 3 X. And

Monies to be applied as Part of the Post Office Revenue.

Postmaster General may agree with any Person for indemnifying His Majesty against the Expences which may be incurred beyond the Rates.

C. 15.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Postmaster General may contract for Conveyance of Mails by British Ships, and forward the same at Packet Rates.

Stealing Bags or Mails of Letters, or stealing Letters out of such Bags or Mails, Felony.

Penalty on Persons conveying or forwarding Letters by any such Ship otherwise than through the Post Office.

Not to extend to Letters sent relating to Goods on board.

Custom House Officers to search for Letters.

X. And be it further enacted, That His Majesty's Postmaster General for the Time being, and his Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto sufficiently authorized, may contract and agree for the Conveyance of Mails of Letters by any British Ships or Vessels to or from any Port or Place whatsoever, and to forward the same accordingly, and to demand and take, for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for such Conveyance, the like Rates of Postage, and to exercise and enforce the like Powers for compelling Payment of the same, as if such Letters and Packets had been conveyed by regular Packet Boats.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall steal or unlawfully take away any Bag or Mail of Letters sent or to be sent by any Ship or Vessel so to be employed for the Conveyance of Mails of Letters and Packets as last aforesaid, or shall steal or unlawfully take any Letter or Packet out of any such Bag or Mail, or shall unlawfully open any such Bag or Mail, shall, upon being convicted thereof, be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years nor less than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Three Years; and when any such Felony shall be committed within the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty of England, the same shall be dealt with, inquired of, tried, and determined in the same Manner as any other Felony committed within that Jurisdiction.

XII. And be it further enacted, That after the passing of this Act no Person or Body Politic or Corporate in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland shall receive, take up, despatch, convey, carry, or deliver, or shall send, or cause to be sent or conveyed, or tender or deliver in order to be sent or conveyed, (otherwise than by the Post, or by and with the Authority and Consent of His Majesty's Postmaster General for the Time being, or his Deputy or Deputies,) any Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets, by any Ship or Vessel by which His Majesty's Postmaster General for the Time being, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall contract or agree for the forwarding of any Mail or Mails of Letters, under or by virtue of the Authority herein contained, on pain of forfeiting for each and every Letter, whether such Letter shall be received, taken up, ordered, despatched, conveyed, carried, or delivered, or sent or caused to be sent or conveyed, or tendered or delivered in order to be sent or conveyed, separately or by itself, or together with any other Letter or Letters or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, the Sum of Five Pounds.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing lastly herein-before contained shall extend to subject any Person or Body Politic or Corporate to any such Penalty or Forfeiture in respect of any Letter or Letters which shall be sent with or shall relate to any Goods on board any such Ship or Vessel, and entered on the Ship's Manifest.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That any Collector, Comptroller, or other Officer of His Majesty's Customs, at any Port or Place whatsoever, may and they are hereby authorized and required to search every Ship or Vessel in any Port or Place for

Letters

A.D. 18B2. 2° GULIELMI IV. c. 15. 89

Jitters or Packets which may be on board contrary to the Provisions of this Act, and to seize and take all such Letters and Packets, and to forward the same to the Postmaster General or his Deputy at the Port or Place.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases of such Penalties to be Seizure the Penalty or Penalties imposed by this Act in respect recovered from of any such Letters or Packets which may be found on board any !£e Person or such Ships or Vessels contrary to the Provisions of this Act shall ^rcon-and may be recoverable from the Person or Persons writing or ^y, *ngSsuch°n" sending or carrying any such Letter or Packet, or from the Owner Letters.

or Owners or Commander of any such Ship or Vessel, at the Option of the Person or Persons suing for the same; and in all Cases of such Seizure the Proof shall lie on the Person or Persons so proceeded against, that the Provisions of this Act have been complied with.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That one Moiety of the seve- One Moiety of ral pecuniary Penalties herein-before imposed shall be payable the Penalties to to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the Repayable to the other Moiety to the Use of the Person who shall inform or sue .^te °a^lstj^a for the same, to be sued for and recovered, with full Costs of othJr' Moiety to Suit, by any Person who shall and will inform and sue for the the Informer, same, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster for Offences committed within that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, and in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin for Offences committed in Ireland, and before the Sheriff or Steward Court of the Shire or Stewartry within which the Parties offending shall reside, or the Offence shall be committed, for Offences committed in Scotland.

XVII. And whereas an Act passed in the Fifty-third Year of The Act

the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled 5 G-4* c* 2° *

An Act to repeal certain Rates and Duties upon Letters and hall n?\beh Packets sent by the Post from or to Dublin to or from the several rolled the PePost Towns in Ireland, and to grant other Rates and Duties in nalties and Pow-

lieu thereof; and to make further Regulations for securing the ers imposed and Duties on Letters and Packets sent by the Post in Ireland: And granted by the

whereas an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His 53 G*3* c*58t 4 late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to regulate the Conveyance of Packets containing re-issuable Country Bank Notes by the Post, and to charge Rates of Postage thereon; to prevent Letters and Packets being sent otherwise than by the Post; to punish Persons embezzling printed Proceedings in Parliament, or Newspapers; and to allow the President of the Commissioners of Revenue Inquiry to send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether

so much of the said Act passed in the Fifty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third as relates to and imposes Penalties on Persons, not legally authorized, receiving, taking up, carrying or re-carrying, conveying, or delivering Letters or Packets, or setting up or employing any Foot,

4 Horse, or other Post, or any Carriage or Vessel, for such Purpose, by Sea or Land, or on any River or Canal, or in any Stage Coach or Public Carriage, has not been virtually repealed by the said Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth; and it is expedient that such

D 4? 4 Doubts

40

C. 15.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

In Actions, &c. brought for illegally sending or conveying Letters, Proof to lie on the Defendant.

9 Ann. c. 10.

42 G.S. c. 81.

Doubts should be removed*/ be it therefore declared and enacted, That the said recited Act made and passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, and the said Provisions and Penalties therein contained for the Protection of the Rates and Duties of Postage, shall not be deemed, construed, or adjudged to have in anywise revoked, altered, annulled, or varied, but that the same shall in all respects be in full force, virtue, and effect, in Ireland, as if the said recited Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth had not been passed; and that all and singular the Powers and Authorities by the said Act passed in the Fifty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third given to or vested in the Postmaster General of Ireland nominated or appointed under the said Act passed by the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third shall in all respects vest in and be exercisable by His Majesty's Postmaster General for the Time being appointed or to be appointed under or by virtue of the said Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King William the Fourth.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in any Action, Suit, Bill, Plaint, or Information which shall at any Time after the passing of this Act be commenced, in Great Britain or Ireland, against any Person or Persons, for receiving, taking up, ordering, despatching, collecting, carrying, conveying, delivering, or sending, or causing to be sent or conveyed, or tendering or delivering in order to be sent or conveyed, otherwise than by the Post, any Letter or Packet, Letters or Packets, contrary to the Provisions in an Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for establishing a General Post Office for all Her Majesty's Dominions, and for settling a weekly Sum out of the Revenue thereof for the Service of the War and other Her Majesty's Occasions, or contrary to the Provisions of the said recited Acts of the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, or contrary to the Provisions contained in an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for amending so much of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty as relates to the secreting, embezzling, or destroying any Letter or Packet sent by the Post, and for the better Protection of such Letters and Packets, and for more effectually preventing Letters and Packets being sent otherwise than by the Post, or contrary to the Provisions of the said recited Acts of the Fifty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third and the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, or any or either of them, or contrary to the Provisions of any or either of the several Acts of Parliament in the said last-mentioned Acts recited or referred to, or contrary to the Provisions of this Act, the Proof that the Letter or Packet, Letters or Packets, was or were received, taken up, ordered, despatched, collected, carried, conveyed, delivered, or sent, or tendered or delivered in order to be sent or conveyed, according to the Provisions contained in the said last-mentioned

Acts

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 15.

&l

Acts or one of them, or according to the Provisions contained in this present Act, as the Case may require, shall lie on the Person or Persons against whom such Action, Suit, Bill, Plaint, or Information shall be brought for receiving, taking up, ordering, despatching, collecting, conveying, delivering, or sending, or tendering or delivering the same.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That so much and such Parts So much of

of the said recited Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of 59 G. 3. c. io?. His late Majesty King George the Third as relates to the Postage " relates to Let-and Conveyance of printed Notices, Letters, and Papers by the ^stituUons1!^ Post, relating to the Affairs of any Charitable institution or Society pealed! °1S in Ireland, at reduced Rates of Postage, shall be and the same is and are hereby repealed.

XX. And whereas under and by virtue of divers Acts of The Privilege

Parliament the several Public Officers, Commissioners, and Per- of Franking en- sons in Ireland mentioned or referred to in and by the Schedule .by

hereunto annexed (some of them under certain Regulations and officers and

Restrictions) have exercised the Privilege of sending and others men-

receiving Letters and Packets by the Post free from the Duty of tioned in th *

Postage: And whereas it is expedient that the Privilege of Schedule re-

Franking by Public Officers in Ireland should be placed under Pealed *

further Regulations be it therefore enacted, That after the passing of this Act the Privilege of sending and receiving Letters and Packets by the Post free from the Duty of Postage heretofore granted to, and now or lately used and exercised by, the several and respective Public Officers, Commissioners, and Persons mentioned or referred to in the Schedule hereunto annexed, or any of them, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That His Majesty's Lieutenant Privilege to the General or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and his Lord Lieu-

or their Chief Secretary, Under Secretary, and Private Secretary tenant and his respectively, and the Secretary of His Majesty's Postmaster Gene- tofecretar* Tf* ral, all within Ireland, for the Time being, may send and receive post offic?* ° Letters and Packets by the General Post, free from the Duty of Postage, to and from Places within the United Kingdom.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Lord Chancellor of to the Lord Ireland for the Time being, and the Surveyors of the Post Office Chancellor, and in Ireland respectively for the Time being, may send and receive of the Letters and Packets by the General Post, to and from Places p^t Office.* within Ireland, free from the Duty of Postage.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Regulations Letter or Packet whatsoever sent by any Public Officer to whom required to be the Privilege of Franking is granted by this Act shall be exempt p^bhTofficers. from the Payment of Postage unless the whole Superscription enjoying the upon every such Letter or Packet so sent shall be of the Hand- privilege of writing of the Officer or Person sending the same, and shall have Franking, indorsed thereon the Name of such Officer, together with the

Name of the Post Town from which the same is intended to be sent, and the Day, Month, and Year upon which the same shall be to be put into the Post Office, the Day of the Month to be in Words at Length, and also unless every such Letter or Packet shall be put into the General Post Office or other Post Office, or into any Receiving House or Place appointed by His Majesty's Postmaster General for the Receipt of Letters and Packets, to

42

C. 15.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

The Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant may appoint a Person in the Office of such Chief Secretary in l^ondon to send and frank Official Letters from London to Places within the United Kingdom, free of Postage, under certain Regulations and Restrictions.

Certain Public, Officers in Ireland may appoint Persons in their Offices or Departments to send and frank Official Letters from Dublin to Places in Ireland, free of Postage, under certain Regulations and Restrictions.

be forwarded by the Post on the Day of the Date put upon such Letter or Packet, and unless the Officer whose Name shall be indorsed thereon shall actually be in the Post Town into the Post Office of which every such Letter or Packet shall be put, or within Twenty Miles of such Post Town, on the Day or on the Day before the Day on which such Letter or Packet shall be put into the Post Office.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Chief Secretary of His Majesty's Lieutenant General or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to authorize and direct One Person in the Office of such Chief Secretary in London (whose Name shall be from Time to Time transmitted by the said Chief Secretary to the Secretaries of the General Post Office in London and Dublin respectively) to send Letters and Packets by the General Post from London to Places within the United Kingdom free of Postage; provided that all such Letters and Packets shall relate solely and exclusively to the Business of the said Chief Secretary's Office, and shall be in Covers, with the Words " On His Majesty's Service, Lord Lieutenant's Chief Secretary's Office, London ," printed on the same, and be signed or subscribed on the Outside thereof, under such Words, with the Name of the Person so to be authorized as aforesaid, in his own Handwriting, and provided all such Letters and Packets shall be sealed with the Seal of the said Office; and the Person so to be authorized is hereby strictly forbidden so to subscribe and seal any Letter or Packet whatever except such only concerning which he shall receive the special Direction of his superior Officer, or which he shall himself know to relate solely and exclusively to the Business of his Office; and if such authorized Person or any other Person shall send, or cause or permit to be sent, under any such Cover, any Letter, Paper, or Writing, or any Enclosure, other than what shall relate to the Public Business of his Department, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and be dismissed from his Office.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Forces in Ireland, the Vice Treasurer of Ireland, the Deputy Adjutant General of His Majesty's Forces, the Deputy Quartermaster General of His Majesty's Forces, the Chief Officer of His Majesty's Ordnance Survey, (all within Ireland, for the Time being respectively,) to authorize and direct One Person in each of their Departments respectively, and for His Majesty's Postmaster General to authorize and direct One Person in the General Post Office in Dublin, and for the Chief Secretary of His Majesty's Lieutenant General or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to authorize and direct Two Persons, one in the Civil Department and the other in the Military Department of such Chief Secretary's Office in Dublin, the Name and Names of which said several and respective Persons shall be from Time to Time transmitted by the respective Officers aforesaid to the Secretary of the General Post Office in Dublin, to send Letters and Packets by the General Post from Dublin to Places within Ireland free of Postage; provided all such Letters and Packets shall relate solely and exclusively to the Business of the said respective Departments, and shall be in

Covers,

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 15.

43

Covers, with the Words," On His Majesty's Service, Commander in Chiefs Office," " Vice Treasurer's Office," " Adjutant General's Office," " Quartermaster General's Office," u Ordnance Survey Office," " General Post Office," " Chief Secretary's Office, Civil Department," or " Chiefs Secretary's Office, Military Department," as the Case may be, printed on the same, and be signed or subscribed on the Outside thereof, under such Words, with the Names of the Persons so to be authorized as aforesaid, in their Own Handwriting, and provided all such Letters and Packets shall be sealed with the Seal of the said Offices respectively; and all the said Persons so to be authorized are hereby strictly forbidden so to subscribe and seal any Letter or Packet whatever, except such only concerning which they shall receive the special Direction of their superior Officer, or which they shall themselves know to relate solely and exclusively to the Business of their respective Departments; and if any such authorized Person or any other Person shall send, or cause or permit to be sent, under any such Cover, any Letter, Paper, or Writing, or any Enclosure, other than what shall relate to the Public Business of their respective Departments, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and be dismissed from his Office.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Letters and Packets sent from any Places within Ireland by the General Post, addressed to the Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Forces, the Deputy Adjutant General of His Majesty's Forces, the Deputy Quartermaster General of His Majesty's Forces, the Military Secretary of His Majesty's Forces, the Superintendant of the Ordnance Survey, and the Vice Treasurer of Irelandt all within Ireland, for the Time being, the said Letters and Packets being on His Majesty's Service, and relating solely to the Business of their respective Departments, shall be delivered at their respective Offices in Dublin free from Postage.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Letter, Paper, or Thing shall be sent under Cover to any of the said last-mentioned Officers, the same not being actually and bona fide on His Majesty's Service, and relating exclusively to the Business of their respective Departments, the Officers to whom the same shall be so sent are hereby strictly required and enjoined to transmit the same forthwith to the Secretary of the Post Office in Dublin, with the Covers under which the same were sent, in order that the Contents thereof may be charged with the full Rates of Postage.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Letters and Packets sent from any Places within the United Kingdom by the General Post, addressed to the Chief Clerk in the Office in London of the said Chief Secretary of His Majesty's Lieutenant General or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, the said Letters and Packets being all on His Majesty's Service, and relating solely to the Business of the said Chief Secretary's Office, shall be delivered at such Office free from Postage.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Letter, Paper, or Thing shall be sent under Cover to the said Chief Clerk, the same not being actually and bona fide on His Majesty's Service, and relating exclusively to the Business of the said Chief Secretary's

Office,

Certain Public Officers in Ireland may receive Official Letters from Places within Ireland, free of Postage.

Private Letters sent under Cover to any of such Officers, to be transmitted to the Post Office.

Chief Clerk in the Office of Chief Secretary in London may receive Official Letters free.

Private Letters sent under Cover to Chief Clerk, to be transmitted to the Post Office;

C. 15.

2° GULIELMI IV,

A.D. 1832.

Forging the Handwriting of any Person in the Superscription of any Letter, or altering the Date thereof, to avoid the Payment of Postage, &c. Felony.

postmaster General may nominate, for Two Years, any Charitable Tnstitutionsthat may send Letters at a reduced Rate.

Rate of Charge upon Letters «ent by any Institutions so nominated by the Postmaster General from or to Dublin and any Post Towns in Ireland.

Regulations respecting such Letters.

Office, the said Chief Clerk is hereby strictly required and enjoined to transmit the same forthwith to the Secretary of the General Post Office in London, with the Covers under which the same were sent, in order that the Contents thereof may be charged with the full Rates of Postage.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whatsoever shall forge or counterfeit the Hand-writing of any Person whomsoever hereby authorized to frank any Letters or Packets, in the Superscription of any Letter or Packet to be sent by the Post, in order to avoid the Payment of the Duty of Postage, or shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or shall procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, the Date of the Superscription of any such Letter or Packet, or shall write or send by the Post, or cause to be written or sent by the Post, any Letter or Packet the Superscription or Cover whereof shall be forged or counterfeited, or the Date upon such Superscription or Cover altered, in order to avoid the Payment of the Duty of Postage, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall be transported beyond the Seas for Seven Years.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be' lawful to and for the Postmaster General for the Time being, from Time to Time and at any Time during the Space of Two Years from and after the passing of this Act, to nominate and appoint all and every such Charitable Institutions or Societies in Ireland as the Postmaster General may in his Discretion deem it expedient should be permitted to send Letters and Packets relating solely to the Business of such Institutions or Societies, by Post, in Ireland^ at a reduced Rate of Postage, with full Power for the Postmaster General for the Time being from Time to Time to revoke and annul any such Nomination or Appointment, and the Privilege thereby conferred.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Postmaster General for the Time being, and his or their Deputy or Deputies, Servants or Agents, to and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to demand, have, receive, and take for the Postage and Conveyance of all Letters or Packets which shall relate solely and exclusively to the Affairs or Business of any such Charitable Institution or Society in Ireland so from Time to Time to be nominated or appointed by the Postmaster General for the Time being as aforesaid, and which shall at any Time within Two Years from and after the passing of this Act be delivered into any Post Office in Ireland^ folded and directed, but without any Seal or Wafer or other Matter to close or fasten the same, and shall be carried, conveyed, or sent Post from the General Post Office in Dublin to the several Post Towns in Ireland, and from the several Post Towns in Ireland to the General Post Office in Dublin, at the Rate or Sum of Two-pence for every such Letter or Packet; provided all and every such Letters and Packets shall relate solely and exclusively to the Charitable Institution or Society by or from which the same shall be forwarded, and shall be superscribed on the Outside thereof in such Manner in all respects as the Postmaster General for

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 15.

45

for the Time being may, in his Discretion, from Time to Time ^>point; provided the said Letters or Packets shall contain no Cash, Bank Note, Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, Draft, or Order for the Payment of Money, or other valuable Security, and shall contain no Writing, Communication, Matter, or Thing whatever other than on the Business of the Charitable Society or Institution by or from which the same shall be forwarded, and provided that no such Letter or Packet shall exceed the Weight of an Ounce.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Moneys to arise from the said Rate of Two-pence shall be deemed Part of the Revenue of the General Post Office in Irehndy and be applied in such Manner as the present Rates of Postage in Ireland are by Law applicable.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Letters and Packets shall be delivered to the Postmaster General or his Deputy or Deputies in the General Post Office in Dublin at or between such Hours in the Day and under such Regulations in every respect as the Postmaster General for the Time being shall in his Discretion from Time to Time appoint; and such Letters and Packets shall also be delivered by the Deputy or Deputies of the Postmaster General in the Country under such Regulations and Restrictions as the Postmaster General for the Time being shall from Time to Time think fit to appoint.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Postmaster General, and his Deputy and Deputies, Servants and Agents, to retain any such Letters or Packets for any Space of Time not exceeding Twenty-four Hours after such Letters or Packets would otherwise in due and regular Course have been forwarded or delivered, and to open, examine, and search the same; and in case upon Examination thereof it shall be discovered to contain any Cash, Bank Note, Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, Draft, or Order for the Payment of Money, or other valuable Security, or any Writing, Communication, Matter, or Thing whatever, other than on the Business of the Charitable Society or Institution by or from which the same shall have been forwarded, or if any such Letter or Packet shall be found to exceed the Weight of an Ounce, then and in any such Case every such Letter or Packet shall be charged and chargeable with Double the Duty of Postage to which the same, would be liable under any Act or Acts now or hereafter to be in force in Ireland; and if the Amount be not paid by the Person or Persons to whom any such Letter shall be directed, or if such Person or Persons cannot be found, then the Secretary of the Society or Institution by or from which the same shall have been, forwarded shall be liable to and chargeable with the Payment thereof; and it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty's . Postmaster General or his Deputy or Deputies to retain any such Letter or Packet until such Double Duty of Postage shall be paid or recovered.

XXXVI. And whereas it frequently happens that Bags or Mails. 4 sent and conveyed by the Post, which may have been stolen or accidentally lost, and afterwards found or picked up, are wilfully detained by the Persons finding the same, in the Expectation of

Gain

Moneys arising* from such Rates.

Postmaster General to regulate the Manner of the Receipt and Delivery of such Letters.

Such Letters may be retained for Examination.

If Cash, Bills, &c. are contained in such Letters, or if they shall exceed an Ounce in Weight, Double Duty to be charged.

Recovery

thereof.

Persons secreting or detaining Bags or Mails lost or stolen to be deemed

C. 15.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 182.

guilty of a Misdemeanor.

To prevent Obstructions opposite the General Post Offices in London and Dublin.

Manner of proceeding against Persons for such Obstructions.

Grain or Reward, to the great Inconvenience of divers of Hifr

Majesty's Subjects, and the Prejudice of Commerce to remedy therefore the said Evil be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons in Ireland shall wilfully secrete, keep, or detain, or, being required to deliver up by any Deputy, Clerk, Agent, Letter Carrier, Postboy, Rider, Driver, or Guard of any Mail Coach, or any other Officer or Person whatsoever employed or to be employed in any Business relating to the Post Office, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to deliver up any Mail or Bag of Letters sent or conveyed, or made up in order to be sent or conveyed, by the Post, or any Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets sent or conveyed by the Post, or put for that Purpose into any Post Office or House or Place for the Receipt or Delivery of Letters or Packets sent or to be sent by the Post, and which Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets, Bag or Mail of Letters, shall have been found or picked up by the same or any other Person or Persons, or shall, by or through Accident or Mistake, have been left with or at the House of the same or any other Person or Persons, each and every Person and Persons so offending shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Misdemeanor, to be punished by Fine and Imprisonment.

XXXVII. And whereas it is expedient to prevent Obstructions ' opposite the General Post Offices in London and Dublin; be it therefore enacted, That no Hackney Carriage of any Description whatever shall at any Time hereafter stand or ply for Hire in front or opposite the General Post Office in Saint Martins le Grand or the General Post Office in Sackville Street, Dublin. or either of them, or any Part thereof respectively; and also that no Hawker, Newsvender, or other Person or Persons whatsoever shall at any Time hereafter unnecessarily stop or loiter on the FJagway or Pavement in front of the said Post Offices or either of them, or any Part thereof respectively, any Law to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; and in case the Driver or any Person or Persons having the Management of any Hackney Carriage shall permit the same to stand or ply for Hire, in front of or opposite the General Post Office in Saint Martin's le Grand\ London, or the General Post Office in Sackville Street, Dublint or either of them, or any Part thereof, or in case any Hawker, Newsvender, or other idle or disorderly Person shall unnecessarily or purposely stop or loiter on the Flagway or Pavement in front of the said General Post Offices or either of them, or any Part thereof, the Person or Persons so offending shall for every such Offence, on Conviction thereof in a summary Way before a Justice of the Peace, forfeit and pay to the Informer any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, with Costs, and if not paid, either immediately after the Conviction or within such Period as the Justice shall at the Time of the Conviction appoint, it shall be lawful for the convicting Justice to commit the Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be imprisoned for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months, the Commitment to be determinable on Payment of the Amount and Costs.

XXXVIII. And for the more effectual Prosecution of the said last-mentioned Offence, be it enacted, That where any Person shall be charged, on the Oath of a credible Witness, before any

Justice

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 15.

47

Justice of the Peace, with any such Offence, the Justice may summon the Person charged to appear at a Time and Place to be named in such Summons, and if he or she shall not appear accordingly, then (upon Proof of the due Service of the Summons upon such Person, by delivering the same to him or her personally, or by leaving the same at his or her usual Place of Abode,) the Justice may either proceed to hear and determine the Case ex parte) or issue his Warrant for apprehending such Person, and bringing him or her before himself or some other Justice of the Peace, or the Justice before whom the Charge shall be made may, (if he shall so think fit,) without any previous Summons, issue such Warrant, and the Justice before whom the Person charged shall appear or be brought shall proceed to hear and determine the Case.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That every Carriage with Two or more Wheels which shall stand or ply for Hire in front of or opposite the General Post Office in Saint Martin's le Grand, London, or the General Post Office in Sackville Street, Dublin) or either of them, or any Part thereof, of whatever may be the Form or Construction of such Carriage, or the Number of Persons which the same shall be calculated to convey, or the Number of Horses by which the same shall be drawn, shall be deemed and taken to be a Hackney Carriage within the Meaning of this Act; and in all Proceedings at Law or otherwise, and upon all Occasions whatsoever, it shall be sufficient to describe any such Carriage as aforesaid by the Term Hackney Carriage, without further or otherwise describing the same.

XL. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

His Majesty's Lieutenant General or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland.

His or their Chief Secretary.

His or their Secretary for the Provinces of Ulster and Munster in Ireland.

The Under Secretary for the Law Department of the Chief Secretary's Office.

The Under Secretary and First Clerk for the Military Department of the Chief Secretary's Office.

The First Clerk in the Office in Ireland of the said Secretary for the Provinces of Ulster and Munster.

The Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury.

The Lord High Chancellor.

The Chancellor of the Exchequer.

The Vice Treasurer.

The Secretary to the Treasury.

The Secretary to the Postmaster General.

The Adjutant General.

The Quartermaster General.

The Chief Commissioner of the Barrack Board.

The

* T3

What shall be deemed Hackney Carriages for the Purposes hereof.

Act may be altered this Session.

48

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

C. 15>16.

The Assistant Under Secretary for the Law Department of the Chief Secretary's Office.

The First Clerk of the Civil Department of the Secretary's Office.

The Treasurer or Receiver General of the Post Office.

The Comptroller of the Sorting Office in the General Post Office.

The Surveyors of the Post Office.

The Registrar of Kilmainham Hospital.

The Officers for taking the Population Returns.

The Commissioners for the Assistance of Trade and Manufactures.

The Secretary of such Commissioners.

The Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills and Money out of the Consolidated Fund for the Encouragement of Public Works and Fisheries, and the Persons appointed by them to sign Letters on the Outside.

The Secretary of such last-mentioned Commissioners.

The Special Commissioners for receiving Applications for Relief in case of extreme Necessity, and their Secretary.

The Commissioners for the Extension and Promotion of Public Works, and the Person appointed by them to sign Letters on the Outside.

The Secretary of such last-mentioned Commissioners.

The Commissioners for auditing Public Accounts, i Divisional Justices.

Charitable Institutions or Societies.

CAP. XVI.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws regulating the granting and issuing of Permits for the Removal of Goods under the Laws of Excise.

[24th March 1832.]

WHEREAS by certain Acts relating to the Revenues of

Excise it is provided that certain Commodities shall not

be removed from any one Place to any other Place without a

Permit to accompany the same; and it is further provided that

all such Permits shall be granted and issued, obtained and used,

under the Rules, Regulations, and Provisions of the Acts in force for regulating the granting and issuing of Permits: And

1 whereas the Laws in force in Great Britain and the Laws in

force in Ireland, relating generally to the granting and issuing of Permits for the Removal and Protection of Goods and Commodities for the Removal of which a Permit is by the Laws of Excise required, contain different Provisions and Regulations, 4 under which separate, distinct, and different Forms of Permits are required in Ireland from the Form of Permits in use in Great Britain: And whereas it is expedient that the Provisions of the said Laws should be uniform, and should be consolidated and amended Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all PermiU

to

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. c. 16.

to be granted for the Removal or Conveyance of any Commodities, for the Removal of which a Permit is or shall be required by any Act or Acts now in force or hereafter to be passed relating to the Excise, shall be made and granted under the Powers and Directions of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Excise shall cause to be provided Moulds or Frames for the making of Paper to be used in Great Britain and Ireland for Permits, which Paper shall have the Words " Excise Office," with any other Letters, Figures, Marks, or Devices which the said Commissioners shall direct, visible in the Substance of such Paper, and shall also cause to be provided Plates engraved with such Marks, Stamps, and Devices as to them shall seem meet, and from Time to Time may alter or vary any such Plates, and may also cause to be provided Types cast in any particular Form for the printing, stamping, and marking the said Paper; and all Permits given by the respective Officers of Excise in the United Kingdom for the Removal or Conveyance of any Commodity for the Removal of which a Permit is by Law required shall be printed, stamped, and marked by the said Plate or Plates or Types on Paper so made as aforesaid; which said Paper shall be made and the said Plates engraven and Types cast by such Person or Persons as shall be for that Purpose from Time to Time authorized and appointed by the Commissioners of Excise, under their Hands and Seals; and as well the said Paper as the said Plates so engraven and Types so cast shall be kept by such Officer or Officers or other Person as shall from Time to Time be appointed by the said Commissioners for keeping the same; and no Permit shall be printed, stamped, marked, or written, nor shall any Permit be granted, in any Part of the United Kingdom, by any Officer of Excise, but on Paper so provided as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall make, or cause or procure to be made, or shall aid or assist in the making, or shall knowingly have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, not being authorized by the said Commissioners, and without lawful Excuse, the Proof whereof shall lie on the Person accused, any Mould or Frame or other Instrument having therein the Words " Excise Office," or any other Words, Figures, Marks, or Devices peculiar to and appearing in the Substance of the Paper used by the said Commissioners for Permits, or with any or Part of such Words, Figures, Marks, or Devices, or any of them, intended to imitate or pass for the same; and every Person, except as before excepted, who shall make, or cause or procure to be made, or aid or assist in the making, any Paper in the Substance of which the Words " Excise Office," or any other Words, Figures, Marks, or Devices peculiar to or appearing in the Substance of the Paper used by the Commissioners of Excise for Permits, or any Part of such Words, Figures, Marks, or Devices, or any of them, intended to imitate and pass for the same, shall be visible; and every Person, except as before excepted, who shall knowingly have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, without lawful Excuse, (the Proof whereof shall lie on the Person accused,) any Paper whatever in the Substance of which the Words " Excise Office," or any other Words, Figures,

2 Gul.1V. E Marks *

49

Permits to be made and granted according to the Provisions of this Act.

Commissioners of Excise to provide Moulds for making Paper to be used for, and Plates and Types for printing, Permits.

Unauthorized Persons making Paper in Imitation of Excise Paper, and Persons forging or counterfeiting Plates or Types, to be deemed guilty of Felony, and subject to Transportation.

C. 16.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Forging or counterfeiting Permits, or uttering forged or counterfeited Permits,

Felony.

A Request Note to be produced for obtaining a Permit.

Request Note to contain certain Particulars.

Marks, or Devices peculiar to and appearing in the Substance of Paper used by the Commissioners of Excise for Permits, or any Part of such Words, Figures, Marks, or Devices, or of any of them, intended to imitate and pass for the same, shall be visible; and every Person, except as before excepted, who shall, by any Art, Mystery, or Contrivance, cause or procure, or aid or assist in causing or procuring, the Words " Excise Office/' or any other Words, Figures, Marks, or Devices peculiar to and appearing in the Substance of the Paper used by the Commissioners of Excise for Permits, or any or Part of such Words, Figures, Marks, or Devices, or any of them, intended to imitate and pass for the same, to appear visible in the Substance of any Paper whatever; and every Person, not authorized or appointed as aforesaid, who shall engrave, cast, cut, or make, or cause or procure to be engraved, cast, cut, or made, or aid or assist in engraving, casting, cutting, or making, any Plate, Type, or other Thing in Imitation of or to resemble any Plate or Type made or used by the Direction of the Commissioners of Excise for the Purpose of marking or printing the Paper to be used for Permits; and every Person, except as before excepted, who shall knowingly have in his or her Custody or Possession, without lawful Excuse, Proof whereof shall lie on the Person accused, any such Plate or Type; shall for every such Offence be adjudged a Felon, and shall be transported for the Term of Seven Years, or shall be imprisoned, at the Discretion of the Court before whom such Person shall be tried, for any Period not less than Two Years.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall counterfeit or forge, or cause or procure to be counterfeited or forged, or assist in counterfeiting or forging, any Permit or any Part of any Permit, or shall counterfeit any Impression, Stamp or Mark, Figure or Device, provided or appointed or to be provided or appointed by the Commissioners of Excise to be put on such Permit, or shall utter, give, or make use of any counterfeited or forged Permit, knowing the same or any Part thereof to be counterfeited or forged, or shall utter, give, or make use of any Permit with any such counterfeited Impression, Stamp or Mark, Figure or Device, knowing the same to be counterfeited; or if any Person or Persons shall knowingly or willingly accept or receive any counterfeited or forged Permit, or any Permit with any such counterfeited Impression, Stamp or Mark, Figure or Device thereon, knowing the same to be counterfeited; shall for every such Offence be adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall be transported for the Term of Seven Years, or lined and imprisoned, at the Discretion of the Court.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Permit shall be granted by any Officer of Excise until a Request Note or Requisition in Writing shall have been delivered by or in behalf of the Person requiring such Permit; and every Permit which shall be granted, without a Request Note or Requisition being delivered in manner required by this Act, shall be actually void, and shall not protect any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize mentioned in such Permit.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Request Note for any Permit shall contain the Date thereof, and the Name of the Plape from which and the Place to which the Commodities therein mentioned

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV:

C. 16.

51

mentioned are to be carried, and the Mode of Conveyance by which such Commodities are to be removed, and shall likewise contain the real Name and Surname and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons sending such Commodities, and of the Person to whom they are to be sent, and, in case of a Company or Copartnership, the Name of the Firm, Company, or Copartnership, together with such other Particulars as the Commissioners of Excise shall from Time to Time direct or appoint, or as shall be required by any Act or Acts relating to the Commodities in respect of which the Permit shall be required; and every such Request Note shall be signed by the Person requiring the Permit, or by his or her known Clerk or Servant; and no Permit shall be granted on any Request Note which shall not be so signed, and contain the several Particulars aforesaid: Provided always, that no such Request Note or Requisition shall be liable to any Stamp Duty thereon.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Permit to be granted for the Removal of any Commodities shall be made out in conformity with the Request Note; and every such Permit shall be in such Form, and shall be marked, stamped, and printed with such Stamps, Marks, Figures, and Devices, and shall contain such Particulars, as the Commissioners of Excise shall direct.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Officer of Excise empowered to grant Permits shall express and limit in every Permit granted by him, as well the Time during which such Permit shall be in force for removing the Commodities for which the Permit shall be obtained from and out of the Stock of the Person taking out such Permit, as also the Time within which the same Commodities shall be delivered and actually received into the Stock of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so permitted to be sent; and every Permit which shall not be actually used, as directed by this Act, within the Time expressed and limited in such Permit, shall within the said Time be returned and redelivered by the Person who shall have obtained the same to the proper Officer of Excise; and if any Permit shall, not be so returned as aforesaid, and upon taking an Account, by any Officer or Officers of Excise, of the Stock remaining in the Hands or Custody of the Person or Persons from or out of whose Stock the Commodities mentioned in such Permit were thereby authorized to be removed, there shall not appear a sufficient Decrease to answer the Removal of the Commodities mentioned in such Permit, then the Person or Persons from or out of whose Stock the Commodities mentioned in such Permit were thereby authorized to be removed shall forfeit and lose the like Quantity of Commodities so permitted to be removed and not removed according to such Permission, and the same may be seized by any Officer of Excise; and in case any Commodities specified in any Permit shall be removed from the Stock of the Person taking out such Permit, and the same shall not, within the Time expressed and limited in such Permit, be actually delivered and received into the Stock of the Person or Persons to whom the same are mentioned in such Permit to be sent, then and in every tuch Case all such Commodities so removed as aforesaid shall

E 2 be

Permits to be in such Form as the Commissioners of Excise shall direct.

Permit to limit the Time for which it is to be in force.

52

2° GULIELMI IV. C. 16.

A.D. 1832.

Goods seized which have been delayed by unavoidable Accident or Necessity may be restored upon Proof given.

Penalty on sending out or delivering or receiving Goods without Permit.

AH Goods removed without Permit to be forfeited, and the Person removing them to forfeit 200/.

Where Permit is not delivered with Goods, the Price to be forfeited.

be deemed to be Goods removed or removing without Permit, and shall be forfeited and seized accordingly.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Goods or Commodities shall, by any unavoidable Accident or Necessity, be delayed, and thereby be prevented from being delivered into the Stock or Stocks of the Persons to whom such Goods shall be sent within the Time limited and expressed in the Permit, that then and in every such Case the Court or Jurisdiction where any Information shall be brought for the Condemnation of any such Seizure shall, upon Proof of such unavoidable Accident or Necessity, direct the Goods or Commodities so seized to be restored to the Owner or Claimer thereof, any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall remove, deliver, or send out, or cause or suffer to be removed, delivered, or sent out, from his Stock, Custody, or Possession, any Commodities for the Removal whereof a Permit is or shall be required, without a proper Permit accompanying the same, or who having obtained a Permit shall not send out therewith the Commodities therein described, or return and re-deliver the said Permit to the proper Officer of Excise within the Time hereinbefore required, and every Person who shall take or receive or suffer to be taken or received into or shall have in his, her, or their Stock, Custody, or Possession any Commodities for the Removal whereof a Permit is required, without a proper Permit accompanying or having accompanied the same, shall forfeit for every such Offence Two hundred Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Commodities for the Removal whereof a Permit k required, which shall be or shall have been delivered, removed, or sent out, or which shall be found removing, carrying, or conveying, or which shall be received, without a proper Permit accompanying the same, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise; and every Carrier, Master of a Vessel, Boatman, and other Person who shall be found or shall knowingly have been employed or engaged in, or shall knowingly aid or assist or have aided or assisted in, delivering, removing, carrying, or conveying any such Commodities without a proper Permit accompanying the same, shall forfeit Two hundred Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in any Action or Suit, at Law or in Equity, on any Bond, Bill, Note, or other Security, Contract, Agreement, Promise, or Undertaking, where the Whole or any Part of the Consideration thereof shall be for the Value or Price of any Commodities for the Removal of which a Permit is or shall be required, and for and with which a proper Permit shall not have been given, the Defendant in such Action or Suit may plead and give in Evidence that such Commodities were delivered without a Permit accompanying them; and if the Jury shall find that such Goods were delivered without a true and lawful Permit having been obtained for the Removal thereof, they shall find a Verdict for the Defendant; and if such Commodities shall have been sold for ready Money, or if the Person selling the same shall otherwise have been paid or satisfied for the Value or

Price

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 16.

53

Price thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person who shall have paid or satisfied such Value or Price, within Twelve Calendar Months after Payment or Satisfaction made, to recover back from the Seller of such Commodities the Amount of the Value or Price of such Commodities, to be sued for and recovered by Action of Debt or on the Case in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall Penalty on forge or counterfeit any Request Note for a Permit, or shall forge forging or

or counterfeit or make use of the Name of any Trader entitled counterfeiting to obtain Permits, for the Purpose of falsely and fraudulently ^7ra^dl^nttly, obtaining a Permit, or shall utter or produce any forged, false, procuring Per-or untrue Request Note to any Officer of Excise, for the Purpose mits, or mis-of falsely and fraudulently obtaining a Permit; and every Person applying or who shall insert in any Request Note the Name of, or shall obtain mousing them, a Permit to, any fictitious Person, as the Person to whom the 500/ *

Goods or Commodities mentioned in such Request Note or Permit are to be sent; and every Person who shall fraudulently alter, erase, or obliterate any Permit, or any Part thereof, after the same shall have been granted by the proper Officer of Excise, or shall knowingly or willingly give an altered, erased, obliterated, false, or untrue Permit; and every Person who shall knowingly or willingly accept or receive any altered, erased, obliterated, false, or untrue Permit with or for any Commodities; and every Person who, having obtained a Permit, shall remove or send or deliver, or cause or procure or suffer to be removed, sent, or delivered, the Commodities specified in any such Permit to any other Person than the Person to whom the said Permit shall permit the said Commodities to be sent, or shall remove or send with such Permit any other Commodities than the Commodities specified and described therein and thereby permitted to be removed, or any greater or lesser Quantity of such Commodities; s and every Person who shall request, obtain, sell, lend, deliver, employ, or make use of any Permit, or shall procure or suffer any Permit to be requested, obtained, sold, lent, delivered, or employed or made use of, for any other Use or Purpose whatsoever than to accompany the actual Removal and Delivery of the Commodities as therein expressed, or shall produce, or cause or suffer to be produced, any such Permit to any Officer of Excise as having been received with any Commodities other than as aforesaid, or shall in any Manner knowingly or willingly use or employ, or cause or suffer to be used or employed, any Permit, so as that any Account of any Stock or of any Commodities kept or checked or to be kept or checked by any Officer of Excise by such Permit shall or may be frustrated or evaded; shall for every such Offence severally forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and all Commodities removing or removed with any such Permit in any of the Cases aforesaid shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Commodities Where Goods

shall be forfeited and liable to be seized for being or having are forfeited,

been sent, removed, carried, delivered, or received without a the Casks, &c.

-p, ?, ., , containing the proper Permit accompanying or having accompanied the same, or same> and the

for any Misuse of a Permit, or Breach of any Regulation relating Conveyance

to Permits, all Casks, Jars, Bottles, and other Vessels, Cases, used, also to

Boxes, be forfeited.

54

C. 16.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Punishment of Officer delivering out false Permits.

Regulations for private Persons obtaining Permits.

Boxes, Sacks, Bags, and all and ever)' Package and Covering whatsoever in which such Goods shall be found, and every Horse and other Beast or Cattle, and every Carriage, Waggon, Cart, Vessel, Boat, or other Conveyance, used or employed or which shall have been used or employed in carrying, removing, or conveying such Goods and Commodities, shall also be forfeited, and may be seized.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every Officer of Excise who shall deliver out or suffer to be delivered out any Paper prepared or provided or appointed by the Commissioners of Excise to be used for Permits in Blank, or before such Permit shall be filled up and issued agreeable to and in conformity with a Request Note; and every Officer who shall knowingly give or grant any Permit to any Person not entitled to receive the same, or shall knowingly give or grant any false or untrue Permit, or shall make any false or untrue Entry in the Counterpart of any Permit given or granted by him, or shall knowingly or willingly receive or take any Goods or Commodities into the Stock of any Person or Persons brought in with any false or untrue or fraudulent Permit, or shall knowingly or willingly grant any Permit for the Removal of any Goods or Commodities out of or from the Stock of any Person or Persons who shall have received or retained such Goods or Commodities, or any of them, under or by virtue or pretext of any false, untrue, forged, or fraudulent Permit, or shall knowingly or willingly give any false Credit in the Stock of any Person or Persons beyond the Credit to which such Stock is justly and truly entitled, so as to enable such Person or Persons falsely and fraudulently to obtain a Permit or Permits; or if any such Officer shall knowingly or willingly suffer the same to be done directly or indirectly; every Officer so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and on Conviction shall suffer such Punishment by Fine and Imprisonment, or Fine or Imprisonment, as the Court shall award; and every Officer so convicted shall from thenceforth be incapable of holding any Office or Place in or relating to any of the Revenues of the United Kingdom.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Person, not being a Trader duly entered and licensed and under the Survey of the Excise, shall have Occasion to remove from any one Part of the United Kingdom to any other Part thereof any Goods or Commodities for the Removal of which a Permit is or shall be by any Law or Laws of Excise required, it shall be lawful for the Officer authorized to grant Permits in the Place from whence such Commodities are intended to be removed, on such Person, or his, her, or their known Servant or Servants, declaring, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Excise or of the Collector or Supervisor of Excise of the Collection or District in which the Place from whence such Commodities are intended to be removed is situate, that all the Duties for such Commodities have, to the best of the Knowledge and Belief of the Person proving the same, been fully paid, and in case such Commodities are intended to be sent in and delivered to any other Person than the Person requiring the Permit, then on a further Declaration that the said Goods or Commodities have not been sold or disposed of to such other Person,

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 16.

55

Person, upon a Request Note sent and delivered to such Officer so authorized to grant Permits, to give and grant a Permit or Permits for the Removal of such Commodities.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Declaration made by any Person for the Purpose of obtaining a Permit for the Removal of any Goods or Commodities shall be false or untrue in any Particular or Respect, the Person knowingly making the same shall forfeit One hundred Pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Commodities for the Removal of which a Permit is or shall be required shall be seized for any Breach or Violation of any of the Laws of Excise, such Commodities shall be condemned and adjudged forfeited, notwithstanding that the Claimant shall prove that a Permit was produced when such Commodities were removing and conveying, or that a Permit was produced after such Commodities were removed and received, unless the Claimant shall also prove in such Case that the Commodities so seized are Duty-paid, or the Sale of such Commodities had by reason of or in consequence of a Forfeiture and Condemnation thereof, or that the same had been received with a true and lawful Permit from the Stock of the Trader duly authorized to obtain a Permit for such Goods; and if on the Trial of any Information, Action, Suit, or other Proceeding at Law brought for the Recovery of any Penalty or the Condemnation of any Commodities, or against any Officer of Excise for the Seizure of any Commodities, any Question shall arise whether any Commodities for the Conveyance or Protection of which any Permit shall be produced or shall be alleged to have been obtained are the identical Commodities described and specified in such Permit, Proof of such Commodities being really and bona fide the Commodities mentioned and specified in such Permit shall lie upon the Owner, of Clajmer thereof, or the Person from whom the same shall have been seized, as such Owner or Claimer or Person shall be Party to the Suit either as Defendant or Plaintiff.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever on the' Trial of any Information, Suit, or Action, other Proceeding at Law, it may be necessary to prove the'lssuing of any Permit or the Contents thereof, the Counterpart of such Permit, together with the Request Note, may in all Cases be admitted as Evidence and Proof that such Permit was granted and issued, and of the Contents thereof, according to the Purport of such Counterpart and Request Note, without producing or requiring the Production of the original Permit; and it shall not be necessary to prove any Order of the Commissioners of Excise appointing or directing the Form of any such Permit or of any Counterpart thereof respectively.

XX. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the more effectually preventing the illegal Importation of Foreign Spirits, and for putting a Stop to the private Distillation of British-made Spirituous Liquors; for explaining such Part of an Act imposing a Duty upon Male Servants as i elates to the Right of Appealfrom the Justices of Peace; to amend and rectify a Mistake made in an Act of the last Session of Parliament

Penalty on false Declaration.

Goods seized shall be condemned, notwithstanding a Permit may have been produced, unless Proof is made that the Duties have been paid.

Counterpart ot Permit to be Evidence.

Certain Provisions of 23 G. 3. c. 70. and of

59 G. 3. c. 107-repealed.

56

C. 16, IT.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 182.

Provisions as to Permits in Acts regulating the particular Trade not to be affected.

Act may be altered this Session.

[Commencement of Act.]

7G»4, c. 29.

merit with respect to the Removal of Tea from one Part of this Kingdom to other Parts thereof; and for preventing vexatious Actions against Officers of Excise acting in pursuance of the Authority given by Excise Statutes, and of an Act passed in the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend several Acts for regulating the granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance and Protection of certain Goods in Ireland, as relates to Permits, and all and every Provision in any Act or Acts relating to the Excise contained for regulating the general Form and issuing of Permits for the Removal and Conveyance of exciseable Commodities, for which similar Provision is in and by this Act made, shall be and the same is and are hereby repealed.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall be construed to alter, repeal, or vary any Act by which a Permit is required for the Removal or Conveyance of any particular Goods or Commodities, or any Enactments, Provisions, Regulations, or Restrictions in any such Act or Acts contained relating to the Manufacturers, Dealers in, or Retailers of such Goods or Commodities, or the Survey or keeping the Stocks thereof, or to the Traders entitled to receive or obtain Permits, or the Number or Permits to be taken out or obtained by such Traders, or the Quantities of Goods or Commodities for which and the Restrictions and Provisions under which Permits are to be obtained, or to the Delivery of Permits to the Officers of Excise by Persons receiving the same, or the Credits to which such Persons shall be entitled in respect of Permits; but all and every such Act and Acts relating to the particular Trade or Business in and to the particular Goods and Commodities for which a Permit is or shall be required shall, together with all Enactments, Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Restrictions, and Regulations therein, with all Powers and Authorities to any Officer or Officers to examine Permits, or stop or examine and seize any Goods or Commodities for the Removal whereof a Permit is by any such Act or Acts required, or any Persons removing such Goods, shall remain in full Force and Effect.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, repealed, or altered by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

CAP. XVII.

An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Seventh Year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend the Law of Ireland respecting the Assignment and Subletting of Lands and Tenements; and to substitute other Provisions in lieu thereof.

[24th March 1832.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Seventh Year of the ' Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend the Law of Ireland respecting the Assign-

merit

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 17.

57

1 ment and Subletting of Lands and Tenements: And whereas it is

expedient that the said Act should be repealed, and that such

of the Provisions thereof as have been found beneficial should be re-enacted, with certain Amendments Be it therefore enacted by the King s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act be and the same Recited Act is hereby repealed from and after the First Day of Mag in the repealed.

Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two,

save and except as herein-after otherwise provided.

II. And be it enacted, That where Lands or Tenements in Where Lands

Ireland are or shall be holden by virtue of any Lease, Instru- are held under ment, or Agreement in Writing, which Lease, Agreement, or Instrument doth or shall contain any Condition, Clause, or Cove- J1b^an

nant prohibiting, controlling, or regulating the Assignment or letting, no Subletting of the Lands or Tenements demised or agreed to be future Act of demised thereby, or of any Part thereof, no Act, Matter, or Thing the Landlord whatever hereafter to be done or acquiesced in by the Lessor ^W^ve^of1^ or Lessors, Person or Persons contracting to lease by such Deed, such^ovenant Instrument, or Agreement, or by his or their Heirs, Executors, unless he be Administrators, or Assigns, shall be deemed, taken, or construed a Party to the in any Court of Law or Equity to be or amount to a Waiver of Instrument of the Benefit of any such Condition, Clause, or Covenant; and that

in any Action or Actions for the Breach of any such Condition, be given in Clause, or Covenant, the Benefit of which Condition, Clause, or Writing. Covenant has not been heretofore waived, such Lessor or Lessors, contracting Party or Parties, and his and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall be entitled to recover the Possession of such Lands or Tenements by virtue of any such Condition, or any Penalty for such future Breach of any such Condition, Clause, or Covenant, according to the Provisions of the same respectively, unless it shall be expressly proved that such Assignment or Subletting was made with the Consent of such Lessor or Lessors, contracting Party or Parties, his or their Heirs,

Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, testified, where such Assignment or Subletting shall be by Deed or written Instrument, by his or their being a Party to and signing and sealing such Deed or written Instrument, or some other Deed or Instrument containing such Consent, or, where such Assignment or Subletting shall not be by Deed or written Instrument, testified by his or their Consent in Writing, or unless the Benefit of such Condition, Clause, or Covenant shall have been expressly waived by some Writing signed by the Party or Parties entitled to the Benefit thereof; and every such Assignment or Subletting, and every Lease, Deed, or Instrument, or other Agreement or Proceeding, whereby such Assignment or Subletting shall be made without such Consent as aforesaid, and testified as aforesaid, shall be and be deemed wholly null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any actual Particular or Waiver so to be made and testified as aforesaid of the Benefit of special Waiver any Condition, Clause, or Covenant in any Lease or Instrument *haI|"t*end

C. 17.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

nor be deemed a general Waiver.

Lessee subletting without Consent shall not have any Remedy for the Rent or Occupation of the Land.

Persons holding Lands under an Assignment, with Consent of Lessor, and paying Rent to the Party subletting, shall be acquitted against the Lessor so consenting, or any Person deriving Title under him.

On Failure of Payment of the Rent by the

or Agreement as aforesaid, or of the Benefit of this Act, on the Part of the Lessor or Lessors, Party or Parties contracting to lease, or his or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall be proved to have taken place in any one particular Instance, such actual Waiver shall not be assumed or deemed or construed to extend to any Instance, or to any Breach or Breaches of Covenant, Clause, or Condition, other than that to which such Waiver shall specially relate, nor to be a general Waiver of the Benefit of any such Covenant, Clause, or Condition, or of the Benefit of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases the Person assigning or subletting contrary to this Act, without such Consent signified as herein-before directed, shall not have or be entitled to any Remedy, by Distress or otherwise, for the Recovery of any Rent or Sum reserved in and by any Deed, written Instrument, or other Agreement by which such Subletting or Assignment shall be made, or for the Occupation of any of the Lands or Tenements so assigned or subletten, or for the Recovery of such Lands; any thing in any such Deed, Instrument, or Agreement, or any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Person or Persons, being seised or possessed of any Lands or Tenements in Ireland, (not being situate within any City, Town, or Borough, or the Liberties thereof,) under any Assignment or Subletting duly made of or under any Lease or Demise to be hereafter made for any Term not exceeding Three Lives or Thirty-one Years from the Commencement thereof, and upon which a Rent equal to Three Fourths of the Annual Value of the demised Premises shall have been reserved, save and except Ecclesiastical Leases, and Leases held under any Corporation, and Leases containing any Covenant or Compact for Renewal, shall, at any Time after the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, duly pay and satisfy the Rent due from such Person or Persons, his or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to the Person or Persons, or his or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, who shall have so assigned or sublet such Lands or Tenements, the Receipt of such Person or Persons so assigning or subletting, or of his or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall be a full and sufficient Discharge to such Person or Persons who shall have paid such Rent, and to his and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, as well against the Person or Persons so assigning or subletting, as also against the Lessor or Lessors or Person or Persons contracting with the Person or Persons so assigning or subletting; and the Person or Persons so having paid such Rent, or his or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or his or their Goods, Chattels, or Effects, Lands or Tenements, shall not be subject or liable to the Payment of or to any Distress or other Remedy for any Rent due to such Lessor or Lessors, or to any Person or Persons deriving under him, her, or them, save as herein-after mentioned.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in any Case in which any Lessee or Lessees of any such Lease as aforesaid, or the Heirs, Executors, or Administrators of any such Lessee or Lessees,

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 17.

59

Lessees, shall not duly pay the Rent reserved in and by the Lease or Instrument under which such Lands or Tenements shall be held by such Lessee or Lessees to the Party or Parties entitled to receive the same, it shall be lawful for the Party or Parties entitled to such Rent, at any Time when there shall be due to him, her, or them Two or more full Gales or Portions of the Rent reserved in such Lease or Instrument, to give Notice in Writing, in the Form contained in the Schedule annexed to this Act, to all and every Person or Persons who shall be then in occupation of the Lands and Tenements which shall have been assigned or sublet as aforesaid, requiring each and every such Person and such Persons to pay to the Party or Parties giving such Notice the Rent reserved upon the Holding or Holdings of any and every such Person or Persons respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Delivery of such Notice to any Person or Persons in occupation of any such Lands or Tenements as aforesaid, (by being left at the House or usual Place of Abode of any and every such Person or Persons, either with such Person or Persons, or with some of the Family of such Person or Persons respectively above the Age of Sixteen Years,) every such Person and such Persons shall pay to the Landlord or Landlords giving such Notice, or to his or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, all and every Sums and Sum whatsoever due or to grow due for Rent from such Person or Persons to the Lessee or Lessees so having assigned or subletten as aforesaid, or to his or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns; and from and after such Notice as aforesaid, and until the Satisfaction of all the Sums due to the Person or Persons giving such Notice on account of all Rent due from such Lessee or Lessees having so assigned or subletten as aforesaid, the Receipt of the Person or Persons giving such Notice, or his or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall be a full and sufficient Discharge to the Person or Persons in the Occupation of such Lands or Tenements who shall have paid such Rent, and to his and their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, against the Person having so assigned or subletten as aforesaid, or his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators; and the Person or Persons so having paid such Rent, or his or their Executors or Administrators, or his or their Goods, Chattels, or Effects, Lands or Tenements, shall not be subject or liable to the Payment of any Rent, or to any Distress or other Remedy for the same, to any Person or Persons under whom such Person or Persons may hold by reason of any such Assignment or Subletting as aforesaid, until such Satisfaction as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Delivery of such Notice as aforesaid, and until the Satisfaction of all Rent and Arrears of Rent due to the Party or Parties giving such Notice, or his or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, he and they shall have and enjoy all such Rights, Powers, and Authorities for the recovering and enforcing the Payment of any Rent due and payable by any Person or Persons occupying the Lands so assigned or sublet in manner aforesaid as could or might have been enjoyed, or as could or

might

Party assigning, the Landlord may give Notice to Sub-tenants to pay their Rents to him.

After such Notice, Subtenants shall pay to the superior Landlord, and his Receipt shall be their Discharge to all Parties.

Landlord giving Notice shall have Power to recover Rents.,

60

C. 17.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Assignees of Leases containing Covenant against assigning and subletting liable to Covenants in original Lease.

This Act not to extend to Leases or Agreements made between 1st June 1826 and 1st May 1832.

Powers of recited Act as to such Leases to remain in force.

might have been legally exercised or enforced against any such Person or Persons respectively, by the Party or Parties so assigning or subletting in manner aforesaid; any thing in this Act, or any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That where, under any Assignment from any Sheriff by virtue of any Execution, or under any Assignment from any Executors or Administrators, or from any Assignee or Assignees of any Bankrupt or Insolvent, or by Operation of Law, Devise, or otherwise, any Person or Persons shall be legally or equitably seised or possessed of any Lands or Tenements held under any Lease or Demise made after the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, and containing any Clauses, Conditions, or Covenants against Assignment or Subletting, such Person or Persons so deriving shall hold such Lands and Tenements subject to the said Clauses, Conditions, and Covenants in such Lease or Demise contained, and that as fully as if such Person or Persons had been the original Lessees therein: Provided always, that where Two or more Persons shall together become seised or possessed, in manner aforesaid, of any Lands or Tenements so demised as aforesaid, such Persons shall take and hold the same as Joint Tenants, and not as Tenants in Common; and that it shall not be lawful for such Persons, or any of them, by any Deed, Matter, or Thing, to assign such Lands or Tenements, save as herein-after provided, nor to sever such Tenancy, nor to sue out or demand, or procure to be issued, any Writ of Partition, or any Writ or Process in the Nature of a Writ of Partition; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to disable any One or more of such Persons from assigning to any other or others of such Persons his or their Estate and Interest, the same remaining subject, after such Assignment, to such and the like Restraints and Incidents as attached upon the same before such Assignment.

X. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any Lease, Instrument, or Agreement for a Lease made at any Time since the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-six, or to be made before the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two; and that all Leases, Instruments, and Agreements made or to be made in and during such Interval, and all Covenants, Clauses, and Conditions contained in such Leases, Instruments, and Agreements, shall be and remain subject to, and be construed and governed by, the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty.

XI. And it is hereby enacted, That so much and such Parts of the said Act as respects such Leases, Instruments, or Agreements, and all Covenants therein contained, shall be and remain in full Force and Effect, any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that this Act shall not extend to any Lease or Demise containing any Covenant or Agreement for perpetual Renewal, or to any Lease for the Term of Nine hundred or any greater Number of Years.

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 17, 18.

61

XII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Form of Notice from a superior Landlord or Landlords to the Sub-tenant or Sub-tenants of such Landlord's or Landlords' immediate Lessee or Lessees.

To A.B.

[or et cetera.]

TTAKE notice, That I [or we], the undersigned C.D., superior Landlord [or Landlords] of the Lands and Tenements under-letten to you by E.F.

[or, et cetera], do hereby require you to pay to me [or us] the said C.D.

[or, et cetera], or to my [or our] Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, all Rent and Arrears of Rent payable by you for the said Lands and Tenements, until all Sums due from the said E.F.

[or, et cetera] for his [or their] Rent of the said Lands and Tenements shall be fully paid and satisfied to me [or us], or my [or our] Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns.

Witness my Hand [or our Hands] this Day of

in the Year

To A.B. of C.D.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for continuing an Act passed in the First Year of His present Majesty, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, (a.) [24th March 1832.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, which said Act was to continue in force for certain Periods therein specified: And whereas it is

judged necessary by His Majesty and this present Parliament

that a Body of Forces should be maintained, to the Thirty-first Day of March, for the Safety of the United Kingdom, the Defence of the Possessions of His Majesty's Crown, and the t Preservation of the Balance of Power in Europe, and that the whole Number of such Forces should consist of Eighty-nine thousand four hundred and eighty-three Men; and it is therefore expedient that the said Act should be continued as hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein contained, shall be and continue in force within Great Britain from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred

(a) See Chap. 28.

and

Act may be altered this Session.

1 W.4. c. 15.

Recited Act continued for the Terms herein mentioned.

62

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Articles of War, /fee. made under recited Act to remain in force.

Act may be altered thia Session.

I W. 4. c. 14.

C. 18, 19.

and thirty-two inclusive until the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two; and shall be and continue in force within Ireland, and in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Isle of Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two inclusive until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two; and shall be and continue in force within the Garrison of Gibraltar, the Mediterranean, and in Spain and Portugal, from the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two inclusive until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two; and shall be and continue in force in all other Parts of Europe where His Majesty's Forces may be serving, and in the West Indies and America, from the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two inclusive until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two; and shall be and continue in force within the Cape of Good Hope, the Isle of France and Bourbon, and Islands thereto belonging, Saint Helena, and the Western Coast of Africa, from the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two inclusive until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three; and shall be and continue in force in all other Places from the First Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three inclusive until the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were respectively, severally, and separately repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That any Articles of War formed, made, and established, and any Court-martial Warrants signed and issued, by virtue of the Powers given by the said Act, by His Majesty, shall be and remain in full Force within Great Britain and the several other Parts and Places, and for the several Terms herein-before mentioned, taring the Continuance of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for continuing an Act passed in the First Year of His present Majesty, for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore, (a) [24th March 1882.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the

Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore, i which said Act was to continue in force for certain Periods

therein specified: And whereas it is judged necessary, by His Majesty and this present Parliament, that a Body of Royal ' Marine Forces should be maintained to the Thirty-first Day ' of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two; and it ' is therefore expedient that the said Act should be continued as

(a) See Chap. 23.

herein-

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 19, 20.

63

1 herein-after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein contained, shall be and continue in force within Great Britain from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two until the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two inclusive; and shall be and continue in force within Ireland from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two inclusive; and shall be and continue in force within the Garrison of Gibraltar, and in Spain and Portugal, from the Twenty-fifth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two until the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two inclusive; and in all other Parts of Europe where Royal Marine Forces may be serving, and the West Indies, and North America, and the Cape of Good Hope, from the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two until the Twenty-fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two inclusive; and in all other Places from the Twenty-fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two to the Twenty-fifth- Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two inclusive, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were respectively, severally, and separately repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XX.

An Act to provide for the Sale, Manufacture, and Consumption of Tobacco grown in Ireland before the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

[24th March 1832.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the First and Second Years

of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to

repeal an Act of the Nineteenth Year of King George the Third\ for repealing so much, of several Acts as prohibit the Growth and ' Produce of Tobacco in Ireland, and to permit the Importation of Tobacco of the Growth and Produce of that Kingdom into Great Britain, certain Acts passed in the Reign of King Charles the ' Second, and all and every other Act and Acts of Parliament

which had since passed for prohibiting the Growth and Production of Tobacco, were revived in and extended to Ireland; and the Growth and Production of Tobacco in Ireland were by the ' said recited Act of His Majesty's Reign prohibited: And whereas by the said recited Act it is, amongst other things, provided and further enacted, that nothing in that Act contained

shall impede or hinder, or be deemed or construed to impede

or

Recited Act continued for the Terms herein mentioned.

Act may be altered this Session.

1 & 2 W. 4.

c. 13.

C. 20.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Persons having Irish Tobacco in their Possession to give Notice thereof to the Supervisor of Excise before 15th April 1832.

Supervisor to attend and weigh it;

and the Party to make a Declaration in Form following.

Supervisor to ITive a Certifi- .

or hinder, the Sale, Manufacture, or Consumption of any Tobacco, the Growth of Ireland, which shall have been actually grown in Ireland before the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, but that it shall be lawful to sell,

manufacture, and consume all Tobacco already grown in Ireland,

or which shall have been actually grown in Ireland before the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, as if that Act had not been passed: And whereas

by reason of Doubts entertained whether, before the passing of the said recited Act, Manufacturers of Tobacco could legally manufacture Tobacco the Growth of Ireland, it has been found difficult to carry into effect the said Provision for allowing the Sale, Manufacture, and Consumption of Tobacco grown in Ireland before the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two; and it is therefore expedient to provide Regulations under which the Sale, Manufacture, and Consumption of such Tobacco may be allowed without Injury to the Revenue Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person having in his Custody or Possession any Tobacco of the Growth or Production of Ireland shall, before the Fifteenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, give or send Notice in Writing under his Hand to the Supervisor of Excise of the District in which such Person shall reside, or in which his Tobacco shall be stored or kept, containing a true and just Account of all Tobacco the Growth or Production of Ireland, and the Weight thereof, that such Person shall then have in his Custody or Possession, and shall also, in such Notice, require the said Supervisor to attend, at a Time and Place to be therein specified, in order to weigh such Tobacco; and the said Supervisor, having received such Notice, shall, at the Time specified, or as soon after as his other Duties will permit, attend at such Place, with One or more Officer or Officers of Excise, as may be necessary, and shall weigh and take an Account of all such Tobacco as shall be produced to him; and when all such Tobacco shall have been weighed and taken an Account of, the Person in whose Custody or Possession the same shall be shall, in the Presence of the Supervisor, make and sign a Declaration in Writing* in the Form following:

J do declare, That the Tobacco weighed and

taken an Account of by Supervisor of Excise,

and being Pounds Weight, is all the Tobacco

now in my Custody or Possession, and that all the said Tobacco is of the Growth and Production of Ireland, and was grown ' and produced before the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

4 Signed this One thousand eight hundred and thirty . Declared in the Presence of

4 Supervisor of Excise. '

And thereupon such Supervisor shall make out and deliver to such Person a Certificate in Writing, setting forth the Quantity

9 " of

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 20.

65

of such Tobacco, and that the same has been weighed and taken an Account of by him, and shall sign such Certificate; and every Person who shall make any false or untrue Declaration in any Particular shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

II. And be it further enacted, That when any Person having Tobacco of Irish Growth in his Possession shall be desirous of removing the same, such Person shall, by a Request Note, specifying the Quantity of Tobacco to be removed, the Person and Place from whence and the Place to which and the Person to whom the same is to be sent, and the Mode of Conveyance, require the Officer of Excise to grant a Permit for the Removal of the same, and shall, together with such Request Note, produce to the Officer the Certificate of the Supervisor of Excise of the Quantity of Tobacco in the Custody or Possession of the Person requiring the Permit; and the Officer of Excise, being satisfied that the Person requiring the Permit is entitled to receive the same, shall thereupon grant a Permit for the Removal of the Quantity of Tobacco specified in the Request Note, and shall also at the same Time, and before redelivering the Certificate to the Person producing the same, indorse on such Certificate, in Words at Length, the Quantity of Tobacco for which such Permit is required or granted, and the Date of such Permit: Provided always, that no such Permit shall be granted for the Removal of- any such Tobacco to any other Person than a Manufacturer of Tobacco duly entered and licensed in Ireland.

III. And be it further enacted, That when andas soon as Permits shall have been granted for the Removal of all the Tobacco mentioned in any such Certificate, such Certificate shall cease to be in force; and the Officer of Excise who shall grant the last Permit by which the Credit of such Certificate shall be exhausted shall, after indorsing the same with the Quantity permitted, retain the same, and deliver it to the Supervisor of Excise, who shall thereupon return such Certificate to the Commissioners of Excise.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Tobacco of the Growth of Ireland, which shall be received into the Stock of any Manufacturer of Tobacco, may and shall be manufactured, sold, and consumed in the same Manner, and under the same Laws, Rules, and Regulations, and subject to the same Penalties and Forfeitures, as any other Tobacco may be manufactured, sold, and consumed in Ireland.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Tobacco the Growth or Production of Ireland shall be manufactured and consumed in Ireland only; and that no such Tobacco, either manufactured or unmanufactured, mixed or unmixed with any other Tobacco, shall be removed into any Part of Great Britain, or entered for Exportation to Foreign Parts, or to Guernsey, Jersey, or the Isle of Man, as Merchandize, but that all such Tobacco so removed or entered for Exportation shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Customs or Excise.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act no Tobacco of Irish Growth shall be sent out, removed, or received without a Permit; and in every Permit to be granted for the Removal of any such Tobacco, such Tobacco shall be described as Irish Tobacco; and from and after the said Fifteenth

2 Gul. IV. F Day

cate of the Quantity.

Permits to be granted for Removal of the Tobacco to a licensed Manufacturer.

When Quantity mentioned in Certificate is exhausted by Permits, the Certificate to be out of force.

Irish Tobacco to be manufactured as other Tobacco.

All Tobacco of Irish Growth to be consumed in Ireland.

Not to be removed but by Permit.

C. 20, 21.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832

Penalty on counterfeiting or altering Certificate.

h e Treasury may buy up Tobacco to be destroyed, if it shall be deemed expedient so to do.

After 1st January 1834, Part of the recited Act of 1 & 2 W. 4. repealed, and this Act then to determine.

Act may be altered this Session.

Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two all Tobacco the Growth or Production of Ireland which shall be found in the Stock, Custody, or Possession of any Manufacturer of Tobacco, not having been received with a Permit, or in the Custody or Possession of any other Person without a Certificate signed by the Supervisor of Excise, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall forge or counterfeit any Certificate, or who shall alter, erase, obliterate, or destroy any Certificate or any Part thereof, or who shall produce to any Officer of Excise, or make use of, any forged, counterfeited, altered, erased, or obliterated Certificate, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time hereafter it shall seem expedient to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland that the Whole or any Part of the Quantity of Tobacco of the Growth or Production of Ireland should be bought up and destroyed, it shall be lawful for the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to authorize the Commissioners of Excise to contract and agree with any Person or Persons for the Purchase of the Whole or any Part of such Tobacco which may then be in the Custody or Possession of any such Person or Persons, at a Rate or Price not exceeding Two Shillings per Pound, and to direct that all such Tobacco, when so purchased, shall be destroyed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four so much of the said recited Act of the First and Second Years of His Majesty's Reign as provides and enacts, that nothing therein contained shall impede or hinder, or be deemed or construed to impede or hinder, the Sale, Manufacture, or Consumption of any Tobacco the Growth of Ireland which shall have been actually grown in Ireland before the First of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, but that it shall be lawful to sell, manufacture, and consume all Tobacco already grown in Ireland, or which shall have been actually grown in Ireland before the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, as if this Act had not been passed, shall be repealed; and this Act shall also then cease and determine.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended, or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXI.

An Act to repeal several Acts of the Parliament of Ireland imposing Restrictions upon the Coal Trade, and to regulate the same.

[24th March 1882.]

WHEREAS by certain Acts of the Parliament of Ireland

" Provisions were made subjecting the Trade in Coals in.

the Cities of Dublin and Cork to divers Restrictions, but the same having been found inconvenient in Practice, several ' Statutes have been from Time to Time made suspending or

5 6 controlling

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. c. 21. 67

controlling the Operation of such Provisions: And whereas it ' is expedient that such Restrictions should be altogether removed, and that the said Trade in Coals should be freed from all unnecessary Restrictions and vexatious Impediments; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing Irish Acts of this Act the several Acts and Parts of Acts passed in the hereinafter Parliament of Ireland, herein-after mentioned, shall, except as recited repealed, herein-after excepted and provided for, cease and determine and be repealed; (that is to say,) so much of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act to Ann. c. s. regulate the taking and exacting of Tolls throughout this Kingdom, and to prevent the engrossing of Coals in the City of Dublin, as in any way relates to Coals; an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled An Act for the more effec- 6 G. I. c. 2. tualpreventing the engrossing and regrating of Coals in this Kingdom; an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for preventing Combinations to enhance the l G. 2. c. 21. Prices, and for avoiding Exactions and Abuses formerly practised in the Sale and Measure of Coals; an Act passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act to 31 G. 2. c. 15. prevent urdavful Combinations to raise the Price of Coals in the City if Dublin; an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to prevent the excessive Price 0/ 1G. s. c. 10. Coals in the City of Dublin; so much of an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An 3 G*3- c-17-Act for continuing and amending certain Statutes heretofore made for the better Regulation of the City of Cork, and for enlarging the Salary of the Treasurer, and for the better regulating the Sale of Coals in the said City, and for other Purposes, as in any way relates to the Coal Trade of the said City of Cork; an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act 3 G. 3. c. 27. to continue and amend an Act to prevent the excessive Price of Coals in the City of Dublin; and an Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to prevent 33 g. 3. c. 40. the excessive Price of Coals in the City of Dublin, and for encouraging the storing thereof; and the said several herein-before recited Acts and Parts of Acts, and all Acts and Parts of Acts continuing, reviving, or perpetuating the same, so far as relates to such Continuation, Revival, or Perpetuation, are hereby repealed accordingly; save and except so far as the said Acts or Exception. Parts of Acts respectively, or any of them, may repeal the Whole or any Part of any other Act or Acts; save and except so far as the said Acts or any of them impose or continue the Duty of One Shilling per Ton on Coals and Culm imported, landed, or discharged within the City of Cork or County of the said City; and save and except as to Offences committed and Punishments awarded, and other Matters and Things done and performed, under the Authority of the said Acts or any of them, at any Time before the Commencement of this Act, which shall be dealt with, considered, and punished as if this Act had not passed.

F 2 II. And

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

68

A Board shall be placed on Coal Vessels, describing the Coals.

Penalty for Omission.

Defining

Limits.

Saving of Rights.

the Employment of licensed Meters, &c. to be optional.

C. 21.

II. And be it further enacted, That on a conspicuous Place of every Ship, Lighter, or Vessel in which Coals shall be publicly offered for Sale in any Port, Harbour, or River in lrela?id, there shall be affixed a Board or Label, on which there shall be legibly painted, printed, or written the reputed Name or commonly received Denomination or Description of such Coals, and the Port or Place from which such Coals have been brought, and the Price at which such Coals are offered for Sale; and in default of such Board or Label being affixed pursuant to the Provisions herein-before made, or if the Name, Denomination, or Description of such Coals, or the Place or Port whence the same may have been brought, shall be falsely stated in any such Board or Label, then and in every such Case the Master or Owner of such Ship, Lighter, or Vessel shall, for every Instance of Coals sold in contravention of this Act, whether upon the same or different Days, upon Conviction thereof upon Oath before any Justice of the Peace of the County, City, or Place wherein such Offence shall be committed, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, to be given-to the Houses of Industry in Dublin or Cork, if the Offence be therein committed, or to the Infirmary or Hospital of the same County, County of a City, or County of a Town in which such Offence shall be committed, in case the same be committed elsewhere than in the Two said Cities; and that in case any Fine or Penalty be not paid immediately on Conviction, it shall be lawful for the Justice of the Peace before whom such Conviction shall have been made to commit the Offender to Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Two Months nor less than Fifteen Days, or until the Fine be paid.

III. And be it enacted, That for the Purposes of this Act any Offence committed in violation thereof in any Harbour, Port, or River, or within Five Miles thereof, shall be deemed and considered as committed within any County, County of a City, or County of a Town containing or contiguous to such Harbour, Port, or River.

IV. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to repeal or in any way alter or affect any Power or Authority now by Law vested in any Corporate or other Body, or any Person or Persons, at or previous to the Commencement of this Act.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Porter, Carman, Meter, or Weighmaster, howsoever licensed or appointed, shall, under any Pretext whatever, interfere in or meddle with the Sale, Measurement, weighing, Delivery, or Storage of Coals, save upon the Request and by Desire of the Buyer or Seller thereof; nor shall any Person sue for, demand, or take any Fee, Payment, or Reward whatsoever, under Pretext of being so licensed or appointed, save when and so far as he may be employed by such Buyer or Seller as aforesaid; and that it shall and may be lawful to employ, for the weighing, measuring, loading, or Carriage of Coals, any other Person or Persons whatever, and to make with such other Person or Persons any private or special Agreement for his or their Wages or Hire, any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing in this Act

2° GULIELMI IV. C. 21 — 23.

69 '

Act contained shall be held to bar or affect any Right or Claim which any Meter or Weighmaster or other Person may have or make to any Compensation or Remuneration for or by reason of the Loss of any Fee or Reward to which he or they may have been entitled before the passing of this Act.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

[3d April 1832.]

" The Sum for which the Treasury is by this Act authorized to " make out Exchequer Bills is not to exceed .C1, 500,000. In " all other respects, except as to Dates, this Act is the same as " 1 WA. c. 23."

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore, (a) [9th April 1832.]

[This Act is the same, except as to Dates and the Sections here inserted, as 1 W. 4. c. 14.]

XXII. And be it enacted, That no Marine shall be entitled Forfeiture of to receive Pay for any Period during which he shall have been Fay. absent, without due Authority, from his Duty in His Majesty's Service; and that every Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, or Private Marine who shall by the Sentence of any Court of Law or Court-martial, or by the Warrant of a Justice of the Peace, be imprisoned, or who shall be confined for Debt, shall forfeit all Right to any Pay from the Day of his Arrest during the Time of such Imprisonment; and the Gaoler or other Person in whose Subsistence of Custody he shall be shall receive the Sum of Sixpence per Diem Offenders while out of the Pay of such Non-commissioned Officer or Private m Cust(K, y* Marine, to be applied for his Subsistence during the Time he shall continue in Custody; which said Sum shall, under the Authority of the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, be paid to the said Gaoler, upon the Application in Writing made to the Secretary of the Admiralty by any Justice for the County or Place in which such Gaol shall be situate, accompanied by a Copy of the Order under which the Prisoner is confined: Pro- Arrears of Pay. vided always, that it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the said Commissioners, for the Time being, if they shall think fit, to order the Issue and Payment of any Arrears of Pay, or of the Surplus of such Pajr, or any Portion thereof, to or on account of such Marine, during or after the Expiration of the Period of his Imprisonment: Provided also, that in case such Imprisonment shall be in any Place of Military Confinement, then the like Allowance of Sixpence per Day for Subsistence

(a) See Chap. 19.

F 3 shall

70

C. 23.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 182.

Enlisting and swearing of Recruits.

Allowance to Innkeepers.

shall be made to the Marine so imprisoned, in lieu of all Pay or other Allowances: Provided also, that in the Calculation of the Period to entitle a Marine to Pension, or increased Rate of Pay for Services, no Part of the Time during which he may have been imprisoned shall be included.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall receive Enlisting Money to serve in the Royal Marines, from any Person employed in the Recruiting Service, he being an Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, or attested Marine, shall be deemed to be enlisted as a Marine in His Majesty's Service, and while he shall remain with the Recruiting Party shall be entitled to be billetted; and every Person who shall enlist any Recruit shall first ask the Person offering to enlist whether he does or does not belong to the Militia, and shall cause to be taken down in Writing the Name and Place of Abode of such Recruit; and when any Person shall be enlisted as a Marine, he shall, within Four Days but not sooner than Twenty-four Hours after .such Enlisting, appear, together with some Person employed in the Recruiting Service of the Party with which he shall have enlisted, before a Justice residing in the Vicinity of the Place, and acting for the Division or District where such Recruit shall have been enlisted, and not being an Officer in the Marines; and if such Recruit shall declare his having voluntarily enlisted, the said Justice shall put to him the several Questions contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and shall record, or cause to be recorded, in Writing, his Answers thereunto; and the said Justice is hereby required forthwith to cause the Answers so recorded in Writing, and the Third, Fourth, and Fifth Articles of the Second Section of the Articles of War against. Mutiny, and the First Article of the Third Section of the said Articles of War against Desertion, to be read over, in his own Presence, to such Recruit, and to administer to such Recruit the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed, for limited or unlimited Service, or for Service in the Forces of the East India Company, as may be applicable to the Case of the Recruit, and no other Oaths, any thing in any Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; and the said Justice is hereby required to give, under his Hand, the Certificate in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and if any such Recruit so to be certified shall refuse to take the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed, before the said Justice, it shall be lawful for the Officer or Noncommissioned Officer with whom he enlisted to detain and confine such Person until he shall take the said Oath of Fidelity.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That the Innholder or other Person on whom any Marine is billetted in England shall, if required by such Marine, furnish him for every Day on the March, and for a Period not exceeding Two Days when halted at any intermediate Place upon the March, and for the Day of Arrival at the Place of final Destination, with One hot Meal in each Day, the Meal to consist of such Quantities of Diet and Small Beer as may be fixed by His Majesty's Regulations, not exceeding One Pound and a Quarter of Meat previous to being dressed, One Pound of Bread, One Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables, and Two Pints of small Beer, and Vinegar, Salt, and Pepper, and for such Meal the Innholder, or other Person furnishing the same, shall be paid

2° GULIELMI IV. C. 23.

71

the Sum of Ten-pence; and all Innholders, and other Persons on whom Marines may be billetted in England, (except on the March, when they are entitled to be furnished with the hot Meal as aforesaid,) shall furnish such Marines with Candles, Vinegar, and Salt, and shall allow them the Use of Fire and the necessary Utensils for dressing and eating their Meat, and shall be paid in consideration thereof the Sum of a Halfpenny per Diem for each Marine; and the Sum to be paid the Innholder or other Person on whom any of the Horses belonging to His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces shall be billetted, in England, for Hay and Straw, shall be Ten-pence per Diem for each Horse, and in Ireland the Sum to be paid for Forage to the Innholder or other Person for Horses billetted by virtue of this Act shall be the Rate established by the Lord Lieutenant or other sufficient Authority from Time to Time, the same to be regulated by the average Rate of Contracts for Forage in Ireland, and for the Use of Stables in Ireland, when such Horses are provided with Hay and Straw by Contract, and not by the Occupiers of the Houses in which they are billetted, the Sum of Four-pence per Week for each Horse shall be paid; and every Officer to whom it belongs to receive or who shall actually receive the Pay and Subsistence of the said Men shall every Four Days, or before they shall quit their Quarters, if they shall not remain so long as Four Days, settle the just Demands of all Victuallers or other Persons on whom such Men are billetted, out of their Pay and Subsistence, before any Part of the said Pay or Subsistence be distributed to them respectively; and if any such Officer shall not pay the same, then upon Complaint, and Oath made thereof by any Two Witnesses, at the next Quarter Session for the County or City where such Quarters are situate, the Secretary of the Admiralty is hereby required, upon Certificate of the Justices before whom such Oath shall be made of the Sum due to the Complainant, to order Payment of the Amount, which shall be charged against such Officer; and in case of any Marines being suddenly ordered to march, and of the Commanding Officer not being enabled to make immediate Payment of the Sums due on account of the Billets, every such Officer shall before his Departure make up the Account with every Person upon whom any such Marines may have been billetted, and sign a Certificate thereof; which Account and Certificate, on being transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty, shall be immediately paid, and charged to the Officer's Account.

LVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two Licences of Justices of the Peace, within their respective Jurisdictions, to Canteens, grant or transfer any Licence for selling by Retail any Spirit,

Beer, Wine, Cider, or Perry to any Person or Persons applying for the same who shall hold any Canteen under any Lease thereof, or by Agreement with any Department or other Authority under the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, without regard to the Time of Year, or any Notices or Certificates required by any Act in respect of such Licences, and the Commissioners of Excise within their respective Districts shall also grant or transfer any such Licence as aforesaid; and such Persons holding such Canteens, and having such Licences as aforesaid, may sell therein

F 4 Victuals,

C. 23.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Appropriation of Penalties.

Marines to be subject to the Discipline of the Navy while on board Ship.

Duration of Act.

Victuals, and all such exciseable Liquors as they shall be licensed and empowered to sell, without being subject for so doing to any Penalty or Forfeiture whatever.

LX. And be it enacted, That one Moiety of every such Penalty or Forfeiture, not including any Treble Value of any Articles, shall go to the Person who shall inform or sue for the same, and the other Moiety, or where the Offence shall be proved by the Person who shall inform, then the whole of the Penalty, shall be paid over and applied in such Manner as the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral shall direct; and every Justice who shall adjudge any Penalty under this Act shall, within Four Days thereafter at the furthest, report the same and his Adjudication thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty.

LXIII. And it is hereby declared and enacted, That all His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces shall, during the Time they shall be respectively borne on the Books of any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels in Commission, either as Part of the Complement or as Supernumeraries, or otherwise, be subject and liable in every respect to the Laws for the Government of His Majesty's Forces by Sea, and to the Rules and Discipline of the Royal Navy, and shall and may be proceeded against and punished for Offences committed by them while so borne, in the same Manner as the Officers and Seamen employed in the Royal Navy may be tried or punished: Provided always, that if any Marine Officer or Marine so borne on the Books of any of His Majesty's Ships shall commit on Shore any Offence against due Order and Discipline, and for which he shall not be amenable to a Naval Court-martial or to Naval Discipline, he shall be tried and punished for the same in the same Manner as other Marines may be tried and punished for the like Offences under the Authority of this Act.

LXIV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall continue in force within Great Britain from the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, until the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three inclusive; and within Ireland, and in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and the Isle of Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, from the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three inclusive; and within the Garrison of Gibraltar, and in Spain and Portugal, from the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, until the Tweirty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three inclusive; and in all other Parts of Europe where Royal Marine Forces may be serving, and the West Indies and North America and Cape of Good Hope, from the Twenty-fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, to the Twenty-fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three inclusive -r and in all other Places from the Twenty-fifth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, to the Twenty-fifth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three inclusive.

Certificate

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 23, 24.

73

Certificate to be given by the Justice.

Description of Age, apparently

Height, Feet Inches.

Complexion,

Eyes,

Hair,

Any distinctive Mark.

l T One of His Majesty's Justices of the

to wit. Jx Peace of do hereby certify, That the

above is the Description of the Recruit;

and in my Presence all the aforegoing Questions were put to the said; that the Answers written opposite to them are those which he gave to me; and that the Third, Fourth, and Fifth Articles of the Second Section of the Rules and Articles for the better Government of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore, against Mutiny, and the First Article of the Third Section of the said Rules and Articles, against Desertion, were read over to him; that he took the Oath of Allegiance and Fidelity; that he received the Sum of on being attested this Day; and that I have given him a Duplicate of this Certificate, signed with my Name.

Signature of the Justice.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes respectively until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three; to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three; and to allow Persons to make and file such Affidavits, although the Persons whom they served shall have neglected to take out their Annual Certificates.

[9th April 1832.]

[This Act is the same, except as to Dates and the Section here inserted, as 1 W. 4. c. 26.]

V. And whereas the Appointment of divers Clerks of the Admissions to

Peace, Town Clerks, and other Public Officers, and the Admis- Corporations

si on of divers Members and Officer* of Cities, Corporations, and ximemped

1 Borough Towns in Great Britain and Ireland, or the Entries of allowed by Law.

such Admissions in the Court Books, Rolls, or Records of such

4 Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whifch by several Acts

are directed and required to be stamped, may not have been *

provided, or the same not stamped, or may have been lost or

mislaid be it further enacted, - That for the Relief of such Persons

C. 24, 25.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 18S2.

W

sons whose Appointments and Admissions, or the Entries of whose Admissions as aforesaid, may not have been provided, or not duly stamped, or where the same have been lost or mislaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Persons in Great Britain or Ireland, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three, to provide or cause to be provided Appointments and Admissions, or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid, duly stamped; or in case where such Appointments, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid have been made or provided, but have not been duly stamped, to produce such Appointments, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid, to the Commissioners appointed to inspect and manage the Revenues of the Stamp Duties, to be duly stamped; which such Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered and required to duly stamp, on Payment of Double the Amount of the Duties first payable, or to have been paid on such Appointments, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid, without any other Fine or Forfeiture thereon; and in order to denote the said Duties, the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to use such Stamps as shall have been heretofore provided to denote any former Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or to cause new Stamps to be provided for that Purpose, and to do all other Things necessary for putting this Act in execution, in the like and in as full and ample Manner as they or the major Part of them are authorized to put in execution any former Law concerning Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and such Persons so providing Appointments, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid, duly stamped, or procuring the same to be duly stamped in manner aforesaid, are and shall be hereby confirmed and qualified to act as Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Public Officer, or Member or Members, Officer or Officers of such Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns respectively, to all Intents and Purposes; and shall and may hold and enjoy and execute such Offices, or any other Office or Offices into which he or they hath or have been elected, notwithstanding his or their Omission, or the Omission of any of their Predecessors, in such Cities, Corporations, or Borough Towns as aforesaid; and shall be indemnified and discharged of and from all Incapacities, Disabilities, Forfeitures, Penalties, and Damages by reason of any such Omission; and none of his or their Acts shall be questioned or avoided by reason of the same.

CAP. XXV.

An Act to extend and render more effectual Two Acts of the First and Second and Third Years of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, respecting the Estates thereby vested in the principal Officers of the Ordnance, and to facilitate the public Business in the Ordnance Department.

[9th April 1832.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the First and Second ' Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the

1 & 2 G. 4. ' Fourth, intituled An Act for vesting all Estates and Property

c. 69. ' occupied

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 25.

75

occupied for the Ordnance Service in the principal Officers of the ' Ordnance, and for granting certain Powers to the said principal i Officers: And whereas another Act was passed in the Third 8 Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for 3 G.4. c. 108. 8 vesting all Estates and Property'occupied for the Barrack Service 8 in any Part of the United Kingdom in the principal Officers of 8 His Majesty's Ordnance, and for granting certain Powers to the 8 said principal Officers in relation thereto: And whereas divers 8 Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of Copy-8 hold. Customary, or Ancient Demesne Tenure, are now held,

8 and may hereafter be purchased and taken for the Service of the said Ordnance Department, and much Inconvenience has 8 arisen and may arise by reason of Copyhold Estates and Here-8 ditaments having been excepted out of the Provisions and 8 Operation of the said recited Acts, and also by reason of the 8 said Acts not extending to Lands and Hereditaments which 8 have been or may be taken or limited by way of Mortgage,

8 or for securing Money, or by way of Indemnity for the Use 8 of the Ordnance Service, or Objects connected therewith; And whereas the Covenants and Contracts made by and with the said 8 principal Officers, as well with respect to their Estates as with 8 respect to other Matters and Things relating to the Service of the Ordnance Department, are numerous and important: And whereas many of such Covenants and Contracts cannot be 8 enforced by Law by the Officers for the Time being, who were 8 not or may not be Parties thereto, and it is expedient that the 8 Power to sue upon all manner of such Covenants and Contracts,

as well as upon other Causes of Action relating to the said Ser-8 vice, should be vested in the Officers of His Majesty's Ordnance 8 for the Time being: And whereas His Majesty has been pleased 8 to reduce the Number of the principal Officers of the Ordnance,

8 and it is expedient that Two or more of such Officers should 8 be enabled to exercise and execute the respective Powers,

Authorities, and Duties, and to perform and execute all such 8 Contracts, Conveyances, Leases, and other Deeds and Instru-8 ments relating to the public Service of the said Department,

8 and to do and execute all such Deeds, Matters, and Things 8 as by any Act or Acts, or otherwise, might or ought to be 8 exercised, performed, done, or executed by Three or more of 8 such principal Officers; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That All Copyholds, immediately from and after the passing of this Act all Messuages, &c- now holden Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Great Britain or Ireland, of Copyhold or Customary or Ancient Demesne ve^[e-n th Tenure, which have been heretofore purchased or taken by or principal Of-in the Name of any Person or Persons in Trust for His Majesty fleers of the or His Royal Predecessors, and His or Their Heirs and Successors, Ordnance for for the Use or Service of the said Ordnance Department, or for the Time belnS* the Use and Service of the said Barrack Department, either in Fee or for any Life or Lives, or otherwise howsoever, and the Appurtenances to the same respectively belonging, shall be and become and continue vested in the principal Officers of His Majesty's

76

C. 25.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

All Copyholds, &c. to be purchased hereafter for the Ordnance to be vested in same Officers on Admittance of their Secretary or other Officer.

All Lands, &c. in Great Britain and Ireland mortgaged for securing any Debt to the Ordnance to be vested in the same Officers.

Terms assigned to attend the Inheritance of Lands, &c.

Majesty's Ordnance for the Time being, and their Successors in the said Office, according to the Nature and Quality of and the respective Estates and Interests in such Hereditaments and Premises, for the Use and Service of the said Ordnance Department, and upon and for such Trusts, Intents, or Purposes as are, in and by the said recited Act of the First and Second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty, expressed and declared or referred' unto of and concerning the Estates and Property thereby vested in the said principal Officers and their Successors in the said Office.

II. And be it further enacted, That all other Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Great Britain or Ireland, of Copyhold or Customary or Ancient Demesne Tenure, which shall at any Time or Times hereafter be purchased or taken by the principal Officers of His Majesty's Ordnance for the Time being, or by any other Person or Persons by their Order, for the Service of the said Ordnance Department, and the Appurtenances to the same respectively belonging, shall be granted, surrendered, conveyed, and assured unto, and shall thereupon, and upon the Admittance of the Secretary or other Person hereinafter directed to be admitted, be and become and continue vested in the principal Officers of His Majesty's Ordnance for the Time being, and their Successors in the said Office, according to the Nature and Quality of and the respective Estates and Interests in such Hereditaments and Premises, and without any Words of Limitation whatsoever, for the Use and Service of the said Ordnance Department, and upon and for such Trusts, Intents, and Purposes as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of every Description, and whether in Great Britain or Ireland, which before the passing of this Act shall have been taken or conveyed or surrendered and are now held by way of Mortgage, or for securing any Sunr or Sums of Money for the Use of the Ordnance Service or Barrack Service, shall from and after the passing of this Act be and become and continue, and all Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of every Description, and whether in Great Britain or Ireland, which shall hereafter be taken or limited by way of Mortgage, or for securing any Sum or Sums of Money, or by way of Indemnity, or for any other Purpose or Purposes, for the Use of the Ordnance Service or any Objects connected therewith, shall be taken and conveyed and surrendered, and shall thereupon, and when any Admittance is necessary, upon any such Admittance as herein-after mentioned, shall be and become and continue vested in the principal Officers of His Majesty's Ordnance for the Time being, and their Successors in the said Office, according to the Nature and Quality of and the respective Estates and Interests in such Hereditaments and Premises respectively, and without any Words of Limitation whatsoever, upon and for the Trusts, Intents, and Purposes to which the same are or shall be subject or made liable.

IV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That any Term or Terms of Years which shall have been or may be assigned, to attend the Inheritance in any of the Hereditaments and Premises.

which

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. c. 25.

which shall be or become vested by virtue of this Act in the said principal Officers of His Majesty's said Ordnance, shall remain and be vested in the Trustee or Trustees to whom the same have been or shall be respectively assigned; and that it shall be lawful for the said principal Officers for the Time being to convey, surrender, or assign all or any of the Hereditaments and Premises which now are or hereafter shall be vested in them, and to direct all or any of the Hereditaments and Premises which shall hereafter be agreed to be purchased or taken by them, to be conveyed, surrendered, or assigned to a Trustee or Trustees for the Use of the Ordnance Service, or upon the Trusts to which the same shall or ought to be subject, in case, from any Circumstance whatsoever, it shall, in the Judgment of the said principal Officers for the Time being, be expedient so to do; any thing herein or in the said recited Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as the Person, or, in those Cases where there shall be more than One, the Survivor of the Persons, in whom any Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of Copyhold, Customary, or Ancient Demesne Tenure, heretofore purchased or taken as aforesaid, are now respectively vested, shall die, and when any Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of any such Tenure shall hereafter be purchased or taken as aforesaid, the Secretary for the Time being of the principal Officers of His Majesty's Ordnance, or any other Officer of the Ordnance Department, or other Person whom the said principal Officers, or any Two or more of them, shall from Time to Time appoint, shall be admitted to such Hereditaments and Premises, except that in the Case of any Mortgage or Security such Admittance shall be at the Option of the said principal Officers; and that on the Death of any Person filling or who shall have filled the Office of such Secretary or the Office of such Officer as shall be so appointed, and who shall have been admitted, or of the Person who shall have been admitted to any such Hereditaments and Premises, the Secretary for the Time being of the said principal Officers who shall succeed or then be in Office, or any other Officer of the Ordnance Department, or other Person who shall be from Time to Time appointed as aforesaid (as the Case may be) , shall be admitted to such Hereditaments and Premises; and that on the respective Deaths of the Person or Persons in whom the Hereditaments and Premises herein-before in that Behalf mentioned are now vested, and on whose Death or Deaths a Heriot, Fine, or any other Sum or Due would be due or payable, and on the Death of the Secretary or other Officer or other Person who shall be admitted as aforesaid, the Lords and Ladies of the Manor of which the said Premises are respectively holden, and their Stewards, shall be entitled (in case no Alienation shall have previously taken place) to such Heriots, Fines, and Fees, and Sums of Money and other Dues, as shall be due and payable and of right accustomed upon the Death of a Tenant and the Admission of a new Tenant, and as they would have been entitled to in case this Act had

not

77

holden for the Ordnance to remain in same Trustees on same Terms.

On the Death of any Person now holding Copyholds, &c. for the Ordnance, the Secretary to be admitted on Payment of customary Fines, &c.

78

C. 25.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Power of selling, exchanging, &c. given by recited Act of 1 &2G.4. to Three Officers, to be vested in Two.

Ordnance may sue as " The principal Officers of His Majesty's Ordnance, *' without naming them.

not been passed; but nevertheless that such Person or Persons shall only continue Tenant or Tenants, and such Secretary or Officer or other Person as aforesaid shall only be admitted, for the Purpose of ascertaining and preserving to the Lord or Lady of the Manor the Right of Escheat and all other Rights, and for the Purpose of performing such Services (if any) as ought to be performed, and of determining when the Heriots, Fines, Fees, and Sums of Money and Dues, due or payable on the Death of a Tenant and the Admission of a new Tenant, shall become due and payable; and the said Hereditaments and Premises, as regards the legal Estate, and for all Purposes of Alienation and all other Purposes, save as aforesaid, shall be and become and continue vested in the said principal Officers for the Time being.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers and Authorities of selling, exchanging, letting, conveying, and surrendering, bringing and defending Actions and Suits, and distraining, and all other Powers and Authorities whatsoever given to the said principal Officers for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, by the said recited Act of the First and Second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty, with respect to the Estates and Property thereby respectively vested in them respectively, shall apply to the Hereditaments and Premises which shall be or become vested in the said principal Officers by virtue of this Act, except so far as the same may be inapplicable to any Hereditaments vested in them by way of Mortgage or Security, while the same shall continue to be so held; and all the Powers and Authorities by the said last-mentioned Act given to Bodies Politic or Corporate, and others, of contracting, and of conveying and surrendering Lands and Hereditaments, and otherwise, shall apply to Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of Copy-hold, Customary, and Ancient Demesne Tenure, and to the Purchase Monies for the same; and all Powers and Authorities by the same Act given to the Barons or Judges of His Majesty's Courts of Exchequer relating to the Purchase Monies therein mentioned, and all other Clauses, Matters, and Things whatsoever therein contained relating thereto, whether arising from the Sale or Purchase of Lands or Hereditaments or otherwise howsoever, shall apply to the Monies which shall arise or become payable under this Act; and all other Clauses, Matters, and Things in the said recited Acts or either of them contained, as far as the same shall be applicable to and not inconsistent with this Act, shall apply to this Act as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if all such Powers, Authorities, Clauses, Matters, and Things were respectively, severally, and separately repeated and re-enacted in and made Part of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the said principal Officers of the Ordnance, and their Successors for the Time being, to sue in the Name and by the Description of "The principal Officers of His Majesty's Ordnance," without naming them or any of them, in all Actions, Suits, and Proceedings whatsoever concerning the Estates and Interests which now are or hereafter may be vested in them by virtue of the said Acts or any of them, or of this Act,

or

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 25.

79

or otherwise howsoever, and also upon all Covenants and Contracts whatsoever now or hereafter made by the said Officers of the said Ordnance relating to the said Service, and upon all other Cause and Causes of Action concerning the Goods or Chattels, Stores, Monies, and other Property under the Care, Controul, and Disposition of the Officers of His Majesty's Ordnance; and that no such Action, Suit, or Proceeding shall abate or be delayed by reason of the Death, Removal, or Resignation of any of such principal Officers.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Officer of His Majesty's Ordnance shall be personally liable, nor shall the Property of any such Officer be liable, to any legal Process or Execution in such Actions or Suits as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for Two or more of the principal Officers of His Majesty's Ordnance, and any such Two or more principal Officers are hereby empowered, to exercise and execute all Powers, Authorities, and Duties, and to perform, do, and execute all Acts, Deeds, Matters, and Things appertaining to their Office, which, by any Act or Acts now in force, or otherwise, may or ought to be, or in case this Provision had not been made could or might hereafter have been, exercised, executed, performed, or done by Three or more of such principal Officers; and all such Acts, Deeds, Matters, and Things done, performed, and executed by Two or more of the said principal Officers in their respective Offices shall be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if done, performed, and executed by Three or more of the said principal Officers.

X. And be it further enacted, That in all Contracts of every Description, and in all Conveyances, Surrenders, Leases, and other Deeds and Instruments whatsoever relating to the Public Service, which from and after the passing of this Act shall or may be made or entered into by, to, or with the principal Officers of the Ordnance for the Time being, or any Two or more of them, or whereunto they or any Two or more of them shall or may be Parties, it shall be sufficient to call or describe the said principal Officers by the Style or Title of "The principal Officers of His Majesty's Ordnance," without naming them or any of them; and that all such Contracts, Conveyances, Surrenders, Leases, and other Deeds and Instruments wherein the said principal Officers shall be called or described by their Style or Title as aforesaid, and the Execution thereof respectively by the said principal Officers or any Two or more of them, shall be as valid and effectual, and shall have the like Force and Operation, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the said principal Officers, or any Two or more of them, had been particularly named and described therein.

Suit not to abate by Change of Officers.

Such Officers not to be personally liable.

All Powers given by 1 & 2 G. 4. to Three Officers may be executed by Two.

Same Style to be adopted in Deeds, &c.

C. 26.

2° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1832.

54 G. 3. c. 184.

59 G. 3. c. 67.

1G.4. c. 65.

1 & 2 G. 4. c. 121.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to authorize the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts of Great Britain to examine and audit Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of Colonial Revenues.

[9th April 1832.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty-fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the more effectual Examination of Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of the Colonial Revenues in the Islands of Ceylon, Mauritius, Malta, Trinidad, and the Settlements of the Cape of Good Hope, for Five Years: And whereas it was provided by the said recited Act that the same should continue in force for Five Years and no longer: And whereas by virtue of an Act passed in the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to continue,

until the Thirtieth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty,

for the effectual Examination of Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of the Colonial Revenues in the Islands of Ceylon,

4 Mauritius, Malta, Trinidad, and in the Settlements of the Cape of Good Hope; and of another Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to continue, until the Thirtieth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-one, an Act of the Fifty-fourth Year of 1 His late Majesty, for the effectual Examination of the Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of the Colonial Revenues in the Islands of Ceylon, Mauritius, Malta, Trinidad, and in the Settlements of the Cape of Good Hope, the said recited Act of the Fifty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, and all Powers therein contained, were continued until the Thirtieth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-one: And whereas by an Act passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to alter and abolish certain Forms of Proceedings in the Exchequer and Audit Office relative to Public Accountants, and for making further Provisions for the Purpose of facilitating and expediting the passing of Public Accounts in Great Britain, and to render perpetual and amend an Act passed in the Fifty-fourth Year of His late Majesty, for the effectual Examination of the Accounts of certain Colonial Revenues, the said recited Act of the Fifty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, and all the Powers and Authorities, Clauses and Provisions, therein contained, except in so far as the same were varied, altered, or repealed by the said recited Act of the First and Second Years of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, were made perpetual: And whereas it was provided by the said recited Act of the Fiftyfourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, 4 that Commissioners might be appointed, under the Great Seal of Great Britaint for the examining such Public Accounts of Persons concerned in the Receipt or Expenditure of the Colonial Revenues in any of the Colonies or Dominions subject

4 to

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 2 6.

81

to the Crown of Great Britain, or in the Receipt or Expenditure ' of any Sums granted by Parliament in aid thereof, as the Lords ' Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury might deem it expedient to refer to them: And whereas His Majesty did, by ' His Letters Patent bearing Date the Thirtieth Day of December

in the First Year of His Reign, appoint Three Commissioners for that Purpose, which said Letters Patent are now of full ' Force and Effect: And whereas there are now depending in the Office of the said Commissioners several Accounts of Persons concerned in the Receipt and Expenditure of the Colonial

Revenues, or of Sums granted in aid thereof, which have not been examined, or the Examination of which has not yet been ' completed: And whereas it is expedient that as well the said Accounts as all other Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure

of the Colonial Revenues, and of Sums granted in aid thereof,

should hereafter be examined by the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts of Great Britain: Be it therefore enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of April next all The Audit of all such Accounts as may then be depending or unexamined in Accounts of the the Office of the said Commissioners shall be transferred for Exa- E^nditure of mination and Audit to the Office of the Commissioners for audit- the PColonfcd ° ing the Public Accounts of Great Britain; and all Accounts of Revenues trans-the Receipt and Expenditure of the Colonial Revenues, and of ferred to Corn-Sums granted in aid thereof, shall be made and rendered to the missioners for said Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts of Great p11^11?the Britain, in like Manner as they have been heretofore made and of rendered to the Commissioners appointed and acting under and tain, by virtue of the said recited Acts; and all Accountants heretofore liable to render such Accounts to the said last-named Commissioners shall be liable and are hereby required to render the same to the said Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts of Great Britain, and shall be liable for Neglect or Omission to render the same to the said Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts of Great Britain in the same Manner as they would have been liable before the passing of this Act for Neglect or Omission to render the same to the Commissioners appointed and acting under and by virtue of the said recited Acts; and all the Powers and Authorities given or belonging to the said last-mentioned Commissioners by virtue of the said recited Acts shall be and are hereby transferred to the said Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts of Great Britain, who are hereby authorized and required from Time to Time to examine the said Accounts, and to exercise all Powers and Authorities in respect thereof, and for the Recovery of all Balances, and for and in respect of all Matters and Things relating thereto, as to them shall seem meet, as fully and effectually and in like Manner as before the passing of this Act the Commissioners appointed and acting under and by virtue of the said recited Acts were authorized and required to do; any thing therein contained to the conti v Df in anywise notwithstanding.

G

82

C. 26j 27.

2->GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 182.

Statement of every Account to be transmitted by the Commissioners to the Lords of the Treasury.

Superannuation or Retired Allowances granted by 54 G. S. to be paid out of the respective Revenues of the Colonies as the Treasury may direct.

2 W.4. e. II.

Assessments for defraying necessary Expences how to be levied ndthin Burghs *

II. And be it farther enacted, That the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts shall transmit a Statement of every Account delivered to them as before mentioned (after due Examination and Audit thereof) to the Commissioners of His Majesty's * Treasury, who* having considered such Statement, shall return the same to the Commissioners of Audit, together with their Warrant directing the said Commissioners to make up and pass the Account, either conformably to the Statement, or with such Variations as they may deem just and reasonable; and the Account having been made up in pursuance of such Directions, and signed by Three or more of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, shall remain deposited in the Audit Office, and shall have the same Force and Validity* and be as effectual in Law for all Purposes whatsoever, as if the same had been declared according to the usual Course by the Chancellor of the Exchequer.

III. And whereas it is expedient that all Superannuation or ' Retired Allowances heretofore granted or that may be granted ' to any Commissioner or other Person appointed in pursuance

of the said recited Act of the Fifty-fourth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, upon the said Accounts being

transferred for Examination to the Commissioners for auditing ' the Public Accounts, should continue to be deftayed in the

Manner provided for in the said recited Act be it therefore enacted, That all such Superannuations and Retired Allowances as aforesaid shall be charged upon and borne and defrayed out of the respective Revenues of the Colonies of Ceylon, Mauritius, Malta, Trinidtidy and the Cape of Good Hope, in such Proportions, and shall be paid and remitted thereout in such Manner, as the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall from Time to Time direct.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for altering and amending an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, for the Prevention, as far as may be possible, of the Disease called the Cholera, or Spasmodic or Indian Cholera, in Scotland.

[0th April 1832.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in this present Session of

* Parliament, intituled An Act for the Prevention, as far ' as may be possible, of the Disease called the Cholera, or Spasmodic or Indian Cholera, in Scotland; And whereas it has been found ' that certain of the Provisions in the said Act contained are defective, and that it is expedient that the same be altered and amended be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every the Expences which may be reasonably and properly incurred in carrying into effect any Order or Orders of His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council, so to be made as is in the sai4

15 Act

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 27.

83

Act provided, or sanctioned after they are incurred by any such Order, shall, whenever the Occasion of such Esypence has arisen within any City, Burgh, or Town, or adjacent Districts, having a local Establishment of Police, be levied and defrayed by a special Assessment to be made from Tinpe to ^ime, and as Occasion may require, for this Purpose, by Authority of the Magistrates of such City, Burgh, or Town, upon the Persons or Properties within the same, or within the adjacent Districts, which are now assessed for Purposes of Police, and that according to the Buies,

Methods, and Proportions hitherto observed in such Places in collecting such Police Assessments; provided always, that the Bounds of the Edinburgh Police shall not fqr the Purposes of this and the said recited Act be held to extend over any Part of the Parish of South Leith; and that whenever the Occasion of Expence shall arise in any Burgh not having a local Assessment for Police, (whether the same shall be a Royal Burgh or Burgh of Regality or Barony, provided it have a local Magistracy regularly constituted,) qr Managers legally authorized to act in place of such Magistrates* the Sums necessary for defraying the same shall be levied by a special Assessment to be made from Time to Time, as the Emergency of the Case may require, by Authority of the said Magistrates, upoq all Dwelling Houses within the same rated to any general or local Tax or Assessment whatsoever at a yearly Value of Rive founds or upwards, and upon all Houses, S^ops, Warehouses, Counting!)ouses, and manufacturing Premises not rated to any such Tax or Assessment as shall either be let for a Rent of Seven Pounds or upwards, or proved qr qdqpitted, where not so let or rated, to he of that yearly Value; one Half of all such Assessments to be paid by the Occupants, and the other Half by the Owners of all such Tenements.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where Assessments the Occasion of Expence shall arise in any Landward Parish (qr h°".tolevied in the Landward Part of any Parish containing any Burgh or Part ^ard Parishes, of a Burgh) the Sums necessary for defraying the said Expences shall be levied by a special Assessment, to be from Time tP Time made by the Heritors, or their special Mandatories, of such Parish or Landward Part of a Parish, upon the Owners and Occupants of the Lands, Houses, and other Heritages within the said Parish or Landward Part of a Parish, at a Meeting to be called by the said Heritors or any Two of their Number? or by the Minister of the Parish, or by the Secretary or other Officer of any Board of Health established or authorized to act within the said Parish by His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council, upon a Notice of Seven free Days, to be intimated within the Parish Church on the Sttfiday while the Congregation is assembled, and also by affixing a written Notice on the Doors of the said Church; which Heritors (or their Special Mandatories) shall, at their first or at any adjourned Meeting, make the necessary Assessment upon the real Rent or annual Value of tl?e $ajd Lands, Houses, and other Heritages, Two Thirds of the Assessment upon Lands and other Heritages (except Houses) to be made on the Owners, and One Third on the Occupants, and One Half of the Assessment in Houses to be made on the Owners, $k& One Half pn the

G 2 Occu-

84

C. 27.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Authority upon which Charge may be made, and Diligence issued.

Power to appeal.

Power to levy and collect Assessments in the Manner of Assessments for the Relief of the Poor.

Occupants: Provided always, that no such Assessment shall be charged or levied upon any House within such Parish (being the only Heritable Property owned or occupied within the same by the Parties) unless the same be either rated to some public or local Tax at a yearly Value of Five Pounds, or be let for a Rent of Six Pounds or upwards, or be proved or admitted where not so rated or let to be of the Value last mentioned: Provided also, that the whole Assessments herein-before mentioned may be levied in the first instance from the Occupants of the Premises in question (if the Rent payable by them for the current Term shall not have been paid at the Time of such Levy) , the said Occupants being entitled to retain the Owners Proportion of the same from the Rents then due to the said Owners: Provided also, that notwithstanding the Existence of certain Burghs or Parts of Burghs, and of local Assessments for Police, within the Barony Parish of Glasgow, the whole of that Parish shall for the Purposes of this and the said recited Act be held to be one Landward Parish, and shall be liable to be assessed as such, and not otherwise.

III. And be it enacted, That the Assessment List or Table of particular Charges, duly signed by the acting Chief Magistrate of any Burgh, or by the Preses or Secretary of any Meeting of Heritors, shall be a sufficient Warrant to the Collectors appointed by them respectively to demand and levy the Sums specified in such Lists from the Individuals there charged respectively with the same; and the Return or Certificate of any such Collector, purporting that such Payment, though demanded, has not been made, shall, when exhibited to any Magistrate of a Burgh by the Collector for that Burgh, or to the Sheriff or Sheriff Substitute of any County by the Collector for any Landward Parish or Part of a Parish in such County, be an Authority to such Magistrate or Sheriff to issue his Warrant for Poinding and other Diligence against the Person or Moveables of the Individuals so failing to pay, within Ten Days after the issuing of such Warrant, in the same Manner and to the same Effect in all respects as is now competent for the levying of Assessed Taxes.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be competent to any Person who may think himself aggrieved by any such Assessment to appeal against the same to the next ensuing Quarter Session of the Justices that may be held for the County not less than Six Days after the lodging of such Appeal, and Notice thereof to the Collector, who shall there hear and finally determine upon the Merits of any such Appeal, and whose Sentences shall not be liable to any Process of Review.

V. And be it enacted, That in all Burghs and Parishes where there are Assessments for Relief of the Poor it shall be competent to the Magistrates of stibh Burghs, and to the Heritors of such Parishes respectively, tb levy and collect the Assessments authorized by the former and by this present Act, from the same Persons and Properties, and in the same Way and Manner, and by the same Rules and Methods, in all respects, as have been used and observed within the same for levying and collecting such Assessments for the Poor, whenever it shall appear to the said Magistrates or Heritors to be more just and expedient to

C. 27.

85

adopt such Rules and Methods than to put in execution any of the Modes of Assessment herein-before allowed or directed.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Landward Parishes and Landward Parts of Parishes containing any Burgh or Burghs, or any Part or Parts of any Burgh or Burghs, it shall be competent to the Heritors of such Parishes or Landward Parts of Parishes, or their special Mandatories, (in case it shall appear to such Heritors, or their special Mandatories, just or expedient so to do,) instead of putting in execution any or either of the Modes by which the Assessments authorized to be made by this or the said recited Act are herein-before allowed or directed to be made, to make the same Assessments in manner following; (that is to say,) upon Land according to the valued Rent of the same, and upon Houses according to the yearly Value set on such Houses by the latest Assessment of the House Tax; and in the following Proportions; videlicet, for every such Assessment to the Amount of One Shilling Sterling upon One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent an Assessment shall be laid upon the Rent or yearly Value of Houses so ascertained at the Rate of Two-pence Sterling in the Pound of such Rent or yearly Value, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum.

VII. And whereas it is necessary, for levying such Assessment, to obtain a correct List of Houses assessed to the House ' Tax, and a correct Roll of the valued Rent, within the said ' Landward Parishes or Parts of Landward Parishes be it enacted, That the Collectors of the Cess and the Assessors of the House Tax shall, if required by the Heritors aforesaid, furnish the said Heritors with a Copy of the Roll of valued Rent, and the List of Houses assessed to the House Tax, within the Landward Parishes or Parts of Landward Parishes aforesaid.

VIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be in the Power of the Magistrates and Heritors hereby authorized to make the Assessments herein-before mentioned to exempt, either wholly or in part, from their Operation, such Persons as from their Circumstances seem entitled to such Exemption, and also such Persons in the said Burghs or Parishes as may have already voluntarily advanced and contributed Sums of Money for the Objects and Purposes by this Act contemplated, beyond other Persons in the said Burghs or Parishes, and that according to the sound Discretion of such Magistrates or Heritors: Provided always, that in case of any alleged Abuse or erroneous Exercise of such Power of Relief or Exemption it shall be competent to any Person aggrieved to apply to His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council, who shall forthwith issue their Orders correcting and rectifying such Error or Abuse.

IX. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be held to prevent the Heritors of any Parish, or the Magistrates of any Burgh, from concerting and acting in conjunction with the Heritors of any adjoining Parish or Parishes, or with the Magistrates of any Burgh lying wholly or partly within or contiguous to any such Parish or Parishes, for the Purpose of taking Measures for their common Relief or Protection from the Disease or Infection above mentioned, and raising a joint Fund by means of the Assessments herein-before provided for defraying the Ex-

G 3 pences

Instead of the Mode in which Assessments are authorized to be made under this or recited Act, Heritors may make the Assessments in the manner herein mentioned.

Correct Lists of Houses and Roll of valued Rent to be furnished by Assessors and Collectors.

Certain Persons may be exempted from Assessments.

Burghs and Parishes may combine and act in concert with other Burghs or Parishes.

86

2° GULIELMI IV.

Magistrates, &c. may borrow Money to carry into effect Orders of Privy Council.

Former Act to subsist, unless where altered.

Assessments made under it may be carried into eftect.

Composition of General Courts-martial.

Proceedings of Courts-martial.

C. 27, 28.

A.D. 182.

pences of such Measures as it may be proper and efcpiedieiit for them thus to adopt in common.

X. And be it enacted, That it $iall be lawful for the Magisr trates and Heritors and others hereby authorized to impose and levy the Assessments herein-before mentioned to borrow such Sums of Money as may be indispensably necessary for carrying into effect the Orders of the said Most Honourable Privy Council, and for that Purpose to assign and impledge the said Assessments to the Lenders thereof in Security for their Repayment.

XI. And be it enacted, That the Provisions of the said recited Act, except in so far as altered or superseded by this present Act, shall continue and remain in force, to all Intents and Purposes, and as fully in all respects, as if this Act had not been passed.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where any Assessment shall have been actually made under the said recited Act, it shall be lawful for the Parties by whom such Assessment had been so made to follow out and make effectual the same; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. xxviii.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, (a)

[9th April 1882.]

[Number 6f Force* 89, 478. In § 9. of this Act the Bahamas are excepted, together with the other Places excepted in § 9. of 1 W. 4. c. 15. in all other respects, except as to the Sections hete in^ sorted, this Act is the same as 1 W. 4. c. 15.]

VI. And be it enacted, That a General Court-martial convened in any Part of the King's Dominions, (Bermuda, the Bahamas, Africa, and New South Wales excepted,) or in the Settlements of the Fast India Company, shall consist of not less than Thirteen Commissioned Officers; if convened in Bermuda or the Bahamas, or out of the King's Dominions, excepting Africa and New South Wales, shall consist of not less than Seven, and in Africa and New South Wales of not less than Five Commissioned Officers; and no Judgment of Death shall pass without the Concurrence of T>vo Thirds at the least of the Officers present; and the President shall in no Case be the Officer commanding in chief or Governor of the Garrison where the Offender shall be tried, nor under the Degree of a Field Officer, unless where a Field Officer cannot be had, nor in any Case whatsoever under the Degree 6f a Captain.

XV. And be it enacted, That in all Trials by General Courts^ martial to be held by virtue of this Act every Member assisting at such Trial? before any Proceeding be had thereon, shall take the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed, before the Judge Advocate or his Deputy, or Person officiating as such, and on Trials by other Courts-martial, before the President of such Court, who are hereby respectively authorized to administer the same, and any sworn Member shall administer the Oath to the

(a) See Chap, 18.

Pre-r

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 28.

87

President; and as soon the said Oaths shall have been administered to the respective Members, the President of the Court is hereby authorized and required to administer to the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and no Proceeding or Trial shall be had upon any Offence but between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon, except in Cases which require an immediate Example* and except in the East Indies, where such Proceedings or Trial may be bad between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon:

Provided also, that all Witnesses duly summoned by the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, or by the President of a District pr Garrison Court-martial, shall, during their necessary Attendance in such Courts, and in going to and returning from the same, be privileged from Arrest, and shall, if unduly arrested, be discharged by the Court out of which the Writ or Process issued by which such Witness was arrested; pr if such Court be not sitting, then by any Judge of the Court of King's Bench in London or in Dublin, or the Court of Session in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the East or West Indies or elsewhere, according as the Case shall require, upon its being made to appear to such Court or Judge, by Affidavit ip a summary Way, that such Witness was arrested in going to or returning from or attendii^g .upon such Court-martfel; and that all Witnesses so duly summoned as aforesaid who shall not attend on such Courts, or attending shall refuse to he sworn, or being sworn shall refuse to give Evidence or to answer pH such Questions as the Court may legally demand of them, shall be liable to be attached in the Court of King's Bench in London or Dublin, or Court of Session, or Sheriff Depute or Stewarts Depute, or their respective Substitutes, within their several Shires and Stewartries in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the East pr West Indies, pr in any of Etis Majesty 8 Colonies, Garrisons, or Dominions in Europe or elsewhere respectively, upon Complaint made, in like Manner as if such Witness had neglected to attend in a Trig! in any Proceeding in that Court.

XIX. And be it enacted, That whenever any Sentence of Transportation Transportation heretofore or hereafter passed by any Court- from the Colo-martial holden in the East Indies, or in any Part of His Majesty's nies.

Foreign Dominions, is to be carried into execution, or when Sentence of Death has been or shall as aforesaid be commuted to Transportation, the same shall be notified by the Officer commanding in chief His Majesty's Forces at the Presidency or Station, or in his Absence by the Adjutant General for the Time being, to some Judge of One of the Supreme Courts of Judicature in the East Indies, or Chief Justice, or some other Judge, as the Case may be, in any Part of His Majesty's Foreign Dominions, who shall make Order for the Transportation or intermediate Custody of such Offender in like Manner as for the Transportation or intermediate Custody of any other Convict, under an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His fete Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for punishing Offences com- % G. 4. c. 69. mitted by Transports kept to labour in the Colonies, and better regulating the Powers of Justices of the Peace in New South Wales,

G 4* and

88

C. 28.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 182.

Apprehension of Deserters.

and an Order of His Majesty in Council dated the Eleventh Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty-five; and the necessary Proceedings shall be taken, according to such Order, for the Transportation or intermediate Custody of such Offender; and all Acts in force in such Place touching other Offenders to be transported shall in all respects apply as well to the Offender himself so to be transported as to all other Persons whatsoever therein concerned.

XXII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Constable of any Place where any Person reasonably suspected to be a Deserter shall be found, or of any adjoining Place, and if no such Constable can be immediately met with, then for any Officer or Soldier in His Majesty's Service, to apprehend or cause such suspected Person to be apprehended, and to cause him to be brought before any Justice living in or near such Place, and acting for the same or any adjoining County, who hath hereby Power to examine such suspected Person; and if by his Confession, or the Testimony of One or more Witnesses upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of such Justice, it shall appear that such suspected Person is a Soldier, and ought to be with the Corps to which he belongs, such Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to some public Prison in such Place, or if there be no public Prison in such Place, then, at the Discretion of such Justice of the Peace, to the nearest or most convenient public Prison in the same or any next adjoining County, or to the Provost Marshal in case such Deserter shall be apprehended within the City or Liberties of Dublin or Places adjacent; or if such Deserter shall be apprehended by any Party of Soldiers of his own Regiment, or shall be apprehendea in the Vicinity of the Head Quarters or of any Depot of the Regiment to which he shall belong, then such Justice may deliver such Deserter to the Party of his Regiment, or may order such Deserter to be taken to the Head Quarters or Depot of the Regiment to which he shall belong, instead of committing him to Prison; and such Justice shall transmit an Account thereof, in the Form prescribed in the Schedule annexed to this Act, to the Secretary at War, or, if the Deserter be apprehended in Ireland, to the Chief Secretary, specifying at the Foot thereof the Commitment to Prison or Delivery of such Deserter to the Party of his Regiment, in order for his being taken to the Head Quarters or Dep6t of his Regiment, as the Case may be, to the end that such Person may be removed by an Order from the Office of the said Secretary at War, or Chief Secretary in Ireland, and proceeded against according to Law; and such Justice shall also send to the Secretary at War a Report, stating the Names of the Persons by whom the Deserter was apprehended and secured; and the Secretary at War shall transmit to such Justice an Order for the Payment to such Persons of such Sum, not exceeding Forty Shillings, as the Secretary at War shall be satisfied they are entitled to, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act: Provided also, that no Fee or Reward shall be taken by any Justice, or his Clerk, in respect of any Information, Commitment, or Report as aforesaid.

C. 28.

89

2° GULIELMI IV.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That any Soldier who shall absent Forfeiture of himself without Leave may, on Conviction by a General or other Pay* Court-martial, in addition to any other Punishment, be deprived of his regular Pay for the Days on which he has so absented himself, and that no Soldier shall be entitled to Pay, or to reckon Service towards Pay or Pension, during any Absence from Duty by Commitment on a Charge of any Criminal Offence, or when in Confinement under any Sentence of any Court, or by reason of any Arrest for Debt, or as a Prisoner of War; provided that any Non-commissioned Officer, or any Soldier, acquitted of the Offence for which he was committed, shall, upon Return to his Duty in his Corps, be entitled to receive all Arrears of Pay growing due, and to reckon Service during his Absence or Confinement; and upon rejoining His Majesty's Service from being a Prisoner of War, due Inquiry shall be made by a Court-martial, and if it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Court that the said Soldier was taken Prisoner without wilful Neglect of Duty on his Part, and that he hath not served with or under or in any Manner aided the Enemy, and that he hath returned as soon as possible to His Majesty's Service, he may thereupon be recommended by such Court to receive either the Whole of such Arrears of Pay, or a Proportion thereof; provided that it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Secretary at War to order or withhold the Payment of the Whole or any Part of the Pay of any *

Officer or Soldier during the Period of Absence by any of the Causes aforesaid.

LXXVI. And be it enacted, That one Moiety of every Penalty, Appropriation not including any Treble Value of any Articles, adjudged or of Penalties, recovered under the Provisions of this Act, shall go to the Person who shall inform or sue for the same, and the Remainder of the Penalty, or, where the Offence shall be proved by the Person who shall inform, the Whole of the Penalty, shall be paid to the General Agent for the Recruiting Service in London or Dublin, as the Case may be, to be at the Disposal of the Secretary at War; and every Justice who shall adjudge any Penalty under this Act shall, within Four Days at the farthest, report the same to the Secretary at War.

LXXVIII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be and Duration of continue in force within Great Britain from the Twenty-fifth Day Act of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two inclusive, until the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three; and shall be and continue in force within Ireland, and in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Isle of Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, from the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two inclusive, until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three; and shall be and continue in force within the Garrison of Gibraltar, the Mediterranean, and in Spain and Portugal, from the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two inclusive, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three; and shall be and continue in force in all other Parts of Europe where His Majesty's Forces may be serving, and in the West Indies and America, from the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two inclusive, to the First Day

of

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

6 G. 4. c. 53.

Allowance granted by 6 G. 4. c. 58. repealed.

C. 28, 29.

of September One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three; and shall be and continue in force within the Cape of Good Hope, the Isle of France or Mauritius and ito Dependencies, St Helena, and the Western Coast of Africa, from the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three inclusive, to the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four; and shall be and continue in force in all other Places from the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four inclusive, to the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five: Provided that this Act shall, from and after the Receipt and Promulgation thereof in General Orders in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, become and be in full Force; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to reduce the Allowance on Spirits made from Malt only, in Scotland and Ireland.

[9th April 1832.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the ' Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for providing equivalent Rates of Excise Duties* 4 Allowances, and Drawbacks on Beer and Malt, and on Spirits, ' 4 made in Scotland or Ireland, according to the Measure of the new Imperial Standard Gallon, there was granted for and upon ' every One hundred Gallons Imperial Standard GaUon Measure, and sorin proportion for any greater, or less Quantity of Spirits, of ithe Strength of Hydrometer Proof, and so jin proportion for ' any greater or less Strength, distilled in Scotland or Ireland from Malt only, not being mixed with any unmalted Corn or Grain whatever, after the Rate of Two such Gallons of Spirits for every ' Eight Gallons Imperial Standard Gallon Measure of Barley ' Malt, or Ten such Gallons and Two Third Parts of another such Gallon of Bear or Bigg Malt, in respect of which any Distiller in Scotland or Ireland shall be charged with Duty, during ' the Time that such Distiller shall use Malt only, Five Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eight-pence as an Allowance on the ' Malt used in the Distillation of such Spirits made from Malt only, which said Allowance of Five Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eight-pence on every One hundred Gallons is in the Proportion of One Shilling and Two-pence per Gallon: And 4 wheneas it is expedient to repeal the said Allowance, and to grant.a lesser Amount in lieu thereof, and to make further Provisions for preventing Frauds in claiming such Allowance; be it therefore enacted by the .King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the>same, That from and after the Twenty-first Day oi April in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirtyttwo the said Allowance granted by the said recited Act shall be repealed, cease, and determine, and be no longer paid or payable, save and except as to any Amount thereof which may have become due and payable to any .Distiller on or before the said Twenty-first Day of April.

2° GULIELMI IV. C. 29.

91

It. Aftd bfe it farther enacted, That from and after the Twenty- Allowance of 8d. Rrst Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two per Gallon on there shall be allowed and paid* for and upon every Gallon of Spirits made Spirits, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity of Scotland and Spirits, of the Strength of Hydrometer Proof* and so in pro- Ireland. portion for any greater or less Strength, distilled in Scotland for Ireland from malted Corn only, fact being mixed with any uii-mafted Corn Or Grain whatever, after the Rate of Two Gallons of such Spirits for every Bushel of Barley Malt, or One Bushel and Onte Fourth of a Bushel and One Third Part of a Gallon of Malt made from Bear or Bigg only, in respect of which Spirits any Distiller in Seotifartd or Ireland shall be charged with Duty, during the Time that such Distiller shall use Malt only, an Allowance of Eight-pence *

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Allowance hereby Allowance to be granted shall be claimed, allowed, and paid in such and the like claimed and Manner, and under the same Laws, Enactments* and Provisions, Paid under Conditions, Restrictions, Rules, and Regulations, by which the

former Allowance hereby repealed wate claimed, allowed, and gu lcms' paid; and alt and every such Laws, Enactments, and Provisions relating to the said Allowance* in force at the passing of this Act, and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine, and Forfeiture imposed for the Breach of any Act or Acts in force relating to the said Allowance hereby repealed, and the several Clauses, Powers, and Directions therein contained* shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied and put in execution for and in respect of, the said Allowance hereby granted, and the claiming, allowing, and paying the same, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act passed -S© much of In the Fourth Year Of the Reign of His late Majesty King George 4 G*4* c* 94* the Fourth, intituled An Act to gremteertain Duties of Excise upon

Spirits distilled from 'Com Or Grain in Scotland and Ireland, and given by Dis-

tipon Licences far Stills for making such Spirits, and to provide for tillers on com-

the better collecting and securing such Duties, and for the ware- meneing to use

housing of such Spiiits without Payment of Duty, as provides and unmalted>Gram

enacts, that if any Distiller who shall have given any such Notice

of using malted Corn only as aforesaid shall intend to commence p

or recommence to use unroalted Corn or Grain, or Malt mixed

with unmalted Grain, at any Time when there shall not be any

Wort or Wash in the Distillery of such Distiller, such Time being

at least One Calendar Month distant from the Time such Distiller

began to use Malt only under any such Notice, it shall be lawful for such Distiller, on giving Six Days previous Notice to the proper Officer, so to commence or recommence to use unmalted

Grain; and such Distiller shall not thereafter be liable to any such Penalty aforesaid, or be entitled to any such Allowance;

provided also, that if any Distiller using unmalted Corn and

Grain shall be desirous of commencing or recommencing to use

malted Corn only as aforesaid, at any Time when there shall not

be any Wort or Wash in the Distillery of such Distiller, such

Time being at least1 One Calendar Month from the Time such

Distiller shall have commenced dr recommenced using unmalted

Grain

C. 29.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Distiller intending to use Malt and claim the Allowance, to give Notice of his Intention at the Time of taking out his Licence; and if he shall afterwards distil from raw Grain, not to be allowed to give another Notice or claim the Allowance during the Remainder of his Licence.

Distiller and Maltster, entered as making Malt to be used in distilling Spirits from Malt only, to paint the same over his Premises.

Persons buying Malt from such Distillers or Maltsters to forfeit 100/.

Grain as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Distiller, on giving Six Days Notice as aforesaid, so to commence or recommence to use malted Corn only, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller who shall be licensed at the Time of this Act commencing and taking effect, and who shall intend to use Malt only, and to claim the Allowance herein granted, shall within One Month after the Commencement of this Act, and before he shall commence to brew any Wort or Wash, give Notice in Writing to the proper Officer of Excise in charge of his Distillery, in which Notice shall be stated that such Distiller intends to use Malt only, not being mixed with any unmalted Corn or Grain whatever, during the Continuance of his Licence; and every Distiller who shall be licensed after the Commencement of this Act, or who shall renew his Licence on the Expiration of any former Licence, and who shall intend to use Malt only, and to claim the said Allowance, shall at the Time of taking out or renewing his Licence give a like Notice to the Officer in charge of his Distillery; and no Allowance shall be granted or payable to any Distiller who shall not have given such Notice at the Times herein-before mentioned; and if any Distiller having given any such Notice shall withdraw the same, and commence to use raw Grain, which he may be allowed to do at any Time after the Expiration of One Month from the Date of such Notice, it shall not be lawful for such Distiller in such Distillery, or for any other Person licensed for the same Premises, to give any other Notice of his Intention to use Malt only, or to receive any Allowance in respect of Spirits distilled from Malt during the Remainder of the Year for which the Licence of such Distiller has been granted.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller and Maltster who shall make Entry as a Maltster or Maker of Malt, for the sole Purpose of being consumed in distilling Low Wines or Spirits made from Malt only, shall paint or cause to be painted, or shall place and fix, in Letters publicly visible and legible, and at least One Inch long, in and upon the principal or outward Gate or Entrance of his or her entered Malting Premises, his or her Name, together with the Words " Entered to make Malt to be used in distilling Malt Spirits onlyand in default of not painting or placing and fixing such Letters as aforesaid, or not preserving and keeping the same so painted, placed, and fixed, or not repainting or renewing the same as often as Necessity shall require, during the Continuance of his or her Entry as such Maltster or Maker of Malt, every such Distiller and Maker of Malt shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall knowingly buy or receive any Malt from any such Distiller, and every Person, other than a Distiller distilling Spirits from Malt only, who shall knowingly buy any Malt from any Maltster or Maker of Malt entered to make Malt to be used for distilling Spirits from Malt only, or who shall take or receive or cause to be taken or received any Malt from any Premises on the principal or outer Gate whereof the Words " Entered to make Malt to be used in distilling Malt Spirits only " shall be painted, fixed, or placed, shall forfeit One hundred Pounds.

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. c. 29. 93

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Maltster or Maker Maltsters, not of Malt, not being a Distiller, who shall make Malt to be used being Distillers, in distilling Spirits from Malt only, shall be subject and liable to subJ*ect to all the same Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Fines, and ties ^DistMers Forfeitures as are by Law provided in respect of a Distiller entered as Maltmaking Malt to be used in distilling Spirits from Malt only, as sters.

far as the same apply to such Distillers as Maltsters and Makers of Malt.

IX. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether a Distiller, No Distiller

having given Notice of his Intention to use Malt only, not being making Spirits mixed with any unmalted Corn or Grain, is subject to a Penalty fro?a Malt onl^ c for having unmalted Grain in his Distillery Premisesbe it GraiiToiThis therefore declared and enacted, That it shall not be lawful for Distillery Pre-any Distiller who shall have given Notice'of his Intention to use mises.

Malt only, not being mixed with any unmalted Corn or Grain whatever, to have, in any Part of his or her Distillery, or in any Building or Place at his or her Distillery, entered for depositing or for securing Malt, or in any Mill connected with such Distillery or entered Premises, or used by such Distiller for grinding Malt for the Use of his or her Distillery, or in any Room or Place, entered or not entered, having any open or internal Communication with any such Mill, any raw or unmalted Corn or Grain of any Kind whatsoever, either whole or unground, or ground or bruised, or mixed or unmixed with any Malt; and that all raw and unmalted Corn or Grain of any Kind whatsoever which shall be found in any such Distillery or Premises, or Mill, or Room or Place, and all malted Corn or Grain with which such raw unmalted Corn or Grain may have been or shall be mixed, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, together with all Sacks, Casks, Vessels, or Packages in which such raw unmalted Corn or Grain shall or may be contained, or in which such raw and unmalted Corn or Grain, and the malted Corn or Grain with which the same shall or may have been mixed, shall or may be found; and every Distiller shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller making Spirits No Distiller from Malt only, and claiming the Allowance herein granted, shall, making Spirits in his Distillery, or in any Premises belonging or adjoining from Malt only, thereto, or within Three hundred Yards of such Distillery or any AlTowamie, Part thereof, in a direct Line therefrom, make or begin to make shall make Malt (except for distilling Spirits from Malt only) any Malt, without on his Premises the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners of Excise, without the and complying with such Regulations as they may in that Behalf Consent of the order and provide; and if any such Distiller shall in his Distil- of°E^c\^°nerS lery, or in any Premises belonging or adjoining thereto, or within Three hundred Yards of such Distillery or any Part thereof, in a direct Line therefrom, make or begin to make (except for disr tilling Spirits from Malt only) any Malt, without the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners of Excise, and complying with such Regulations as they shall in that Behalf order or provide, every such Distiller shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Malt which shall be No Malt to be removed to the Distillery of any Distiller making Spirits from used m distil-

Malt hnSsPints

C. 89.

2°eUUEtMI IV.

A.p.1832.

from Malt only which shall not have been deposited at the Distillery Twenty-four Hours at least.

Malt, in being removed to or from the Mill, not to be conveyed through any Room containing raw Grain.

Commissioners may revoke Collector's Approval of Building for depositing Malt, Sec.

Exception in 11G.4. c. 17.

6.2. as to Maltsters in Scotland and Ireland making Malt for distilling Spirits from Malt only, repealed.

Molt only shall be forthwith deposited in the approved Building, Room, or Place for depositing and securing Malt, under the Locks of the Officer of Excise; and no Malt shall be used fox distilling or making Spirits from Malt only until the same has been deposited in such approved Building, Room, or Place, under the Locks of the Officer of Excise, for Twenty-four Hours at least; and every Distiller making Spirits from Malt only, who shall mash any Malt or distil any Spirits from any Malt which shall not have been deposited Twenty-four Hours at least under the Lock of the Officer of Excise, in the approved Building, Room, or Place for securing Malt at the Distillery of such Distiller, shall forfeit (hie hundred Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Malt to be used in distilling Spirits from Malt only shall, in removing the same to the Mill to be ground or bruised, or from the Mill after having been ground or bruised, be conveyed through any Room or Store entered for keeping or storing or which shall contain unmalted Corn or Crain; and all such Malt which shall be conveyed through any such Store or Room shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise, and the Distiller shall forfeit One hundred Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise at any Time to revoke the Approval of any Building, Room* or Place provided by any Distiller or Maltster for depositing and securing Malt which may have been approved of by the Collector and Supervisor of Excise, and to retire the Distiller or Maltster to provide another proper and secure Building, Room, or Place for the like Purpose, or to make any Alteration in any such Building, Room, or Place, or to provide any additional Locks, Fastenings, or other Securities to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners; and in case of Non-compliance with any Order of the Commissioners of Excise to such Effect, no Allowance shall be granted or payable on any Spirits distilled by the Distiller, or from Malt made by the Maltster, who shall refuse to comply with any such Order.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the Provision contained in an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to alter and amend an Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of His present Majesty, for consolidating and amending the Laws of Excise on Malt made in the United Kingdom, and for amending the Laws relating to Brewers in Ireland, and the Malt Allowance on Spirits in Scotland and Ireland, as excepts a Maltster or Maker of Malt in Scotland or Ireland making Malt to be consumed in distilling Low Wines and Spirits from Malt only from using any Kiln entered for making and drying Malt to dry and drying thereon any Corn or Grain not making into Malt, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and it shall be lawful for any such Maltster or Maker of Malt in Scotland or Ireland tp use any such entered Kiln for drying and to dry thereon any Corn or Grain not making into Malt, under the same Regulations and in the same Manner as any other Maltster or Maker of Malt is by the said Provisions authorized to do.

A.D. 1832.

2° GULIELMI IV. C. 29 — 31.

95

[Commencement of Act.]

Act may be altered this Session.

CAP. XXX.

An Act to apply the Sum of Three Millions, out of the Consolidated Fund, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

[9th April 1832.]

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect on the Twenty-second Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or any of the Provisions thereof, may be amended, altered, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to regulate the Baking Trade in Ireland.

[23d May 1832.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to regulate the Sale of Bread in Ireland, and in manner herein-after mentioned:* Be it

therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Bread which shall hereafter be sold or exposed or offered for Sale in Ireland shall be made of any of the several Ingredients herein-after mentioned; that is to say, of the Flour or Meal of Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Buck Wheat, Indian Corn, Peas, Beans, Rice, or other Grain, or of Potatoes, such Ingredients being mixed with common Salt, pure Water, Eggs, Milk, Yeast, Barm, Leaven, or Potatoe Yeast, or with any of such last-mentioned Ingredients, in such Proportions as the Makers or Sellers of Bread shall think fit.

II. And be it further enacted, That Bread shall henceforth be sold in Ireland by Weight only, and not by Measure; and that it shall not be competent for any Person or Persons to maintain any Suit or Action at Law or Equity for the Price or Value of any Bread sold in Ireland otherwise than by Weight; and that every Person who shall sell or expose or offer for Sale in Ireland any Bread shall keep continually in some convenient Part of the Shop, or carry with him, if the Bread be. carried about for Sale, a Beam and Scales, with proper Weights, in order that every Person who may purchase any such Bread m^y, if he or she shall think proper, require the same to be weighed in his or her Presence.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall sell or expose or offer for Sale any Bread by Measure, or otherwise than by Weight, or shall sell or offer or expose for Sale any Bread made wholly or in part of any Ingredient or Thing not herein-before mentioned, or shall sell or expose or offer for Sale any Bread in any Shop or other Place in which such Beam, Scales, and Weights as aforesaid shall not be there kept, in manner aforesaid, for the Purpose aforesaid, or shall, when thereunto required by any Person who may be desirous or about to purchase any such Bread, refuse, in the Presence of such Person, to weigh the same in such Scales and with such Weights as aforesaid, each and every

All Bread offered for Sale in Ireland shall be made of any of the several Ingredients herein mentioned.

Bread shall be sold by Weight only.

Sellers of Bread to keep Scales and Weights for the weighing of Bread.

Punishment of Persons acting contrary to the' Enactments hereof.

96

C. 31.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Application of Fines.

Form of Conviction.

Appeal.

Proviso for Places in which particular Statutes exist.

Nothing herein to extend to Fancy Bread.

[Commencement of Act.]

[Public Act.]

every Person so offending shall for each and every such Offence incur a Fine not exceeding Five Pounds or less than Five Shillings, as the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom such Offender shall be convicted, shall think fit to order and direct; and in default of Payment of such Fine within Three Days after Notice of such Conviction, it shall be lawful to and for the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall have been convicted, by his or their Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender to be apprehended and committed to the House of Correction of the City, County, or Place where the Offence shall have been committed or where the Offender shall have been apprehended, there to remain for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month from the Time of such Commitment, as such Justice or Justices shall think fit to order.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines imposed under this Act shall be applied to the Benefit of the Hospital, Infirmary, or Dispensary of the Parish in which such Offence shall have been committed.

V. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Conviction shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, the Form of Conviction shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

HE it remembered, That on this Day of in the

Year of the Reign of A.B. is convicted

before me [or us], Justice [or Justices] of the Peace for the ' of having [as the Offence shall be-\; and I [or we]

the said do adjudge him [or her] to forfeit and pay the Sum of . Given under my Hand

and Seal [or our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year aforesaid. '

VI. And be it further enacted, That any Person so convicted under this Act shall have the Power to appeal against such Conviction, on giving sufficient Security that he will prosecute such Appeal, to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where such Conviction shall have been made.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to any County, City, Town, or District in Ireland for which a particular Statute for regulating the Baking Trade or the Assize of Bread is now in force and shall continue to be in force.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained extends or shall be construed to extend to the making or Sale of such Bread as is usually made and sold under the Denomination of French or Fancy Bread, or Rolls or Cakes.

IX. And be it enacted, That this Act, and every Matter and Thing therein contained, shall have effect and be in force from, and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after the passing thereof, and not sooner.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 32.

97

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for the Erection of a Nisi Prius Court House in Dublin.

[23d May 1832.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland 4 in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for enabling ike Lord High Chancellor and the Court of Exchequer respectively to make Orders on the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland,

for Payment, out of the General Fund of Monies belonging to the Suitors of the Courts of Chancery avid Exchequer, of the Sum 4 therein mentioned towards building the principal Courts of Justice at Dublin, and Law Offices; and for amending an Act, intituled 4 4 An Act for better securing the Monies and Effects of the Suitors ' of the Court of Chancery and Court of Exchequer, by depositing 4 4 the same in the National Bank, and to prevent the forging and 4 4 counterfeiting any Draff Order, or other Voucher for the Payment 4 4 or Delivery of such Money or Effects, and for other Purposes/ it is amongst other Things enacted, that out of the General Fund of the Monies of the Suitors of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery and Court of Exchequer, which then were or should be deposited in the Bank of Ireland, the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland should, within the Space of Three Years from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety, pay to the Lord High Chancellor and Chief Judges, towards building the Courts and Offices therein mentioned, the Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, in manner therein provided: And whereas by another Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for enabling the Lord High Chancellor of Ireland and the Court of Exchequer respectively to make Orders on the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, for Payment, out of the General Fund of Monies belonging to die Suitors of the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer, of the further Sum therein mentioned, towards building the principal Courts of Justice at Dublin, and Law 4 Offices, and for declaring that all Government Securities purchased for the Governor and Directors of the said Bank, and Profits arising therefrom, should be placed to the Account of the Governor and Company of the said Bank, it was amongst other Things enacted, that a further Sum of Thirteen thousand five hundred Pounds should be paid out of the said Fund to the Lord High Chancellor and Chief Judges, towards building the said Courts and Offices: And whereas the Dispatch of Business in the said Courts would be much facilitated by providing an additional Court House in which Causes may be tried at Nisi Prius during Term, so as not to interrupt the Business of any of the other Courts, and in which the Court of Error, commonly called the Exchequer Chambers, may also hold its Sittings without Interruption to the Business of the Rolls Court Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the 2 Gul. IV, H Autho-

30 G. 3. (I.)

34 G. 3. (I.)

98

C. 32.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 182.

Monies -Authorized to he advanced out of the General Fund of the Monies of the Suitors of the Court of Chancery and Court of Exchequer for the building a new Court of Nisi Prius.

Judges of the King's Bench and Common Pleas, and Barons of the Exchequer, may sit in the new Court House.

Authority of the same, That out of the said General Fund of the Monies of the Suitors of the said High Court of Chancery and Court of Exchequer, which now are or shall be deposited in the Bank of Ireland, the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland shall, from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, from Time to Time, as may be required, pay to the Commissioners for the Extension and Promotion of Public Works in Ireland, for building the said Court House (and also for improving the Accommodations in the present principal Courts of Justice in Dublin) , any further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Four thousand Pounds, upon any Order or Orders which the Lord High Chancellor, or the Lord High Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Ireland, for the Time being, and the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer for the Time being, shall respectively make for that Purpose in each Year respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Judges of the Court of King's Bench, or any One or more of them, and for the Judges of the Court of Common Pleas, or any One or more of them, and for the Barons of the Court of Exchequer, or any One or more of them, to sit in the said new Court House, and there to hear, try, and determine all or any Issues, Civil or Criminal, joined or to be joined in the said respective Courts, and to pronounce Judgment and make Orders, and to have and exercise in the said new Court House all the same

Powers, Privileges, and Authorities as if such Judges or Barons respectively were sitting in their said respective Courts; and that all Process, Orders, Acts, and Proceedings, so to, from, and in the said new Court House to be made and had, shall be valid and effectual as if made and had in the said Courts respectively; and that all Jurors, Parties, Witnesses, Sheriffs, Bailiffs, and others shall be bound and are hereby required to attend before the said Judges and Barons respectively, or any Judge or Baron presiding as aforesaid, in the said new Court House, as fully and effectually as if the said Judges or Judge, Barons or Baron, were sitting in their said respective Courts.

Providing, in

III. And be it further enacted, That if it shall happen that the

case the said General Fund belonging to the Suitors of the said Courts shall at

Slbe1 ^d^ed ^me be reduced to a Sum not greater than the Amount of L what Manner *be Sums in the said recited Acts mentioned and required to be it shall be repaid by the Governors and Company of the said Bank, and the imbursedforthe Sum of Four thousand Pounds, which by this Act may be paid Purposes of this out of such General Fund, the Governor of the said Bank shall Act* from Time to Time be reimbursed, from and out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, so much of the several Sums in the said Acts mentioned, and of the said Sum of Four thousand Pounds, as shall have been paid by the said Governor and Company by virtue of this Act, or so much as shall appear to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or to the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to be necessary to provide a Fund sufficient to answer the Demands of the Suitors of the said Courts upon the said Bank.

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 33.

99

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to effectuate the Service of Process issuing from the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer in England and Ireland respectively.

[23d May 1832.]

WHEREAS great Inconvenience and Delays of Justice

* arise from the Defect of Jurisdiction in Courts of Equity

to effectuate the Service of their Process in such Parts of the ' United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland as are not within ' the Jurisdiction of the said respective Courts; for Remedy whereof be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing Courts of Chan-of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Courts of Chancery cery and Ex-and of Exchequer in England respectively, if they shall so think SufDg-

fit, upon special Motion of the Complainant or Complainants in J^cerning118 any Suit which has been or shall be instituted in such Courts re- Lands, &c. in spectively, concerning Lands or Tenements or Hereditaments England, em-situate or being within that Part of the United Kingdom called powered to England or Wales, to order and direct that Service in any Part of 40

the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and in the oth^Part of Isle of Man respectively, of any Subpoena or Subpoenas, Letter the United Missive or Letters Missive, and of all subsequent Process to be Kingdom, had thereon, upon any Defendant or Defendants in such Suit then residing in such Part of the said United Kingdom or Isle of Man in which he, she, or they shall be so served, shall be deemed good Service of or be made upon such Defendant or Defendants, upon such Terms and in such Manner and at such Time as to such Courts respectively shall seem reasonable; and that thereupon it shall and may be lawful for such Courts respectively to proceed upon such Service so made as aforesaid as fully and as effectually as if the same had been duly made within the JuYis-dictions of such Courts respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful CouitsofChan-for the Courts of Chancery and of Exchequer in Ireland respec- cel7 and Ex-tively, if they shall so think fit, upon special Motion of the Com- jC^Uj^ gfu?^e' plainant or Complainants in any Suit which has been or shall be concerning11 instituted in such Courts respectively, concerning Lands or Tene- Lands, 8cc. in ments or Hereditaments situate or being within that Part of the Ireland, em-United Kingdom called Ireland, to order and direct that Service, powered to in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and in the Isle of Man respectively, of any Subpoena or Subpoenas, o^her Parts of* Letter Missive or Letters Missive, and of all subsequent Process the United to be had thereupon, upon any Defendant or Defendants in such Kingdom.

Suit then residing in such Part of the said United Kingdom or.

Isle of Man in which he, she, or they shall be so served, shall be deemed good Service of or be made upon such Defendant or Defendants, upon such Terms and in such Manner and at such Time as to such Courts respectively shall seem reasonable; and that thereupon it shall and may be lawful for such Courts respectively to proceed upon such Service so made as aforesaid as

H 2 fully

2° GULIELMI IV.

With Subpoena served under this Act a Copy of the Prayer of the Bill to be 'served; and no Process of Contempt to be entered without special Order.

Repeal of Stat. de Moneta, temp, incerti; vulgo20Edw.l, st. 4, 5, & 6.

27 Edw.l.st.l.

9 Edw.S.st.2.

17 Edw.2.

18 Edw. 3. st.l.

25 Edw- 3. st.5. c. 2. c. 12. c. 13.

27 Edw. 3. St2. c. 14.

3 Hen. 5. st. 2. cc. 6 & 7.

A.D. 1832.

fully and as effectually as if the same had been duly made within the Jurisdiction of such Courts respectively.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That along with such Subpoena or Letter Missive served under any such Order, as aforesaid of the said Courts of Chancery and of Exchequer of England and of Ireland respectively, a Copy of the Prayer of such Complainant's Bill shall be served upon every such Defendant; and provided also, that no Process of Contempt shall be entered upon any such Proceedings as herein-before mentioned, nor any Decree made absolute in any of the said Courts in England or Ireland respectively, without the special Order of such Court, upon special Motion made for such Purpose: Provided also, that nothing in this Act shall be held to make it compulsory upon the Complainant or Complainants in any Suit in any of the said respective Courts to serve with Process or bring before such Courts respectively any Party or Parties, Person or Persons, further or otherwise than such Complainant or Complainants are now by Law or the Practice of such Courts respectively required to do.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws against Offences relating to the Coin.

[23d May 1832.]

WHEREAS the Offence of counterfeiting the Coin, as well as certain other Offences relating to the Coin, are now by virtue of several Statutes punishable with Death: And whereas it is expedient to abolish the Punishment of Death in all such Cases, and to repeal the several Statutes against Offences relating to the Coin, in order that the Provisions thereof may be amended and consolidated into One Act be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the following Statutes and Parts of Statutes made in the Parliament of England, that is to say, the Statutes concerning Money, commonly cited as of the Twentieth Year of the Reign of King Edward the First, and respectively intituled Statutum de Moneta, Statutum de Moneta parvum, and Articuli de Moneta; and a Statute made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the same Reign, intituled Statutum de falsa Moneta; and a Statute made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King Edward the Third, commonly intituled The Statute of Money; and the Statute made in the Seventeenth Year of the same Reign; and so much of a Statute made in the Eighteenth Year of the same Reign as relates to false Money; and so much of a Statute made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the same Reign as relates to counterfeiting the King's Money, and to bringing false Money into this Realm; and so much of the same Statute as relates to taking Profit by Exchange of Gold and Silver, and to the impairing the Money of Gold and Silver; and so much of a Statute made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the same Reign, intituled Ordinatio Stapularum, as relates to the Forfeiture of false Money; and so much of a Statute made in the Third Year of the Reign of King Henry the

Fifth

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 34.

101

Fifth as relates to clipping, washing, and filing of the Money of the Land, and to the Persons who shall have Power to hear, determine, or inquire of the counterfeiting and of the bringing of false Money into the Realm, and of clipping, washing, and every other Falsity of the said Money; and an Act passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Seventh, intituled Pro 19 Hen. 7. c. 5. Rrformaciom Peeuniarum; and an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth, intituled An Act touching the Exchange of Gold and Silver; and an Act 5 & 6 Edw.6. passed in the First Year of the Reign of Queen Mary, intituled c *

An Act against counterfeiting of strange Coins being current within l Mary, st 2. this Realm, or of the Queens Highness* Sign Manual, Signet, or c*6-Privy Seal; and an Act passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of King Philip and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for 1 & 2 Ph. & M. the Punishment of bringing in of counterfeit Coins of Foreign Realms c. 11.

Iteing current within this Realm; and an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act against 5 Eliz. c. it. clipping, washing, rounding, or filing of Coins; and an Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of the same Reign, intituled An Act against h Eliz. c. 3. the forging and counterfeiting of Foreign Coin being not current within this Realm; and an Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of the same Reign, intituled An Act against the diminishing and 18 Eliz. c. 1. impairing of the Queen's Majesty's Coin, and other Coins lawfully current within this Realm; and so much of an Act passed in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled An Act to prevent counterfeiting and clipping the 6 & 7 W. 3* Coin of this Kingdom, as relates to any Person who shall exchange, c. 17. lend, sell, borrow, buy, receive, or pay any Broad Silver Money, ss* 2- 4. & 12. or Silver Money unclipped, for more than the same was coined for or ought by Law to go for, or who shall buy or sell or knowingly have in his Custody or Possession any Clippings or Filings of the current Coin, and so much of the said Act as relates to the Discovery of any Offences touching the Coin of the Realm; and an Act passed in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the same Reign, intituled An Act for the better preventing the counterfeiting the current 8 & 9 W.s. c. 26. Coin of this Kingdom; and an Act passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the same Reign, intituled An Act for the better preventing 9 & 10 W.3. the counterfeiting, clipping, and other diminishing the Coin of this «-2i. Kingdom; and so much of an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for continuing the Act 1 Ann. sui. <*.9. made in the Eighth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, for better preventing the counterfeiting the current Coin of this Kingdom, as relates to continuing the said last-mentioned Act, and to the Periods for commencing Prosecutions for certain Offences against the said last-mentioned Act; and the following Acts and Parts of Acts passed in the Parliament of Great Britain; that is to say, so much of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for continuing the former Act for the 7 Ann. c. 24. Encouragement of the Coinage, and to encourage the bringing Foreign s. 4.

Coins, and British or Foreign Plate to be coined, and for making Provision for the Mints in Scotland, and for the prosecuting Offences concerning the Coin in England, as relates to the Expences of prosecuting Offences in counterfeiting, diminishing, or otherwise

H 3 con-

C. 34.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

7 Ann. c. 25.

ss. 1 & 2.

15 G. 2. c. 28.

1J G.3. c. 40.

13 G. 3. c. 71.

37 G. 3. c. 126.

s. 1.

56 G. 3. c. 68. ss. 13 to 16.

3 G.4. c. 114.

7 G.4. c. 9.

Scotch Acts repealed.

6 Pari. Jac. 2.

5 Pari. Jac. 3.

8 Pari. Jac. 3.

concerning the current Coins of Great Britain, in that Part thereof called England; and so much of an Act passed in the same Year, intituled An Act for making perpetual an Act for the better preventing the counterfeiting the current Coin of this Kingdom, as also an Act for giving like Remedy upon Promissory Notes as is used upon Bills of Exchange, and for the better Payment of Inland Bills of Exchange, and also for continuing several Acts made in the Fourth and Fifth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, for preventing Frauds committed by Bankrupts, as relates to making perpetual the Act of the Eighth Year of the Reign of King William the Third therein mentioned, and to the Period for commencing Prosecutions for certain Offences against the said Act of King William; and an Act passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more effectual preventing the counterfeiting of the current Coin of this Kingdom, and the uttering or paying false or counterfeit Coin; and an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the more effectually preventing the counterfeiting the Copper Coin of this Realm; and an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the same Reign, intituled An Act for the better preventing the counterfeiting, clipping, and other diminishing the Gold Coin in this Kingdom; and so much of an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the same Reign, intituled An Act to prevent the counterfeiting any Copper Coin in this Realm made or to be made current by Proclamation, or any Foreign Gold or Silver Coin, and to prevent the bringing into this Realm or uttering any counterfeit Foreign Gold or Silver Coin, as relates to Copper Money; and certain Parts of the following Acts passed in the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; that is to say, so much of an Act passed in the Fifty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to provide for a new Silver Coinage, and to regulate the Currency of the Gold and Silver Coin of this Realm, as relates to any Person who shall receive or pay for any Gold Coin any more or less than the true Value which such Gold Coin shall by its Denomination import, or who shall utter or receive any Gold Coin at any greater or less Rate or Value than the same shall be current for as therein mentioned; and so much of an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to provide for the more effectual Punishment of certain Offences, by Imprisonment with hard Labour, as relates to any Person convicted of being an Utterer of counterfeit Money; and so much of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the same Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the more effectual Punishment of certain Offences in Ireland, by Imprisonment with hard Labour, as relates to any Person convicted of being an Utterer of counterfeit Money; and the following Acts passed in the Parliament of Scotland; that is to say, an Act passed in the Sixth Parliament of King James the Second of Scotland, concerning Money and False Coin; and an Act passed in the Fifth Parliament of King James the Third of Scotland, concerning Black Money of other Realms, and Counterfeits of the King's Black Money; and an Act passed in the Eighth Parliament of the said King James the Third, ordaining, that neither Silver nor Gold Coin

be

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 34.

103 *

be molten or put to the Fire without Licence of the King; and an Act passed in the Seventh Parliament of King James the Fifth of Scotland, intituled Tuicking the Croun of Wecht; and another Act passed in the same Seventh Parliament, intituled Of them that counterfeit the King's Money; and an Act passed in the Ninth Parliament of Queen Mary of Scotland, intituled Anentis the carrying and having of Gold and Silver furth of the Realm; and another Act passed in the same Ninth Parliament, intituled Anentis the Hame-bringing of False Cuinzie, and using of the samin within this Realm, and als anentis Forgers and Markers thereof within the samin; and an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, passed in the First Parliament of King James the Sixth of Scotland\ intituled Anent Cunzie; and another Act of the Parliament of Scotland, passed in the same First Parliament, intituled Anent fals Cunzie; and an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made in the First Parliament of King William the Third, intituled Act against false coming and clipping of Money; and the following Acts and Parts of Acts passed in the Parliament of Ireland; that is to say, an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King Edward the Fourth, intituled An Act against Clipped Money; and an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act against forging and counterfeiting of Foreign Coin; and an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the better preventing the counterfeiting the current Coin of this Kingdom; and so much of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled An Act for continuing, reviving, and amending several Statutes made in this Kingdom heretofore temporary, as relates to the said last-mentioned Act of Queen Anne; and an Act passed in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for more effectually preventing the counterfeiting of the current Coin of this Kingdom, and the uttering or paying of false or counterfeit Coin; and an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the same Reign, intituled An Act to prevent the Practice of fraudulently buying and selling of light Coin in this Kingdom; shall be and continue in force until and throughout the last Day of April in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, and shall from and after that Day be repealed, except so far as any of the said Acts may repeal the Whole or any Part of any other Acts, or may be in force in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions out of the United Kingdom, and except as to Offences and other Matters committed or done before or upon the said last Day of April, which shall be dealt with and punished as if this Act had not been passed: Provided always, that if any Person shall, after the Commencement of this Act, be convicted of any Offence against any of the said Acts committed before or upon the said last Day of April, and such Offence shall have been punishable with Death by virtue of any of the said Acts, in every such Case the Person convicted of such Offence shall not suffer the Punishment of Death, but shall in lieu thereof be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for' Life or for any Term not less than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned, with or without hard Labour, for any Term not exceeding Four Years.

H 4 II. And

7 Pari. Jac. 5. 7 Pari. Jac. 5. 9 Pari. Mary. 9 Pari. Mary.

1 Pari. Jac. 6.

1 Pari. Jac. 6.

1 Pari. W. (S ) Irish Acts repealed.

SEdw.4. c. 3. 28 Eliz. c. 6.

8 Ann. c. 6.

4 G. 1. c. 9. s.5.

23 & 24 G. 3. c. 50.

26 G. 3. c. 39.

Offences committed previous to the Repeal may be tried under the old Acts after the Repeal; but the Punishment not to be Capital.

C. 34.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

[Commencement of Act.]

Counterfeiting the Gold or Silver Coin; Transportation lor Life.

Offence when deemed complete.

Colouring counterfeit Coin or any Pieces of Metal with Intent to make them pass for Gold or Silver Coin;

colouring or altering genuine Coin, with Intent to make it pass for a higher Coin; Transportation for Life, &c.

Impairing the Gold or Silver Coin, with Intent, &c .; Transportation for 14 Years.

II. And be it enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect on the First Day of May in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

III. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall falsely make or counterfeit any Coin resembling, or apparently intended to resemble or pass for, any of the King's current Gold or Silver Coin, every such Offender shall, in England and Ireland, be guilty of Felony, and in Scotland of a high Crime and Offence, and, being convicted thereof, shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for Life or for any Term not less than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Four Years; and every such Offence shall be deemed to be complete although the Coin so made or counterfeited shall not be in a fit State to be uttered, or the counterfeiting thereof shall not be finished or perfected.

IV. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall gild of silver, or shall, with any Wash or Materials capable of producing the Colour of Gold or of Silver, wash, colour, or case over, any Coin whatsoever resembling or apparently intended to resemble or pass for any of the King's current Gold or Silver Coin, or if any Person shall gild or silver, or shall, with any Wash or Materials capable of producing the Colour of Gold or of Silver, wash, colour, or case over, any Piece of Silver or Copper, or of coarse Gold or coarse Silver, or of any Metal or Mixture of Metals respectively, being of a fit Size and Figure to be coined, and with Intent that the same shall be coined, into false and counterfeit Coin resembling or apparently intended to resemble or pass for any of the King's current Gold or Silver Coin; or if any Person shall gild, or shall, with any Wash or Materials capable of producing the Colour of Gold, wash, colour, or case over, any of the King's current Silver Coin, or file or in any Manner alter such Coin, with Intent to make the same resemble or pass for any of the King's current Gold Coin; or if any Person shall gild or silver, or shall, with any Wash or Materials capable of producing the Colour of Gold or of Silver, wash, colour, or case over, any of the King's current Copper Coin, or file or in any Manner alter such Coin, with Intent to make the same resemble or pass for any of the King's current Gold or Silver Coin; every such Offender shall, in England and Ireland, be guilty of Felony, and in Scotland of a high Crime and Offence, and, being convicted thereof, shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for Life or for any Term not less than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Four Years.

V. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall impair, diminish, or lighten any of the King's current Gold or Silver Coin, with Intent to make the Coin so impaired, diminished, or lightened pass for the King's current Gold or Silver Coin, every such Offender shall, in England and Ireland, be guilty of Felony, and in Scotland of a high Crime and Offence, and, being convicted thereof, shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years nor less than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Three Years.

2° GULIELMI IV. C. 34.

105

VI. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall buy, sell, receive, pay, or put off, or offer to buy, sell, receive, pay, or put off, any false or counterfeit Coin resembling, or apparently intended to resemble or pass for, any of the King's current Gold or Silver Coin, at or for a lower Rate or Value than the same by its Denomination imports or was coined or counterfeited for; or if any Person shall import into the United Kingdom from beyond the Seas any false or counterfeit Coin resembling, or apparently intended to resemble or pass for, any of the King's current Gold or Silver Coin, knowing the same to be false or counterfeit; every such Offender shall, in England and Ireland, be guilty of Felony, and in Scotland of a high Crime and Offence, and, being convicted thereof, shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for Life or for any Term not less than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Four Years.

VII. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall tender, utter, or put off any false or counterfeit Coin resembling, or apparently intended to resemble or pass for, any of the Kings current Gold or Silver Coin, knowing the same to be false or counterfeit, every such Offender shall, in England wadi Ireland, be guilty of a Mis<] lemeanor, and in Scotland of a Crime and Offence, and, being convicted thereof, shall be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding One Year; and if any Person shall tender, utter, or put off any false or counterfeit Coin resembling, or apparently intended to resemble or pass for, any of the King's current Gold or Silver Coin, knowing the same to be false or counterfeit, and such Person shall, at the Time of such tendering, uttering, or putting off, have in his Possession, besides the false or counterfeit Coin so tendered, uttered, or put off, One or more Piece or Pieces of false or counterfeit Coin resembling, or apparently intended to resemble or pass for, any of the King's current Gold or Silver Coin, or shall, either on the Day of such tendering, uttering, or putting off, or within the Space of Ten Days then next ensuing, tender, utter, or put off any more or other false or counterfeit Coin resembling, or apparently intended to resemble or pass for, any of the King's current Gold or Silver Coin, knowing the same to be false or counterfeit, every such Offender shall, in England and Ireland\ be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and in Scotland of a Crime and Offence, and, being convicted thereof, shall be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Two Years; and if any Person who shall have been convicted of any of the Misdemeanors, or Crimes and Offences, herein-before mentioned, shall afterwards commit any of the said Misdemeanors, or Crimes and Offences, such Person shall, in England and Ireland, be deemed guilty of Felony, and in Scotland of a high Crime and Offence, and, being convicted thereof, shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for Life or for any Term not less than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Four Years.

VIII. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall have in his Custody or Possession Three or more Pieces of false or counterfeit Coin resembling, or apparently intended to resemble or pass for, any of the King's current Gold or Silver Coin, knowing the same

Buying or selling, &c. counterfeit Gold or Silver Coin for lower Value than its Denomination; importing counterfeit Coin; Transportation for Life, &c.

Uttering counterfeit Gold or Silver Coin; Imprisonment.

Uttering, accompanied by Possession of other counterfeit Coin, or followed by a second uttering; . Imprisonment.

Every second Offence of uttering, after at previous Conviction, shall be Felony; Transportation for Life, &c.

Having Three or more Pieces of counterfeit Gold or Silver Coin in Posses-

Go< e

C. 34.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

sion, &c., with Intent, &c .; Imprisonment.

Second Offence, Felony and Transportation.

What shall be sufficient Evidence of a Conviction for a previous Offence against this Act.

Making, mending, or having Possession of any coining Tools, Felony; Transportation for Life, &c.

same to be false or counterfeit, and with Intent to utter or put off the same, every such Offender shall, in England and Ireland, be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and in Scotland of a Crime and Offence, and, being convicted thereof, shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Three Years; and if any Person so convicted shall afterwards commit the like Misdemeanor, or Crime and Offence, such Person shall, in England and Ireland, be deemed guilty of Felony, and in Scotland of a high Crime and Offence, and, being convicted thereof, shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for Life or for any Term not less than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Four Years.

IX. And be it enacted, That where any Person shall have been convicted of any Offence against this Act shall afterwards be indicted for any Offence against this Act committed subsequent to such Conviction, a Copy of the previous Indictment and Conviction, purporting to be signed and certified as a true Copy by the Clerk of the Court or other Officer having the Custody of the Records of the Court where the Offender was first convicted, or by the Deputy of such Clerk or Officer, shall, upon Proof of the Identity of the Person of the Offender, be sufficient Evidence of the previous Indictment and Conviction, without Proof of the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed and certified the same; and for every such Copy a Fee of Six Shillings and Eight-pence, and no more, shall be demanded or taken; and if any such Clerk, Officer, or Deputy shall certify or utter as true any false Copy of any Indictment or Conviction for any Offence against this Act, knowing the same to be false, or if any Person, other than such Clerk, Officer, or Deputy, shall sign or certify any Copy of any such Indictment or Conviction as such Clerk, Officer, or Deputy, or shall utter any Copy thereof with a false or counterfeit Signature thereto, knowing the same to be false or counterfeit, every such Offender shall, in England and Ireland, be guilty of Felony, and in Scotland of a high Crime and Offence, and, being convicted thereof, shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years nor less than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Two Years.

X. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly, and without lawful Authority (the Proof of which Authority shall lie on the Party accused) , make or mend, or begin or proceed to make or mend, or buy or sell, or shall, knowingly and without lawful Excuse (the Proof of which Excuse shall lie on the Party accused) , have in his Custody or Possession any Puncheon, Counter-puncheon, Matrix, Stamp, Die, Pattern, or Mould in or upon which there shall be made or impressed, or which will make or impress, or which shall be intended to make or impress, the Figure, Stamp, or apparent Resemblance of both or either of the Sides of any of the King's current Gold or Silver Coin, or any Part or Parts of both or either of such Sides; or if any Person shall, without lawful Authority (the Proof whereof shall lie on the Party accused) , make or mend, or begin or proceed to make

or

2° GULIELMI IV. C. 34.

107

or mend, or buy or sell, or shall, without lawful Excuse (the Proof whereof shall lie on the Party accused) , have in his Custody or Possession, any Edger, Edging Tool, Collar, Instrument, or Engine adapted and intended for the marking of Coin round the Edges with Letters, Grainings, or other Marks or Figures apparently resembling those on the Edges of any of the King's current Gold or Silver Coin, such Person knowing the same to be so adapted and intended as aforesaid; or if any Person shall, without lawful Authority, to be proved as aforesaid, make or mend, or begin or proceed to make or mend, or by or sell, or shall, without lawful Excuse, to be proved as aforesaid, have in his Custody or Possession, any Press for Coinage, or any Cutting Engine for cutting by force of a Screw or of any other Contrivance round Blanks out of Gold, Silver, or other Metal, such Person knowing such Press to be a Press for Coinage, or knowing such Engine to have been used or to be intended to be used for or in order to the counterfeiting of any of the King's current Gold or Silver Coin; every such Offender shall, in England and Ireland, be guilty of Felony, and in Scotland of a high Crime and Offence, and, being convicted thereof, shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for Life or for any Term not less than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Four Years.

XI. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall, without lawful Authority, the Proof whereof shall lie upon the Party accused, knowingly convey out of any of His Majesty's Mints any Puncheon, Counter-puncheon, Matrix, Stamp, Die, Pattern, Mould, Edger, Edging Tool, Collar, Instrument, Press, or Engine used or employed in or about the coining of Coin, or any useful Part of any of the several Matters aforesaid, or any Coin, Bullion, Metal or Mixture of Metals, every such Offender shall, in England and Ireland, be guilty of Felony, and in Scotland of a high Crime and Offence, and, being convicted thereof, shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for Life or for any Term not less than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Four Years.

XII. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall falsely make or counterfeit any Coin resembling, or apparently intended to resemble or pass for, any of the King's current Copper Coin; or if any Person shall knowingly, and without lawful Authority (the Proof of which Authority shall lie on the Party accused)/ make or mend, or begin or proceed to make or mend, or buy or sell, or shall, knowingly, and without lawful Excuse (the Proof of which Excuse shall lie on the Party accused) , have in his Custody or Possession any Instrument, Tool, or Engine adapted and intended for the counterfeiting any of the King's current Copper Coin; or if any Person shall buy, sell, receive, pay, or put off, or offer to buy, sell, receive, pay, or put off, any false or counterfeit Coin resembling, or apparently intended to resemble or pass for, any of the King's current Copper Coin, at or for a lower Rate or Value than the same by its Denomination imports or was coined or counterfeited for; every such Offender shall, in England and Ireland, be guilty of Felony, and in Scotland of a high Crime and Offence, and, being convicted thereof, shall be liable, at the

Discretion

Conveying Tools or Monies out of the Mint without Authority, Felony; Transportation for Life, &c.

Various Offences relating to the Copper Coin.

C. 34.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Coin suspected to be diminished or counterfeit may be cut by any Person to whom it is tendered.

Who shall bear the Loss.

Provision for the Discovery and Seizure of counterfeit Coin and coining Tools, for securing them as Evidence, and for ultimately disposing of them.

Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seat*-for any Term not exceeding Seven Years, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Two Years; and if any Person shall tender, utter, or put off any false or counterfeit Coin resembling *, or apparently intended to resemble or pass for, any of the King's current Copper Coin, knowing the same to be false or counterfeit, or shall have in his Custody or Possession Three or more Pieces of false or counterfeit Coin resembling, or apparently intended to resemble or pass for, any of the King's current Copper Coin, knowing the same to be false or counterfeit, and with Intent to-utter or put off the same, every such Offender shall, in England and Ireland, be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and in Scotland of a. Crime and Offence, and, being convicted thereof, shall be liable to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding One Year.

XIII. And be it enacted, That where any Gold or Silver Coin shall be tendered to any Person, who shall suspect any Piece or Pieces thereof to be diminished otherwise than by reasonable wearing, or to be counterfeit, it shall be lawful for such Person to cut, break, or deface such Piece or Pieces; and if any Piece so cut, broken, or defaced shall appear to be diminished otherwise than by reasonable wearing, or to be counterfeit, the Person tendering the same shall bear the Loss thereof; but if the same shall be of due Weight, and appear to be lawful Coin, the Person cutting, breaking, or defacing the same is hereby required to receive the same at the Rate it was coined for; and if any Dispute shall arise, whether the Piece so cut, broken, or defaced be diminished in manner aforesaid, or counterfeit, it shall be heard and finally determined in a summary Manner by any Justice of the Peace, who is hereby empowered to examine upon Oath as well the Parties as any other Person, in order to the Decision of such Dispute; and the Tellers at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, and their Deputies and Clerks, and the Receivers General of every Branch of His Majesty's Revenue, are hereby required to cut, break, or deface, or cause to be cut, broken, or defaced, every Piece of counterfeit or unlawfully-diminished Gold or Silver Coin which shall be tendered to them in Payment of any Part of His Majesty's Revenue.

XIV. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall find or discover in any Place whatever, or in the Possession of any Person having the same without lawful Excuse, any false or counterfeit Coin resembling, or apparently intended to resemble or pass for, any of the King's current Gold, Silver, or Copper Coin, or any. Instrument, Tool, or Engine whatsoever adapted and intended for the counterfeiting of any such Coin, it shall be lawful for the Person so finding or discovering and he is hereby required to seize the same, and to carry the same forthwith before some Justice of the Peace; and where it shall be proved, on the Oath of a credible Witness before any Justice of the Peace, that there is reasonable Cause to suspect that any Person has been concerned in counterfeiting the King s current Gold, Silver, or Copper Coin, or has in his Custody or Possession any such counterfeit Coin, or any Instrument, Tool, or Engine whatsoever adapted and intended for the counterfeiting of any such Coin, it shall be lawful for such Justice, by Warrant under his Hand, to cause any Place

2° GULIELMI IV. C. 34.

109

Place whatsoever belonging to or in the Occupation or under the Controul of such suspected Person to be searched, either in the Day or in the Night, and if any such counterfeit Coin, or any such Instrument, Tool, or Engine, shall be found in any Place so searched, to cause the same to be seized and carried forthwith before the said Justice, or some other Justice of the Peace; and wherever any such counterfeit Coin, or any such Instrument, Tool, or Engine as aforesaid, shall in any Case whatever be seized and carried before a Justice of the Peace, he shall cause the same to be secured, for the Purpose of being produced in Evidence against any Person who may be prosecuted for any Offence against this Act; and all counterfeit Coin, and all Instruments, Tools, and Engines adapted and intended for the counterfeiting of Coin, after they shall have been produced in Evidence, or where they shall have been seized, and shall not be required to be produced in Evidence, shall forthwith be delivered up to the Officers of His Majesty's Mint, or to their Solicitor, or to any Person authorized by them or him to receive the same.

XV. And be it enacted, That where Two or more Persons, acting in concert in different Counties or Jurisdictions, shall commit any Offence against this Act, all or any of the said Offenders may be dealt with, indicted, tried, and punished, and their Offence laid and charged to have been committed, in any One of the said Counties or Jurisdictions, in the same Manner as if the Offence had been actually and wholly committed within such One County or Jurisdiction: Provided always, that Crimes and Offences against this Act committed in Scotland shall be proceeded against and tried in Scotland, in such Manner and Form as Crimes and Offences generally have been heretofore tried in that Country.

XVI. And be it enacted, That no Person against whom any Bill of Indictment shall be found at any Assizes or Sessions of the Peace, for any Misdemeanor against this Act, shall be entitled to traverse the same to any subsequent Assizes or Sessions, but the Court before which the Bill of Indictment shall be returned as found shall forthwith proceed to try the Person against whom the same is found, unless such Person or the Prosecutor shall show good Cause, to be allowed by the Court, for the Postponement of the Trial: Provided always, that the Rights and Liabilities of Persons indicted under this Act in Scotland, so far as relates to the Postponement or Time of Trial, shall remain and be dealt with in the same Manner as in the Cases of all other Persons indicted for Crime in that Country.

XVII. And be it declared and enacted, That where, upon the Trial of any Person charged with any Offence against this Act, it shall be necessary to prove that any Coin produced in Evidence against such Person is false or counterfeit, it shall not be necessary to prove the same to be false and counterfeit by the Evidence of any Moneyer or other Officer of His Majesty's Mint, but it shall be sufficient to prove the same to be false or counterfeit by the Evidence of any other credible Witness.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That in the Case of every Felony punishable under this Act, every Principal in the Second Degree, and every Accessory before the Fact shall be punishable in the same

Venue.

Indictments not to be traversed except for Cause shown.

What shall be sufficient Proof of Coin being counterfeit.

As to Accessories.

no

C. 34.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 18S2.

The Court may order hard Labour or solitary Confinement.

As to Offences committed at Sea.

Rules of Interpretation as to current Coin, counterfeit Coin, and criminal Possession.

Vemie in Proceedings against Persons acting under this Act. Notice of Action.

same Manner as the Principal in the First Degree is by this Act punishable; and every Accessory after the Fact to any Felony punishable under this Act shall, on Conviction, be liable to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Two Years; and in so far as relates to Scotland, every Person who shall become Accessory after the Fact to any of the Offences to which the Punishment of Transportation is by this Act attached shall, on Conviction, be liable to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Two Years; the general Law of Scotland as to Accession, or Art and Part, being in all other respects to regulate the Punishments to be awarded under this Act.

XIX. And be it enacted, That where any Person shall be convicted of any Offence punishable under this Act, for which Imprisonment may be awarded, it shall be lawful for the Court to sentence the Offender to be imprisoned, with or without hard Labour, in the Common Gaol or House of Correction, and also to direct that the Offender shall be kept in solitary Confinement for the whole or any Portion or Portions of such Imprisonment, as to the Court in its Discretion shall seem meet.

XX. And be it enacted, That where any Offence punishable under this Act shall be committed within the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty, the same shall be dealt with, inquired of, tried, and determined in the same Manner as any other Offence committed within that Jurisdiction.

XXI. And be it declared and enacted, That where " the King's current Gold or Silver Coin, '' or " the King's current Copper Coin," shall be mentioned in any Part of this Act, the same shall be deemed to include and denote any Gold or Silver Coin or any Copper Coin respectively coined in any of His Majesty's Mints, and lawfully current in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions, whether within the United Kingdom or otherwise; and that any of the King's current Coin which shall have been gilt, silvered, washed, coloured, or cased over, or in any Manner altered so as to resemble, or be apparently intended to resemble or pass for, any of the King's current Coin of a higher Denomination, shall be deemed and taken to be counterfeit Coin within the Intent and Meaning of those Parts of this Act wherein Mention is made of " false or counterfeit Coin resembling, or apparently intended to resemble or pass for, any of the Kings current Gold or Silver Coinand that where the having any Matter in the Custody or Possession of any Person is in this Act expressed to be an Offence, if any Person shall have any such Matter in his personal Custody or Possession, or shall knowingly and wilfully have any such Matter in any Dwelling House or other Building, Lodging, Apartment, Field, or other Place, open or inclosed, whether belonging to or occupied by himself or not, and whether such Matter shall be so had for his own Use or Benefit, or for that of another, every such Person shall be deemed and taken to have such Matter in his Custody or Possession within the Meaning of this Act.

XXII. And, for the Protection of Persons acting in the Execution of this Act, be it enacted, That all Actions and Prosecutions to be commenced against any Person for any thing done in pursuance of this Act shall, in England or Ireland, be laid and

13 tried

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. c. 34 — 36. Ill

tried in the County where the Fact was committed, and shall, in England, Ireland, or Scotland, be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the Fact committed, and not otherwise; and Notice in Writing of such Action, and of the Cause thereof, shall be given to the Defendant or Defender One Calendar Month at least before the Commencement of the Action; and in any such General Issue. Action, brought in England or Ireland, the Defendant may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and in Scotland the Defender may insist on all relevant Defences; and no Plaintiff Tender of or Pursuer shall recover in any such Action if Tender of sufficient Amends, &c. Amends shall have been made before such Action brought, or if a sufficient Sum of Money shall have been paid into Court after such Action brought, by or on behalf of the Defendant or Defender; and if, in England or Ireland, a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant, or the Plaintiff shall become Nonsuit, or discontinue any such Action after Issue joined, or if, upon Demurrer or otherwise, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff, or if in Scotland the Verdict shall be for the Defender, or if the Pursuer shall abandon the Action, or the Court shall dismiss it as irrelevant or improperly laid, in every such Case the Defendant or Defender shall recover his full Costs as between Attorney and Client, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defender hath by Law in other Cases; and though a Verdict shall be given for the Plaintiff or Pursuer in any such Action, such Plaintiff or Pursuer shall not have Costs against the Defendant or Defender, unless the Judge before whom the Trial shall be shall certify his Approbation of the Action and of the Verdict obtained thereupon.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Fifty-fourth Year of King George the Third, for 54 G. 3. c. 1S7. rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.

[23d May 1832.]

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to allow the Importation of Lumber, and of Fish and Provisions, Duty-free, into the Islands of Barbadoes, Saint Vincent, and Saint Lucia; and to indemnify the Governors and others of those Islands for having permitted the Importation of those Articles Duty-free (a).

[23d May 1832.]

WHEREAS the Islands of Barbadoes, Saint Vincent, and Saint Lucia, in the West Indies, have recently been visited with a most violent and destructive Hurricane, whereby the Inhabitants of those Islands have experienced very great Distress, in consequence of which it is deemed expedient to (a) See 1 % 2 Will *, c. 46.

permit

C. 36, 37.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Lumber, &c. may be imported Dutyfree.

Governors and Collectors, &c. of the Customs, indemnified.

Act may be continued by Order in Council.

10 G. 4. c. 56.

permit, for a limited Time, the Importation into those Islands ' of Lumber, and of Fish and Provisions, Duty-free be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, Lumber, and Fish and Provisions, shall and may be imported into the said Islands respectively, Duty-free, until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Governors and Collectors and other Officers of the Customs in the said respective Islands, and all Persons whatever acting or having acted under their Orders and Directions, shall be and are hereby indemnified for any Orders which they may have respectively given upon or after the Days oh which the Hurricane in the said respective Islands took place, by reason of which any Duty that was then legally due and payable on the Importation into those Islands of Lumber and American Flour ceased to be levied and collected, and for any Omission cn their Parts to cause such Duty to be levied and collected since such Days.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by Order in Council, to continue in force the Provisions of this Act until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to amend an Act of the Tenth Year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, by extending the Time within which pre-existing Societies must conform to the Provisions of that Act.

[23d May 1832.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Friendly Societies, it was enacted, that provided Societies then already enrolled should not conform to the Provisions of that Act within the Space of Three Years from the passing of such Act, the said Societies should then cease to be entitled to the Privileges and Provisions of any or either of certain Acts thereby repealed; but that the Provisions of the said Acts thereby repealed should continue in force, as to all Societies established under any or either of them, before the passing of the Act now in recital, for the said Space of Three Years, or until they should sooner conform to the Provisions of that Act: And whereas the said Space or Term of Three Years from the passing of the said recited Act will expire on the Nineteenth Day of June now next ensuing, and which will be in the current Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two: And whereas many Friendly Societies existing and enrolled before the passing of the said recited Act have not yet conformed to the Provisions therein contained, and it is expedient to extend the Space or Term of Three Years granted

by

113

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. c. 37.

by the said Act to such Societies so to conform thereto be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Term or Space of Three Years granted or allowed by the said recited Act to Friendly Societies enrolled before the passing of the said Act, for conforming to the Provisions of the said Act, shall be extended until Michaelmas Day which will be in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four; but that provided Societies enrolled before the passing of the said Act shall not conform to the Provisions of the said Act on or before Michaelmas Day in the said Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four, then the said Societies shall then cease to be entitled to the Privileges and Provisions of any or either of the Acts repealed by the said recited Act: Provided nevertheless, that the Provisions of the several Acts repealed by the said recited Act shall continue in force as to all Societies established under any or either of them before the passing of the said recited Act until Michaelmas Day in the said Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four, or until they shall sooner conform to the Provisions of the said Act; any thing in the said Act to the contrary contained in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And whereas under and by virtue of an Act passed in the 1 Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of

His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the ' Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies, certain Societies were established, for the Purpose of relieving, by voluntary Subscriptions and Benefactions, the Widows, Orphans, and Families of the Clergy, both of the Established Church and Dissenters, and others in distressed Circumstances: And whereas it is doubtful whether the said recited Act of the

Tenth Year of His late Majesty extends to such Societies for Remedy whereof it is hereby further declared and enacted, That the said recited Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty doth and shall extend to all such Societies established or to be established for the Purpose aforesaid under Authority of the said recited Act of the Parliament of Ireland, as soon as such Societies shall think fit to conform to the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Tenth Year of His late Majesty: Provided nevertheless, that such Societies shall so conform within the Term or Space herein-before limited and appointed for Societies to conform to the Provisions of the said last-recited Act of the Tenth Year of His late Majesty, and not otherwise.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed a Public Act, and shall extend to Great Britain and Ireland and Berwick-upon-Tweed, and be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without the same being specially shown or pleaded.

Term extended for pre-existing Societies to conform to Provisions of recited Act.

Pre-existing Societies to conform before Michaelmas 1834.

Recited Act 10 G. 4. c. 56. to extend to Societies established under 36 G. 3. (I.) if such Societies conform to the Provisions thereof within the Time limited.

[Public Act.]

2 Gul.IV.

I

114

C. 38.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

1 & 2 G.4. c.S9.

1 & 2 W. 4. C. 31.

Recited Acts continued in force for One Year.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to continue for One Year, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Acts for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland.

[23d May 1832.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament ' holden in the First and Second Years of the Reign of

4 His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland, to continue in force for a certain Time therein limited, and the said Act was amended by another Act passed in the Third Year of the same Reign, and both the said Acts were continued by another Act made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the same Reign:

And whereas another Act was made in the Tenth Year of the same Reign, whereby the said recited Acts of the First and Second and Third Years of the same Reign were amended and further continued, and the same so amended were by an Act made in the First Year of His present Majesty's Reign further continued until the End of this present Session of Parliament: And whereas by an Act made in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to improve the Administration of Justice in Ireland, certain Provisions of the said recited Act of the First and Second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty were repealed, and certain other Provisions were made, and certain Persons declared, in certain Cases therein specified, to be entitled to the Benefit of the Acts for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland: And whereas it is expedient that the said Acts for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors should be further continued:' Be it it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act of the First and Second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty, as the same is amended by the said recited Acts of the Third and Tenth Years of the same Reign, and save and except as any Provisions thereof may be repealed, or other Provisions substituted therefor, by the said recited Act of the First and Second Years of his present Majesty's Reign, shall be continued; and the said recited Acts of the First and Second, Third, and Tenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty, and such Parts of the said recited Act of the First and Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as relates to the Law for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, shall be and the same are hereby continued accordingly, for One Year from the passing of this Act, and thenceforth until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 39.

115

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for Uniformity of Process in Personal Actions in

His Majesty's Courts of Law at Westminster.

[23d May 1832.]

WHEREAS the Process for the Commencement of Personal 4 Actions in His Majesty's Superior Courts of Law at Westminster is, by reason of its great Variety and Multiplicity,

very inconvenient in Practicefor Remedy thereof be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Process in all such Actions Serviceable commenced in either of the said Courts, in Cases where it is not Process for the intended to hold the Defendant to Special Bail, or to proceed Commencement against a Member of Parliament according to the Provisions Personal contained in the Statute passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign Actions' of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to f amend the Laws relating to Bankrupts, shall, whether the Action be brought by or against any Person entitled to the Privilege of Peerage or of Parliament, or of the Court wherein such Action shall be brought, or of any other Court, or to any other Privilege, or by or against any other Person, be according to the Form contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked No. 1, and which Process may issue from either of the said Courts, and shall be called a Writ of Summons; and in every such Writ, and Copy thereof, the Place and County of the Residence or supposed Residence of the Party Defendant, or wherein the Defendant shall be or shall be supposed to be, shall be mentioned; and such Writ shall be issued by the Officer of the said Courts respectively by whom Process serviceable in the County therein mentioned hath been heretofore issued from such Court; and every such Writ may be served in the Manner heretofore used in the County therein mentioned, or within Two hundred Yards of the Border thereof, and not elsewhere, and the Person serving the same shall and is hereby required to indorse on the Writ the Day of the Month and Week of the Service thereof.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Mode of Appearance Mode of Ap-to every such Writ, or under the Authority of this Act, shall be pearance to by delivering a Memorandum in Writing according to the Form serviceable contained in the said Schedule, and marked No. 2, such Memo- rocess' randum to be delivered to such Officer or Person as tlje Court out of which the Process issued shall direct, and to be dated on the Day of the Delivery thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall be made Appearance appear by Affidavit, to the Satisfaction of the Court out of which may be enforced the Process issued, or, in Vacation, of any Judge of either of the by Writ of Dis-said Courts, that any Defendant has not been personally served *"8"* "?case with any such Writ of Summons as herein-before mentioned, and cannot be^eived has not, according to the Exigency thereof, appeared to the with the Writ Action, and cannot be compelled so to do without some more of Summons, efficacious Process, then and in any such Case it shall be lawful

I 2 for

116

C. 39.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Bailable Process for the Commencement of Personal Actions.

for such Court or Judge to order a Writ of Distringas to be issued, directed to the Sheriff of the County wherein the Dwelling House or Place of Abode of such Defendant shall be situate, or to the Sheriff of any other County, or to any other Officer to be named by such Court or Judge, in order to compel the Appearance of such Defendant; which Writ of Distringas shall be in the Form, and with the Notice subscribed thereto, mentioned in the Schedule to this Act, marked No. 3; which Writ of Distringas and Notice, or a Copy thereof, shall be served on such Defendant, if he can be met with, or, if not, shall be left at the Place where such Distringas shall be executed; and a true Copy of every such Writ and Notice shall be delivered together therewith to the Sheriff or other Officer to whom such Writ shall be directed; and every such Writ shall be made returnable on some Day in Term, not being less than Fifteen Days after the Teste thereof, and shall bear Teste on the Day of the issuing thereof, whether in Term or in Vacation; and if such Writ of Distringas shall be returned Non est inventus and Nulla bona, and the Party suing out such Writ shall not intend to proceed to Outlawry or Waiver, according to the Authority herein-after given, and any Defendant against whom such Writ of Distringas issued shall not appear at or within Eight Days inclusive after the Return thereof, and it shall be made appear by Affidavit to the Satisfaction of the Court out of which such Writ of Distringas issued, or, in Vacation, of any Judge of either of the said Courts, that due and proper Means were taken and used to serve and execute such Writ of Distringas, it shall be lawful for such Court or Judge to authorize the Party suing out such Writ to enter an Appearance for such Defendant, and to proceed thereon to Judgment and Execution.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in all such Actions wherein it shall be intended to arrest and hold any Person to Special Bail who may not be in the Custody of the Marshal of the Marshalsea of the Court of King's Bench or of the Warden of the Fleet Prison, the Process shall be by Writ of Capias according to the Form contained in the said Schedule and marked No. 4; and so many Copies of such Process, together with every Memorandum or Notice subscribed thereto, and all Indorsements thereon, as there may be Persons intended to be arrested thereon or served therewith, shall be delivered therewith to the Sheriff or other Officer or Person to whom the same may be directed, or who may have the Execution and Return thereof, and who shall, upon or forthwith after the Execution of such Process, cause One such Copy to be delivered to every Person upon whom such Process shall be executed by him, whether by Service or Arrest, and shall indorse on such Writ the true Day of the Execution thereof, whether by Service or Arrest; and if any Defendant be taken or charged in Custody upon any such Process, and imprisoned for Want of Sureties for his Appearance thereto, the Plaintiff in such Process may, before the End of the next Term after the Detainer or Arrest of such Defendant, declare against such Defendant, and proceed thereon in the Manner and according to the Directions contained in a certain Act of Parliament made in the Fourth and Fifth Years

6 of

v

2° GULIELMI IV. C.S9.

A.D. 1832.

117

of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled Ant 44JW.4M. for delivering Declarations against Prisoners: Provided always, c. 21.

that it shall be lawful for the Plaintiff or his Attorney to order the Sheriff, or other Officer or Person to whom such Writ shall be directed, to arrest One or more only of the Defendants therein named, and to serve a Copy thereof on One or more of the others, which Order shall be duly obeyed by such Sheriff or other Officer or Person; and such Service shall be of the same Force and Effect as the Service of the Writ of Summons hereinbefore mentioned, and no other.

V. And be it further enacted, That upon the Return of Non Proceedings to est inventus as to any Defendant against whom such Writ of Outlawry. Capias shall have been issued, and also upon the Return of Non

est inventus and Nulla bona as to any Defendant against whom such Writ of Distringas as herein-before mentioned shall have issued, whether such Writ of Capias or Distringas shall have issued against such Defendant only, or against such Defendant and any other Person or Persons, it shall be lawful, until otherwise provided for, to proceed to outlaw or waive such Defendant by Writs of Exigi facias and Proclamation, and otherwise, in such and the same Manner as may now be lawfully done upon the Return of Non est inventus to a Pluries Writ of Capias ad respondendum issued after an Original Writ: Provided always, that every such Writ of Exigent Proclamation, and other Writ subsequent to the Writ of Capias or Distringas, shall be made returnable on a Day certain in Term; and every such first Writ of Exigent and Proclamation shall bear Teste on the Day of the Return of the Writ of Capias or Distringas, whether such Writ be returned in Term or in Vacation; and every subsequent Writ of Exigent and Proclamation shall bear Teste on the Day of the Return of the next preceding Writ; and no such Writ of Capias or Distringas shall be sufficient for the Purpose of Outlawry or Waiver if the same be returned within less than Fifteen Days after the Delivery thereof to the Sheriff or other Officer to whom the same shall be directed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That after Judgment given in Proceedings to any Action commenced by Writ of Summons or Capias under Outlawry may the Authority of this Act, Proceedings to Outlawry or Waiver

may be had and taken, and Judgment of Outlawry or Waiver giten'uTder the given, in such Manner and in such Cases as may now be lawfully Authority of done after Judgment in an Action commenced by Original Writ: this Act. Provided always, that every Outlawry or Waiver had under the Authority of this Act shall and may be vacated or set aside by Writ of Error or Motion, in like Manner as Outlawry or Waiver founded on an Original Writ may now be vacated or set aside.

VII. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of pro- Filazer to be ceeding to Outlawry and Waiver upon such Writs of Capias or ^Court " Distringas returnable in the Court of Exchequer, it shall and Exchequer? may be lawful for the Lord Chief Baron of the said Court, and

he is hereby required, to appoint from Time to Time a fit Person, holding some other Office in the said Court, to execute the Duties of a Filazer, Exigenter, and Clerk of the Outlawries in the same Court.

I 3 VIII. And

C. 39.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 183&

Mode of detaining a Prisoner in the Custody of the Marshal or of the Warden of the Fleet.

Mode of Proceeding against a Member of Parliament to enforce the Stat. 6 G. 4. c. 16. s. 10.

Duration of Writs.

Proviso as to Statute of Limitations.

Proceedings on Writs served or executed at certain Times.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That when it shall be intended to detain in any such Action any Person being in the Custody of the Marshal of the Marshalsea of the Court or King's Bench or of the Warden of the Fleet Prison, the Process of Detainer shall be according to the Form of the Writ of Detainer contained in the said Schedule and marked No. 5; and a Copy of such Process, and of all Indorsements thereon, shall be delivered together with such Process to the said Marshal or Warden to whom the same shall be directed, and who shall forthwith serve such Copy upon the Defendant personally, or leave the same at his Room, Lodging, or other Place of Abode; and such Process may issue from either of the said Courts, and the Declaration thereupon shall and may allege the Prisoner to be in the Custody of the said Marshal or Warden, as the Fact may be, and the Proceedings shall be as against Prisoners in the Custody of the Sheriff, unless otherwise ordered by some Rule to be made by the Judges of the said Courts.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in all such Actions wherein it shall be intended to proceed against a Member of Parliament according to the Provisions of the said Statute made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, the Process shall be according to the Form contained in the said Schedule marked No. 6, and which Process and a Copy thereof shall be in lieu of the Summons, or Original Bill and Summons, and Copy thereof, mentioned in the said Statute.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Writ issued by Authority of this Act shall be in force for more than Four Calendar Months from the Day of the Date thereof, including the Day of such Date, but every Writ of Summons and Capias may be continued by Alias and Pluries, as the Case may require, if any Defendant therein named may not have been arrested thereon or served therewith: Provided always, that no first Writ shall be available to prevent the Operation of any Statute whereby the Time for the Commencement of the Action may be limited, unless the Defendant shall be arrested thereon or served therewith, or Proceedings to or toward Outlawry shall be had thereupon, or unless such Writ, and every Writ (if any) issued in continuation of a preceding Writ, shall be returned Non est inventus and entered of Record within One Calendar Month next after the Expiration thereof, including the Day of such Expiration, and unless every Writ issued in continuation of a preceding Writ shall be issued within One such Calendar Month after the Expiration of the preceding Writ, and shall contain a Memorandum indorsed thereon or subscribed thereto, specifying the Day of the Date of the first Writ; and Return to be made in Bailable Process by the Sheriff or other Officer to whom the Writ shall be directed, or his Successor in Office, and in Process not bailable, by the Plaintiff or his Attorney suing out the same, as the Case may be.

XI. And whereas, according to the present Practice, in certain Cases no Proceedings can be effectually had on any Writ ' returnable within Four Days of the End of any Term, until the ' Beginning of the ensuing Term, whereby an unnecessary Delay ' is sometimes created for Remedy thereof be it enacted, That

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 39.

119

if any Writ of Summons, Capias, or Detainer issued by Authority of this Act shall be-served or executed on any Day, whether in Term or Vacation, all necessary Proceedings to Judgment and Execution may, except as herein-after provided, be had thereon, without Delay, at the Expiration of Eight Days from the Service or Execution thereof, on whatever Day the last of such Eight Days may happen to fall, whether in Term or Vacation: Provided always, that if the last of such Eight Days shall in any Case happen to fall on a Sunday, Christmas Day, or any Day appointed for a Public Fast or Thanksgiving, in either of such Cases the following Day shall be considered as the last of such Eight Days; and if the last of such Eight Days shall happen to fall on any Day between the Thursday before and the Wednesday after Easter Day, then and in every such Case the Wednesday after Easter Day shall be considered as the last of such Eight Days: Provided also, that if such Writ shall be served or executed on any Day between the Tenth Day of August and the Twenty-fourth Day of October in any Year, Special Bail may be put in by the Defendant in Bailable Process, or Appearance entered, either by the Defendant or the Plaintiff, on Process not bailable, at the Expiration of such Eight Days: Provided also, that no Declaration, or Pleading after Declaration, shall be filed or delivered between the said Tenth Day of August and Twenty-fourth Day of October.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Writ issued by Authority of this Act shall bear Date on the Day on which the same shall be issued, and shall be tested in the Name of the Lord Chief Justice or Lord Chief Baron of the Court from which the same shall issue, or in case of a Vacancy of such Office, then in the Name of a senior Puisne Judge of the said Court, and shall be indorsed with the Name and Place of Abode of the Attorney actually suing out the same, and in case such Attorney shall not be an Attorney of the Court in which the same is sued out, then also with the Name and Place of Abode of the Attorney of such Court in whose Name such Writ shall be taken out; but in case no Attorney shall be employed for that Purpose, then with a Memorandum expressing that the same has been sued out by the Plaintiff in Person, mentioning the City, Town, or Parish, and also the Name of the Hamlet, Street, and Number of the House of such Plaintiff's Residence, if any such there be.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Writ of Summons issued against a Corporation Aggregate may be served on the Mayor or other Head Officer, or on the Town Clerk, Clerk, Treasurer, or Secretary of such Corporation; and every such Writ issued against the Inhabitants of a Hundred or other like District may be served on the High Constable thereof, or any One of the High Constables thereof; and every such Writ issued against the Inhabitants of any County of any City or Town, or the Inhabitants of any Franchise, Liberty, City, Town, or Place not being Part of a Hundred or other like District, on some Peace Officer thereof.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Judges of the said Courts, and they are required, from Time to Time to make all such general Rules

I 4? and

Proviso for Sunday, &c.

Date and Teste of Writs.

Indorsement of the Name of the Attorney or Party suing.

Service of Writs of Summons on Corporations and on Inhabitants of Hundreds and Towns.

General Rules to be made by the Judges.

120

C. 39.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Rules and Orders may be made for the Return of Writs.

Proceedings in default of Ap- a pearance. f

Attorney to declare whether Writ issued by his Authority; and Name, &c. of his Client, if ordered.

If Writ not issued by Authority of the Attorney, the Defendant may be discharged.

Rules to be made by the Courts for the Government of their Officers.

Proviso for Persons privileged from Arrest, &c.

and Orders for the effectual Execution of this Act, and of the Intention and Object hereof, and for fixing the Costs to be allowed for and in respect of the Matters herein contained, and the Performance thereof, as in their Judgment shall be deemed necessary or proper, and for that Purpose to meet as soon as conveniently may be after the passing hereof.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful, in Term Time, for the Court out of which any Writ issued by Authority of this Act, or any Writ of Capias ad satisfaciendum, Fieri facias, or Elegit, shall have issued, to make Rules, and also for any Judge of either of the said Courts, in Vacation, to make Orders, for the Return of any such Writ; and every such Order shall be of the same Force and Effect as a Rule of Court made for the like Purpose; provided always, that no Attachment shall issue for Disobedience thereof until the same shall have been made a Rule of Court.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all such Proceedings as are mentioned in any Writ, Notice, or Warning issued under this Act shall and may be Jiad and taken in default of a Defendant's Appearance or putting in Special Bail, as the Case may be.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every Attorney whose Name shall be indorsed on any Writ issued by Authority of this Act shall, on Demand in Writing made by or on behalf of any Defendant, declare forthwith whether such Writ has been issued by him, or with his Authority or Privity; and if he shall answer in the Affirmative, then he shall also, in case the Court or any Judge of the same or of any other Court shall so order and direct, declare in Writing, within a Time to be allowed by such Court or Judge, the Profession, Occupation, or Quality, and Place of Abode of the Plaintiff, on pain of being guilty of a Contempt of the Court from which such Writ shall have appear to have been issued; and if such Attorney shall declare that the Writ was not issued by him, or with his Authority or Privity, the said Court, or any Judge of either of the said Courts, shall and may, if it shall appear reasonable so to do, make an Order for the immediate Discharge of any Defendant or Defendants who may have been arrested on any such Writ, on entering a Common Appearance.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Judges of each of the said Courts from Time to Time to make such Rules and Orders for the Government and Conduct of the Ministers and Officers of their respective Courts, in and relating to the Distribution and Performance of the Duties and Business to be done and performed in the Execution of this Act, as such Judges may think fit and reasonable; provided always, that no additional Charge be thereby imposed on the Suitors.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall subject any Person to Arrest, Outlawry, or Waiver, who, by reason of any Privilege, Usage, or otherwise, may now by Law be exempt therefrom, or shall extend to any Cause removed into either of the said Courts by Writ of Pone, Certiorari, Recordari facias loquelam, Habeas corpus, or otherwise.

2° GULIELMI IV. C. 39.

121

XX. And whereas there are in divers Parts of England certain

Districts and Places, Parcel of some one County, but wholly

situate within and surrounded by some other County, which is ' productive of Inconvenience and Delay in the Service and

Execution of the Process of the said Courtsfor Remedy thereof be it enacted, That every such District and Place shall and may, for the Purpose of the Service and Execution of every Writ and Process, whether mesne or judicial, issued out of either of the said Courts, be deemed and taken to be Part as well of the County wherein such District or Place is so situate as aforesaid as of the County whereof the same is Parcel; and every such Writ and Process may be directed accordingly, and executed in either of such Counties.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That from the Time when this Act shall commence and take effect, the Writs herein-before authorized shall be the only Writs for the Commencement of Personal Actions in any of the Courts aforesaid, in the Cases to which such Writs are applicable; and the Costs to be allowed and charged for such Writs shall be the same as for Writs of Latitat: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall abridge, alter, or affect the Franchises and Jurisdictions of either of the Counties Palatine of Lancaster or Durham, or of any Officer or Minister thereof.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect on the First Day of Michaelmas Term next after the passing hereof.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That This Act may be amended, altered, or repealed during the present Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

No. 1.

Writ of Summons *

William the Fourth, Sfc *

To C.D. of, , fyc. c., in the County of Greeting:

We command you, [or as before or often we have commanded you,] that within Eight Days after the Service of this Writ on you, inclusive of the Day of such Service, you do cause an Appearance to be entered for you in Our Court of,

in an Action on Promises [or as the Case may be], at the Suit of A* B* And take notice, that, in default of your so doing, the said A*B. may cause Appearance to be entered for you, and proceed therein to Judgment and Execution.

Witness at Westminster the Day

of

Memorandum to be subscribed on the Writ.

N.B. This Writ is to be served within Four Calendar Months from the Date thereof, including the Day of such Date, and not afterwards.

Indorse-

Places, Parcel of one County and situate in another, to be deemed Part of each.

Writs hereinbefore authorized to be the only Writs for Commencement of Personal Actions.

[Commencement of Act.]

Act may be altered this Session.

122

C. 39.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Indorsement to be made on the Writ before Service thereof

This Writ was issued by E.F. of Attorney

for the said A.B.

Or,

This Writ was issued in Person by A.B. who resides at [mention the City, Town, or Parish, and also the Name of the Hamlet, Street, and Number of the House of the Plaintiff's Residence, if any such.]

Indorsement to be made on the Writ after Service thereof

This Writ was served by me X. Y. on the Day of 18

on

No. 2.

X.Y.

Forms of entering an Appearance.

A. Plaintiff, against C.D. / The Defendant C.D. appears in Person.

or, I E.F. Attorney for C.D. appears for him.

against C.D. and another, G.H. Attorney for the Plaintiff, appears or, I for the Defendant C.D. according

against C.D. and others. V to the Statute.

Entered the Day of 18

No. 3.

Writ of Distringas.

William the Fourth, etc.

To the Sheriff of Greeting:

We command you, that you omit not by reason of any Liberty in your Bailiwick, but that you enter the same, and distrain upon the Goods and Chattels of C.D. for the Sum of Forty Shillings, in order to compel his Appearance in Our Court of to answer A.B. in a Plea of Trespass on the Case [or Debt, or as the Case may be\; and how you shall execute this Our Writ you piake known to Us in Our said Court on the Day

of now next ensuing.

Witness at Westminster the Day

of in the Year of Our Reign.

Notice to be subscribed to the foregoing Writ.

In the Court of

Mr. C.D.

cA.B. Plaintiff Between and

L C.D. Defendant.

Take notice, that I have this Day distrained upon your Goods and Chattels in the Sum of Forty Shillings, in consequence of your not having appeared in the said Court to answer to the said A.B., according to the Exigency of a Writ of Summons bearing Teste on the Day of; and that in

default of your Appearance to the present Writ within Eight Days inclusive after the Return hereof, the said A.B. will cause an Appearance to be entered for you, and proceed thereon to Judgment and Execution, or [if the Defendant be subject to Outlawry] will cause Proceedings to be taken to outlaw you.

No. 4.

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 39.

123

No. 4.

Writ of Capias.

William the Fourth, , fyc. c.

To the Sheriff of or.

To the Constable of Dover Castle, or.

To the Mayor and Bailiffs of Berwick upon Tweed, or,

[as the Case may be, -\ Greeting:

We command you, [or as before or often we have commanded you,] that you omit not by reason of any Liberty in your Bailiwick, but that you enter the same, and take C.D. of if he shall be found in your Bailiwick, and him safely keep until he shall have given you Bail or made Deposit with you according to Law in an Action on Promises [or of Debt, efc.], at the Suit of iU9., or until the said C.D. shall by other lawful Means be discharged from your Custody. And We do further command you, that on Execution hereof you do deliver a Copy hereof to the said C.D. And We hereby require the said C.D. to take notice, that within Eight Days after Execution hereof on him, inclusive of the Day of such Execution, he should cause Special Bail to be put in for him in Our Court of to the said

Action, and that in default of his so doing such Proceedings may be had and taken as are mentioned in the Warning hereunder written or indorsed hereon. And We do further command you the said Sheriff, that immediately after the Execution hereof you do return this Writ to Our said Court, together with the Manner in which you shall have executed the same, and the Day of the Execution hereof; or that if the same shall remain unexecuted, then that you do so return the same at the Expiration of Four Calendar Months from the Date hereof, or sooner if you shall be thereto required by Order of the said Court or by any Judge thereof.

Witness at Westminster t he Day

of

Memoranda to he subscribed to the Writ.

N.B. This Writ is to be executed within Four Calendar Months from the Date thereof, including the Day of such Date, and not afterwards.

A Warning to the Defendant.

1. If a Defendant, being in Custody, shall be detained on this Writ, or if a Defendant, being arrested thereon, shall go to Prison for Want of Bail, the Plaintiff may declare against any such Defendant before the End of the Term next after such Detainer or Arrest, and proceed thereon to Judgment and Execution.

2. If a Defendant, being arrested on this Writ, shall have made a Deposit of Money according to the Statute 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 71., and shall omit to enter a Common Appearance to the Action,

the

124

C. 39.

2° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1832.

the Plaintiff will be at liberty to enter a Common Appearance for the Defendant, and proceed thereon to Judgment and Execution.

3. If a Defendant, having given Bail on the Arrest, shall omit to put in Special Bail as required, the Plaintiff may proceed against the Sheriff or on the Bail Bond.

4. If a Defendant, having been served only with this Writ, and not arrested thereon, shall not enter a Common Appearance within Eight Days after such Service, the Plaintiff may enter a Common Appearance for such Defendant, and proceed thereon to Judgment and Execution.

Indorsements to be made on the Writ of Capias.

Bail for £ by Affidavit.

Or,

Bail for £ by Order of [naming the Judge

making ike Order], dated the Day of

This Writ was issued by E.F. of Attorney for the

Plaintiff [or Plaintiffs] within named.

Or,

This Writ was issued in Person by the Plaintiff within named, who resides at [mention the City, Town, or

Parish, and also the Name of the Hamlet, Street, and Number of the House of the Plaintiff's Residence, if any such there be.]

No. 5.

Writ of Detainer.

William the Fourth, etc.

To the Marshal of the Marshalsea of Our Court before Us [or To the Warden of Our Prison of the Fleet].

We command you, that you detain C.D. if he shall be found in your Custody at the Delivery hereof to you, and him safely keep in an Action on Promises [or of Debt, etc., as the Case may be], at the Suit of A.B., until he shall be lawfully discharged from your Custody. And We do further command you, that on Receipt hereof you do warn the said C.D., by serving a Copy hereof on him, that within Eight Days after Service of such Copy, inclusive of the Day of such Service, he do cause Special Bail to be put in for him in Our Court of to the said Action; and that in default of his so doing the said A.B. may declare against him before the End of the Terrh next after his Detainer, and proceed thereon to Judgment and Execution. And We do further command you the said [Marshal or Warden, as the Case may be], that immediately after the Service hereof you do return this Our Writ, or a Copy hereof, to Our said Court, together with the Day of the Service hereof.

Witness at Westminster the Day

of

N.B. — This Writ is to be indorsed in the same Manner as the Writ of Capias, but not to contain the Warning on that Writ.

No. 6.

2° GULIELMI IV. C. 39, 40.

125

No. 6.

Writ of Summons to be served on a Member of Parliament in order to enforce the Provisions of the Statute 6 Geo. 4. c. 16. s. 10.

William the Fourth, etc.

To CJ). of, etc. Esquire, having Privilege of Parliament,

Greeting:

We command you, that within One Calendar Month next after personal Service hereof on you, you do cause an Appearance to be entered for you in Our Court of in an Action

[on Promises, Debt, etc., as the Case may 6e], at the Suit of A.B .; and you are hereby informed, that an Affidavit of Debt for the Sum of hath been filed in the proper Office, according

t o the Provisions of a certain Act of Parliament made and passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled " An Act to amend the Laws relating to Bankrupts," and that unless you pay, secure, or compound for the Debt sought to be recovered in this Action, or enter into such Bond as by the said Act is provided, and cause an Appearance to be entered for you, within One Calendar Month next after such Service hereof, you will be deemed to have committed an Act of Bankruptcy from the Time of the Service hereof.

Witness at Westminster the Day

of

N.B. — This Writ is to be served within Four Calendar Months from the Date thereof, including the Day of such Date, and not afterwards.

Direction. — This Summons is to be indorsed with the Name of the Plaintiff or his Attorney in like Manner as the Writ of Capias.

CAP. XL.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Business of the Civil Departments of the Navy, and to make other Regulations for more effectually carrying on the Duties of the said Departments.

[1st June 1832.]

WHEREAS His Majesty, by His Royal Letters Patent

4 V under the Great Seal, bearing Date the Second Day of

4 November One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, was pleased to constitute and appoint certain Persons therein named

to be principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, and by other Letters Patent under the Great Seal, bearing Date the Twenty-fifth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, was pleased to constitute and appoint certain other Persons therein named Commissioners for victualling His Majesty's Navy, and for the Care of sick and wounded Seamen: And whereas it has been deemed expedient that the Number of Offices in the Civil Departments of the Navy should be reduced, and to that End that the Offices or Departments of the principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, ' and of the Commissioners for victualling His Majesty's Navy, and for the Care of sick and wounded Seamen, should be abolished: And whereas various Duties of the said Commissioners

C. 40.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

In case His Majesty shall revoke the Appointments of the Commissioners of the Navy and for Victualling, the Powers and Authorities vested in them by any Statutes shall be transferred to the Admiralty.

Commissioners of the Admiralty not thereby disqualified from sitting in Parliament.

Lands, &c. vested in Navy and Victualling Commissioners transferred to the Admiralty.

1 & 2 G.4. c. 93.

sioners being established and regulated by divers Acts of Parliament, it is requisite that such Acts should in some Cases be ' altered, and new Provisions made for the due Execution of the ' said Duties:' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in case His Majesty shall be pleased to cancel and revoke the said Letters Patent by which the said several Persons were respectively constituted and appointed principal Officers and Commissioners of the Navy, and Commissioners for victualling His Majesty's Navy, and for the Care of sick and wounded Seamen, as aforesaid, all the Interests, Titles, Authorities, Powers, and Duties vested in the said respective Commissioners by any Act or Acts of Parliament, and every Matter relating to them and their respective Offices, shall from and after such Revocation be and the same are hereby declared to be transferred to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the Time being, and shall be vested in and exercised by them in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been named in the said Acts instead of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, and the Commissioners for victualling His Majesty's Navy, and for the Care of sick and wounded Seamen respectively, subject however to the Provisions herein-after established: Provided always, that such Transfer shall not be deemed to confer on the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid any new Office within the Meaning of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the Security of Her Majesty's Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line; nor shall any such Commissioner last mentioned, by taking upon himself, under any new Letters Patent which His Majesty may think fit to cause to be issued, the Duties of the Offices so abolished, be disqualified from sitting and voting in Parliament, or thereby vacate the Seat in Parliament which any such Commissioner may then hold; any thing contained in the said Act of Queen Anne, or in any other Act, or any Usage of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding; but it is nevertheless hereby declared, that from and after the passing of this Act no greater Number than Five Commissioners of the Admiralty shall be competent at any One Time to sit and vote in the Commons House of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Revocation of the said Letters Patent, all Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Erections, Buildings, and Property whatever heretofore purchased, taken, held, or in any Manner occupied by or in the Name of His Majesty or His Royal Progenitors, for the Use of the Naval or Victualling Departments, or which by an Act of the First and Second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for vesting all Estates and Property occupied by or for the Naval Service of this Kingdom in the principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, and for granting certain Powers to the said

principal

2° GULIELMI IV. C. 40.

127

principal Officers and Commissioners; or by an Act passed in the same Session of Parliament, for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments at Gillingham in the County of Kent in Trustees, to be appropriated to the Public Service in the Department of the Navy; or by an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners for victualling His Majesty's Navy to purchase certain Premises for completing a Victualling Establishment at Cremill Point near Plymouth in the County of Devon, and for supplying the said Establishment with Water; or by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the same Reign, for enabling the Corporation of Pembroke to convey to the Commissioners of the Navy the Right of letting the Stalls, Sittings, and other Conveniences in the Market established in the Town of Pembroke Docky and the Right to the Rents, Tolls, and Fees thereof; or by an Act passed in the same Year, for enabling the Commissioners of the Navy to acquire certain Portions of the Docks and Shore Ground at Leith for a Naval Yard; or which by any other Act of Parliament, or by any Deed or Deeds, have been conveyed to or vested in the principal Officers and Commissioners of the Navy, or the Commissioners for victualling His Majesty's Navy, according to their respective Estates and Interests therein and Titles thereto, with their Appurtenances, and all Rights, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, and Duties vested in the said Commissioners of the Navy and Victualling respectively by any of the said Acts, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be transferred to and vested in the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid for the Time being, to be held, enjoyed, and executed by them and their Successors in Office, in Trust for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the Public Service; and every Clause, Covenant, Matter, and Thing contained in the said Acts of Parliament and Deeds respectively shall extend and be applied to the said last-mentioned Commissioners, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been named therein instead of the Commissioners of the Navy and Victualling respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Revocation of the said Letters Patent, all Contracts, Covenants, and Agreements made between the said Commissioners of the Navy and Victualling respectively, or any Person on their Behalf, and any other Person or Persons whomsoever, for the Supply of any Stores, Goods, or other Things for His Majesty's Service, or for the Performance of any Work, or on any other Account in anywise relating to the Naval and Victualling Departments respectively, or in which the said Commissioners are in any Manner interested or concerned, shall in like Manner be transferred to and vested in the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid for the Time being, and shall be executed and enforced by them in the same Manner as if they had been named therein.

IV. And whereas by an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for amending and consolidating the Laws relating to the Pay of the Royal Navy, divers Provisions and Regulations are established in relation to various Duties of the Treasurer of the

4 Navy

1 & 2 G.4. c. 107.

5 G. 4. c. 49.

6 G. 4. c. 36.

6 G. 4. c. 103.

Contracts transferred to Admiralty.

Duties of the Treasurer of the Navy transferred, except Receipts and Payments of Money, and

C. 40.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 182.

the Management of Green wich Out-Pensions.

Authority to Commissioners of the Admiralty to administer Oaths and execute the Duties of Justices.

Two Commissioners of the Admiralty authorized to execute all Powers.

4 Navy and his Officers; and it is deemed expedient that such Duties should be transferred from the said Treasurer, and that other Provisions and Regulations should be established in lieu thereof; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, as herein-after mentioned, all Authorities, Powers, Duties, Matters, and Things which by the said recited Act or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament are conferred upon or vested in the said Treasurer, save and except as to the Receipt and Payment of Money, and also except as to the Management of Greenwich Out-Pensions, shall be exercised and performed by or under the immediate Directions of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, in as full and ample a Manner as the said Treasurer is by any of the said Acts empowered to exercise and perform the same; and that all Wills, Powers of Attorney, Vouchers, and other Documents, and all Accounts, Prize and other Lists, Returns, Notifications, Reports, Petitions, Certificates, Documents, and Papers, which by the said last-recited Act or by any other Act of Parliament are required to be addressed, transmitted, or made to the said Treasurer, except as aforesaid, shall be addressed, transmitted, and made to the Secretary of the Admiralty, in order that the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid may cause the necessary Steps to be taken thereon, in conformity with the Intentions of the said several Acts, or otherwise, as by this Act is provided.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid for the Time being, or any One or more of them, and they and each of them are and is hereby empowered, to administer an Oath or Oaths in any Cases touching or concerning His Majesty's Naval Monies, Stores, Victuals, or Provisions, or the Accounts thereof, or in any other Matter relating to His Majesty's Naval Service, and also from Time to Time; in all Places whatever, to execute the Office and Authority of a Justice of the Peace in as full and ample a Manner as any Commissioners of the Navy or Victualling are by any Act of Parliament now in force, or any Justice under any Commission is authorized to execute the same; and all Keepers of Gaols, and all Constables and other Peace Officers, are hereby respectively required from Time to Time diligently to execute and obey all such Warrants as shall be lawfully made, directed, or given to them or any of them by any One or more of the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid; and all the Laws made or to be made for the Ease, Safety, and Protection of Justices of the Peace in the Execution of their Office shall extend to the said last-mentioned Commissioners, and to all Constables and other Peace Officers and Persons acting under the Warrant or Authority of any such Commissioners, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if they were herein enacted.

VI. And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for enabling Two or more Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, when the Number of such Commis *

sioners

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 4, 0.

129

sioners is less than Six, to do certain Acts theretofore done ' by Three or more of the same Commissioners: And whereas,

1 considering the additional Duty to be performed by the said 1 Commissioners, in consequence of the Abolition of the said

Offices as aforesaid, it is expedient to authorize the Execution

of any of their Duties by Two Commissioners only, even when ' such Commissioners shall be Six or more in Number be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the said last-recited Act shall be and the same is hereby repealed, and that from thenceforth it shall be lawful for any Two or more Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, and they are hereby empowered, to exercise and execute all Powers, Authorities, and Duties, and to perform and do all Acts, Matters, and Things appertaining to their Office, which by any Act or Acts of Parliament are authorized or required to be executed or done by Three or more of them, or by the Commissioners of the Navy and Victualling respectively; and all such Authorities, Duties, Matters, and Things executed and performed by Two or more of the said Commissioners of the Admiralty shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in all Deeds, Conveyances, Leases, Contracts, and other Instruments touching any Estate, Property, Matter, or Thing relating to the Naval Service, or to any Department under the Controul of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, or whereto they or any of them shall be Parties, it shall be sufficient to describe them generally by the Style and Title of "The " Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral " of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland." without expressing their Names; and that all such Deeds, Conveyances, Leases, Contracts, and other Instruments wherein the said Commissioners shall be so described, and the Execution thereof by any Two of them, shall be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if they or any of them had been expressly named therein.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Bills for Payment of Money, all Allotment Bills, and all Remittance Bills heretofore made out or signed by the Commissioners of the Navy or Victualling, or any of them, or by the Treasurer of the Navy, except Bills for Greenwich Out-Pensions, or by the Paymaster of Marines, or any of their Clerks respectively, shall, from and after the Commencement of this Act, as herein-after mentioned, be made out and signed by an Officer to be called the Accountant General of the Navy, or by an Officer to be for that Purpose appointed by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, and shall be in such Form, and countersigned and approved in such Manner, as the said last-mentioned Commissioners shall from Time to Time order or establish; and that all Bills to be drawn by Officers of the Navy or by any other Persons under the Authority of an Act made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for consolidating the Laws relating to the Pay of the Navy, which Bills shall in future be made payable at Three Days instead 2 Gul.IV. K of

Their Style and Title.

As to the draw, ing and Acceptance of Bills for Naval Payments.

130

C. 40.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Notices and Communications to be made to the Admiralty.

Certificates.

Superintendents to do the Duties hitherto executed by Commissioners at the Yards.

Superintendents empowered to administer Oaths and act as Justices.

of (as provided by the said Act) at Ten Days Sight, and all other Bills which have heretofore been usually drawn upon the Commissioners of the Navy and Victualling respectively, shall be drawn upon the said Accountant General, and shall be accepted by him or by such other Officer as aforesaid, and such Acceptance shall be countersigned and approved in manner aforesaid; and all the several Bills, so countersigned and approved as aforesaid, shall, when paid by the Treasurer of the Navy, be deemed good and sufficient Vouchers for such Payment on the passing of his Accounts.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Revocation of the said Letters Patent all Applications, Communications, and Notices, and all Prize and other Lists and Accounts, and all Bills, Tickets, Books, Documents, and Papers, which by any Act of Parliament are required to be made, given, or transmitted to the Commissioners of the Navy or Victualling, shall be made, given, and transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty, in order that the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid may thereupon cause the necessary Measures to be taken for carrying into effect the Intentions of the said Acts; and that all Certificates, Tickets, Vouchers, and other Documents heretofore by any Act or Acts authorized to be given or made out by the Commissioners of the Navy or Victualling shall be made and given by the Secretary of the Admiralty, or by such other Person as shall for that Purpose be directed by the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid.

X. And whereas it is deemed expedient that the Duties

hitherto performed by Commissioners at the several Dock

Yards and other Naval and Victualling Establishments at Home and Abroad shall in future be executed by Officers to be

called Superintendents; be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the Revocation of the said Letters Patent such Superintendents from Time to Time to be appointed shall have full Power and Authority to do, execute, and perform all and every the Duties, Matters, and Things which by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force any Commissioner of the Navy or Victualling resident at any Naval or Victualling Yard or Establishment, or at any Naval Hospital, at Home or Abroad, is authorized or required to do: Provided always, that in the Absence of such Superintendent his Duty as to the signing of Bills, Certificates, and Vouchers, and in other respects in which the Acts of a Commissioner have been required, may be executed by the Officer next in Seniority to him, such Officer noticing, after his Signature, the Fact of the Superintendents Absence.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Superintendents so to be appointed shall have and they are hereby invested with full Power and Authority to administer Oaths, and to exercise the Duties, Powers, and Authorities of Justices of the Peace, in all Places whatever, and in all Matters relating to His Majesty's Naval Service, and to the Stores, Provisions, Ammunition, and the Accounts thereof, and in all other Cases whatever in which any Commissioner of the Navy or Victualling is empowered to

14? act

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 40.

131

act as a Justice by any Act or Acts now in force, in as full a Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if such Superintendents had been named in any such Act or Acts, or in any Commission of the Peace for any such Places; and that all the Laws made and to be made for the Ease, Safety, and Protection of Justices of the Peace in the Execution of their Office shall extend to such Superintendents, and to all Constables and other Peace Officers and Persons acting under the Warrant or Authority of any such Superintendent, as fully and effectually as any such Laws can be deemed to extend to any Justice or Justices of the Peace, and to the Persons acting under them.

XII. And whereas by the said Act of the Eleventh Year of Inspectors Duty King George the Fourth, for consolidating the Laws relating to wifch r^Bar*| to

the Pay of the Navy, Provision is made for the Payment, with- Sum

out Probate or Administration, in Cases of Sums not exceeding

Thirty-two Pounds payable on account of Pay, Half Pay, or Pension of deceased Officers of the Navy and Marines, and of ' Pensions of deceased Widows of Officers, and on account of Allowances from the Compassionate Fund: And whereas by reason of the Abolition of the Office of Paymaster of Marines,

and of the Transfer of Part of the Duties of the Treasurer of the Navy, it is become necessary to make further Provision in

such Cases, and also in the Cases of Sums not exceeding Twenty Pounds due to any deceased Persons on account of any Prize Money, and for the Services of deceased Non-commissioned Officers and Marines; be it therefore further enacted,

That from and after the passing of this Act the Investigation of all Claims to the Effects of any such deceased Persons shall be made by the Inspector of Seamen's Wills in the Manner required by the said recited Act in Cases of similar Claims to Pay for Services in the Royal Navy; and the said Inspector, after duly investigating the Claim, and the Amount of the Deceased's Assets, is hereby authorized in any such Cases to issue a Check or Certificate, as is required by the said Act with respect to Naval Pay; and that ail Payments not exceeding in the whole Thirty-two Pounds of Pay, Half Pay, Pension, or Allowances of deceased Officers of the Navy and Marines, and of Widows Pensions, and of Allowances from the Compassionate Fund, and all Payments not exceeding in the whole Twenty Pounds of Monies due to any deceased Persons on account of Prize Money, and for the Services of deceased Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Privates of Marines, to be made under any such Certificate, shall be as effectual and legal as if the same had been made under any Probate of a Will or Letters of Administration:

Provided always, that in order to allow Time for the Production of any Will which may have been made by any such deceased Person, and to guard against Fraud, no Check or Certificate whatever shall be granted in lieu of Letters of Administration, under this or the said recited Act, until Three Calendar Months shall have elapsed from the Time of Notice being given to the Inspector of the Death of the Person whose Effects are claimed.

XIII. And for the better Investigation of Claims to the Effects Inspector may of deceased Persons under this or the said recited Act, be it administer further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the °aths *

K 2 said

C. 40.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Fees on Probates, &c. contained in the Schedule to this Act to be taken in lieu of those specified in 11 G. 4. c. 20.

Proctors and others indemnified for receiving greater Fees than allowed by Act 11 G. 4? c. 20.

Mode of Payment of Half Pay, &c. provided by 11 G.4. c. 20. extended to Marine Half Pay and Pensions, and to Officers Widows, being insane.

said Inspector shall have full Power and Authority to administer an Oath or Affirmation to any Claimants touching their Claims, either as the Representatives or the Creditors of the Deceased, and to the Witnesses to be adduced in support of any such Claims; and that the Certificate of the Allowance of the Claim shall be in such Form as the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral shall authorize.

XIV. And whereas by the said Act of the Eleventh Year of

King George the Fourth Provision is made for limiting the ' Expence of obtaining Probates of Wills and Letters of Administration to the Effects of deceased Officers, Seamen, and ' Marines, and it is expedient that the Schedule of Fees to be allowed in such Cases should, on account of Inaccuracies

therein, be alteredbe it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the several Sums set forth in the Table of Fees contained in the Schedule annexed to this Act, and which shall be deemed as Part hereof, shall be allowed and taken, in the Cases respectively therein mentioned, in lieu of those specified in the Schedule of the said recited Act; and if any Registrar, Proctor, or other Person shall demand or receive more than the several Sums respectively allowed by the Schedule annexed to this Act, every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, which shall be recoverable, with Costs of Suit, and applicable in the same Manner as is provided by the said recited Act with respect to pecuniary Penalties exceeding Twenty Pounds: Provided nevertheless, that if any Increase or Diminution shall take place in the Stamp Duties payable in respect of any such Probates or Letters of Administration, or of any Instrument connected therewith, the Sums to be allowed shall be increased or diminished to the Extent of the Alteration in such Stamp Duties; and provided also, that in Cases of extraordinary Trouble or Expence such additional Allowance shall be made as shall appear reasonable to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid.

XV. And inasmuch as a strict Adherence to the Letter of such inaccurate Schedule would have produced a Burden upon the Relations of deceased Seamen not intended by the said recited Act, be it further enacted, That all Registrars, Proctors, and others who may, under the Authority of the Treasurer of the Navy or his Officers, have been allowed or have received more or other than the Sums set forth in the said inaccurate Schedule, shall be and are hereby indemnified and released from all Penalties and Forfeitures which under the said recited Act they may have incurred on any such Account.

XVI. And whereas by the said recited Act of the Eleventh Year of His late Majesty Provision is made for the Payment of Naval Half Pay and Pensions by a Mode called an Extract, upon Notice to be given to the Clerk of the Treasurer of the Navy by the Person desiring to be so paid, and Provision is

also made for the Payment of the Pensions of Officers and others becoming insane to the Persons having the Care and Maintenance of them, and it is expedient to extend the said

Provisionsbe it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act such Mode of Payment by Extract

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 40.

133

shall, if required by the Parties, be adopted with respect to Marine Half Pay and Pensions, and that the Notifce shall be given to the Superintendent of the Dock Yard at which the Party shall be desirous to be so paid; and that in all Cases of Widows of Naval and Marine Officers entitled to any Pension becoming or being insane, or otherwise from their State of Mind incompetent to the Management of their Affairs, it shall be lawful for the Treasurer of the Navy, under the Authority of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, to pay over to the Relative or other Person having the Care and Maintenance of any such Widow such Pension, or such Portion thereof as the said Commissioners shall think fit, to be applied to the Maintenance and Support of such insane or incompetent Person; and every such Payment shall be deemed valid, and an effectual Discharge to the said Treasurer for so much as shall be so paid.

XVII. And whereas by the said recited Act Agents employed

in the Receipt of Wages in respect of Services in the Royal Navy are prohibited from taking more than Sixpence in the Pound for receiving and paying over the same, and for all their Trouble in relation thereto: And whereas certain Officers are permitted to receive Part and others the Whole of their Pay 4 by drawing Bills for the same, although it is required of them to pass Documents and Accounts annually or on quitting their Ships, so that no Pay may be received by the Agent, out of which he can deduct the Allowance of Sixpence in the Pound,

or be in any Manner compensated for his Trouble in transacting the Business of the Officer in his Absence, or for passing his Accounts, and it is therefore necessary to explain and amend the said Act in this respectbe it therefore further enacted and declared, That such Prohibition shall not be deemed to extend to prevent any Agent from charging or receiving from any Commission or Warrant Officer (save and except in the Cases of passing Accounts, for which especial Provision is made in the said Act,) such reasonable Compensation as such Agent may be fairly entitled to charge, or as may be agreed upon between them, for any Trouble or Pains of such Agent in transacting for any such Commission or Warrant Officer any Business or Affairs not relating to the Receipt of Pay, Prize Money, or other Allowances.

XVIII. And whereas by the said recited Act it is enacted, in Cases of monthly Payments of Pay to the Seamen of the Navy, in the Absence of the Purser, or in Ships not having a Purser, the Commanding Officer shall act and be deemed to be the Purser for all the Purposes of such Payments: And whereas it

is found expedient that in certain Ships not having Pursers the Duty of Purser shall be performed by the Clerk of the Ship instead of the Commanding Officer be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, in all such Cases as aforesaid, the Payment shall and may be made by the Clerk so appointed to do the Duty of Purser, in the Presence of the Commanding Officer and of another Commissioned Officer, if there be One belonging to the Ship, and if not, then in the Presence of the Commanding Officer and the Person acting as

Agents Commission.

Monthly Payments in Ships not having Pursers to be made by the Clerk instead of the Commanding Officer.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Licensing of Navy Agents.

Duties in Matters of Prise transferred to Admiralty, except as to Payments and Receipts.

Remittance

Bills.

Master or One of the Mates of the Ship, ientitled to draw Bills, which Officers shall attest the Lists as required by the said Act.

XIX. And whereas by Three several Acts of Parliament

relating to the Receipt of Naval Prize Money, passed in the ' Fifty-seventh and Fifty-ninth Years of His late Majesty King George the Third, and in the First Year of His late Majesty 1 King George the Fourth, certain Provisions are established

with regard to the licensing, by the Treasurer of the Navy, of

Agents to receive the Pay and Prize Money of Petty Officers,

Seamen, and Marines be it further enacted, That all such Licences to Agents, and to the Representatives of deceased Agents, as by the said several Acts or by any other Act are authorized to be granted by the Treasurer of the Navy, shall, from and after the Commencement of this Act, as herein-after mentioned, be granted by an Officer to be for that Purpose appointed by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, which Commissioners shall have full Power and Authority, from Time to Time as they shall see requisite, to revoke such Licences, in case of Neglect in any such licensed Agent duly to account for and pay over all Monies received by him, or of any deceitful, fraudulent, or dishonest Conduct practised by any such Agent towards any Person or Persons on whose Behalf he shall have been employed, or towards any Person claiming through or under them; and that all such licensed Agents shall from Time to Time give such Notice in Writing to the Secretary of the Admiralty of their Change of Abode as by the said Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of King George the Third is required to be given to the Treasurer of the Navy: Provided always, that every such Agent so to be licensed shall enter into Bond with Sureties to His Majesty, as required by the said Act of the First Year of His Majesty King George the Fourth, in such Form as to the said Commissioners shall appear requisite.

XX. And whereas an Act was passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for transferring the Management of Greenwich Out-Pensions, and ' certain Duties in Matters of Prize, to the Treasurer of the Navy; and it is expedient that such Management and Duties,

so far as regards Matters of Prize only, should be placed under ' the Care of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaidbe it therefore further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, as herein-after mentioned, the several Duties in Matters of Prize, and all the Powers and Authorities relating thereto respectively, which by the said last-recited Act were vested in the Treasurer of the Navy, shall be and the same are hereby transferred to and vested in the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid; reserving always to the said Treasurer the Duty of making all Payments and receiving all Monies as by the same Act is directed and provided in that Behalf.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said last-mentioned Act as relates to the Form of Remittance Bills shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that from henceforth Remittance Bills for Greenwich Out-Pensions, and the Certificate and Receipt to be required on Payment thereof, shall be

2° GULIELMI IV. C. 40.

135

in such Form as the Treasurer of the Navy for the Time being shall from Time to Time authorize and direct; and that Remittance Bills for Prize Money, of which the Management is by this Act intended to be transferred to the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, shall, from and after such Transfer, be made in the same Manner and subject to the same Regulations in all respects as are provided with regard to Payments relating to Naval and Marine Pay and Pensions, or in such other Manner and Form as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time authorize and direct; and in case of such Payments being made upon Remittance Bills by any Officer of the Revenue, Repayment thereof shall be made to the respective Departments of the Revenue in the Manner provided by the said recited Act of the Eleventh Year of King George the Fourth with respect to other Remittance Bills, an Account of which Bills shall be forwarded, if for Out-Pensions, to the Treasurer of the Navy, and if for Prize, to the Admiralty Office, in order that such Account may be examined by the proper Officer of the respective Departments, and, if found correct, that Measures may be taken for causing Repayment to be made by the said Treasurer to the respective Departments of the Revenue accordingly; and in all Cases of Remittance Bills for Prizes made out and not paid, owing to the Death of the Party, or other Cause, such Bills shall be returned to the Admiralty Office to be cancelled.

XXII. And be it further enacted and declared, That all Monies which previously to the Transfer of the Management of Out-Pensions and Duties in Matters of Prize to the Treasurer of the Navy, by the said recited Act of the Tenth Year of King George the Fourth, were, under any other Act or Acts of Parliament, made payable to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or for the Benefit of that Establishment, on account of undistributed Prize or Bounty Money, or of unclaimed or forfeited Shares of such Monies, or on any other Account, which are now outstanding in the Hands of any Agent or Agents, or which have not been paid over by such Agent or Agents, or which may hereafter arise or be payable, shall be deemed to be Public Monies owing to His Majesty, and shall and may be sued for and recovered in the same Manner as any other Debts due to His Majesty may by Law be recovered.

XXIII. And whereas by the said Act of the Tenth Year of

His late Majesty King George the Fourth it is enacted, that the Allowance of Sixpence per Month, commonly called Naval Six-

pences, payable out of the Wages of all Seamen and others

who shall serve or be employed in any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels, shall cease to be payable to Greenwich Hospital: And whereas the said Enactment was intended to extend and ' take Effect with respect to the Wages of the Crews of His Majesty's Ships and Vessels of War in Commission only, and

it is expedient that the Crews of His Majesty's Ships and ' Vessels employed in the various other Departments of the ' Public Service should contribute towards the Support of the said Hospital as they had done before the passing of the said ' Act; be it therefore enacted and declared, That from and after the passing of this Act the said Allowance of Sixpence per

K 4? Month

Outstanding Prize Money deemed Public Money.

Recited Act of 10 G. 4. c. 26. as to Naval Sixpences, explained.

136

C. 40.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Mode of solicit* ing Monies for Naval Services.

1 W. 4. c. 42.

One general Account to be raised at the Bank.

Sub-Accounts may be raised at the Bank.

Making up an certifying of annual Accounts of Naval Services.

Month shall be abated out of the Wages thenceforth to grow due to every Person serving in or belonging to any Ship or Vessel not being in Commission and in the Pay of the Royal Navy, which shall belong to or be employed in the Service of His Majesty in the several Departments of the Public Service, in like Manner as the same Abatement was made before the passing of the said Act, and shall be deducted and collected by the Heads or Principal Officers of the several Departments, and shall be paid over to the Commissioners of the said Hospital, for the better Support thereof, under such Regulations as by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid shall from Time to Time be made for that Purpose.

XXIV. And whereas by an Act passed in the First Year of ' His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to consolidate and 6 amend the several Acts relating to the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, various Regulations are established for the 6 Government of the Commissioners of the Navy and Victualling ' respectively, and of the Treasurer of the Navy, in regard to ' the soliciting of Monies wanted for the Service of the Navy, ' and to the Accounts, Custody, and Disposal of such Monies; and it is necessary to alter the same Regulations, and to make further Provision in regard to the same be it further enacted, That from and after the Revocation of the said Letters Patent all Monies wanted for the Service of the Navy shall be solicited by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, and shall be for Naval Services generally, and that in the Letter soliciting the same the said Commissioners shall specify the general Balance of Public Monies remaining in the Treasurer's Hands; and that One Account only of the Monies issued from the Exchequer to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be raised in the Books of the said Governor and Company, and shall be entitled generally for Naval Services, a corresponding Account with which shall be kept by the said Treasurer; and upon Receipt of all such Monies from the Exchequer the said Treasurer snail certify the Amount to the said Commissioners: Provided always, that no Monies paid into the Bank of England on account of the Treasurer of the Navy, or for Naval Services, shall be paid thereout, except upon Drafts for Naval Services, to be drawn by the Treasurer or One of his Cashiers, upon several Accounts to be raised in the Bank Books by the Treasurer, or the Person duly authorized by him, in the joint Names of the said Treasurer and of his respective Cashiers; and provided also, that nothing in the said recited Act or in this Act contained shall be deemed to extend to prohibit the said Treasurer (by himself or by the Person authorized by him) from raising Sub-Accounts, in the Names of the Treasurer and any of his Cashiers, in the Books of the said Governor and Company, as has for the Safety and Convenience of the Public Service been heretofore the Practice, so that no Monies are paid out of the Bank except upon Drafts as herein is directed.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the annual Accounts required by the said last-recited Act to be made up by the Treasurer of the Navy shall be an Account of Naval Services generally, and shall

com-

2° GULIELMI IV. C. 40.

137

commence on the First Day of April and end on the Thirty-first Day of March in every Year; and after the same shall have been duly examined in the Office of and certified and approved by Two of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral shall be transmitted by the said Commissioners to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, as is provided by the said recited Act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer's Accounts for the first Three Months of the present Year shall be made up to the Thirty-first Day of March, and shall be examined and passed in the Manner directed by tlje said recited Act of the First Year of His present Majesty.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the monthly Accounts required by the said Act to be made up at the Dock Yards shall, from and after the Revocation of the said Letters Patent, be signed by the Pay Clerk, and shall be certified by the Superintendent of the Yard, or in his Absence by the Officer next in Seniority to him, and shall then be transmitted in Duplicate to the said Treasurer and to the Secretary of the Admiralty respectively.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the annual Inspection of Public Monies required by the same Act to be made shall in future be made on the First Day of April in each Year, or that Day being Sunday, on the following Day, in the Manner thereby directed, by the Superintendent at the Dock Yard, and by One of the Commissioners of the Admiralty at the Navy Pay Office; and the Amounts thereof respectively shall be certified to the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral, who shall within Three Months next after the First Day of April in each Year cause to be made out, and transmit to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, Certificates of the Amounts of the Balances thereupon found; and upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal of any Treasurer of the Navy, a similar Inspection of the Public Monies remaining in Charge of his several Cashiers and Clerks shall be made so soon after as conveniently may be, and at farthest within Seven Days afterwards; and the Amounts of the respective Balances found shall be in like Manner thereupon certified to the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, and Certificates thereof shall be by them, within the like Period of Seven Days, transmitted to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, for the Purpose mentioned in the said recited Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act all Allotment and Remittance Bills, and all other Bills for Payment of Money mentioned in or authorized by this Act or the said recited Act of the Eleventh Year of King George the Fourth, to be made out or drawn, and all Discharges for the same, and all Receipts or Discharges to be given to the Treasurer of the Navy, or any of His Officers, in respect of any Naval or Marine Pay, Pension, or Prize Money, or in respect of Payments under Ten Pounds on account of any Civil Pension or Allowance charged on the ordinary Estimate of the Navy, or of any Monies heretofore paid by the Paymaster of Royal Marines,

and

Accounts for the Three first Months of the present Year.

Monthly Accounts from Yards.

Annual Inspection of Monies.

Bills, &c. exempt from Stamp Duty.

2° GULIELMI IV.

Admiralty to make up an annual Account of Expenditure, under the Heads of Service specified in the Appropriation Acts;

Commissioners of Audit to examine the same, and a Copy thereof to be by them laid before Parliament.

Proviso for Objections.

Certificates heretofore received as Vouchers to be so received at the Audit Office.

C. 40.

A.D. 1832.

and which are now payable by the said Treasurer, shall be wholly freed and exempt from Stamp Duties.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral shall, after the Expiration of the present Year, cause to be made up, on or before the Thirtieth Day of November in each succeeding Year, an Account, to be signed and attested by the Accountant General of the Navy, of the Naval Receipt and Expenditure of the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March preceding, distinguishing the Expenditure under the several Heads of Naval Service, as expressed in the Appropriation Act or Acts for that Year; and the Account, when so made up and attested, shall be compared with the Vouchers by the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, who are hereby required, on or before the Thirty-first Day of January following, if Parliament be then sitting, and if not, then within One Week after Parliament shall be assembled, to lay before the House of Commons a Copy of the said Account, certifying thereon as to the Correctness of the said Account as compared with the Vouchers, and noting under each Head whether the Expenditure has exceeded or fallen short of the Sums voted by Parliament for the Naval Service of that Year for which the Account is so made up: Provided always, that in case any Objections shall have arisen in the Audit Office to such yearly Account, and the same remain unanswered or not satisfactorily answered, the said Account, made up in as perfect a Manner as may be, shall nevertheless be laid before the House of Commons as before directed, and shall be accompanied by a Statement of the said Objections; and that the Account of the following Year shall also be accompanied by a Statement referring to such Objections, and showing whether they still remain, or have been, and how, explained or removed: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to vest in the Board of Audit any Discretion as to the Allowance or Disallowance of any Item of Expenditure in support of which the usual and regular Vouchers shall have been produced to and allowed by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral.

XXXI. And whereas by the uniform Practice of the Navy the ' several Payments herein-after specified have been vouched by ' the Attestation of Witnesses to such Payments only, without

requiring from the Party receiving the same any Acquittance ' for the Amount so paid, and Certificates of the Amounts of ' such Payments so attested have been received as Vouchers

in Proof thereof be it therefore enacted, That Certificates founded upon the Books of His Majesty's Ships, and Extracts therefrom, and of the Ordinary it each Port, the Books of each Dock and Victualling Yard, the Half Pay Lists, the Lists of Savings of Provisions, the List of Greenwich Out-Pensions, the Pay Lists of Naval Hospitals, and the Account containing the Payments of Chaplains Bounty, shall, when duly attested by the several Officers or other Persons whose Duty it shall be to attend and attest such Payments, be received by the said Commissioners of Audit as sufficient Vouchers in Proof of the several Payments

2° GULIELMI IV.

139

A.D. 1832.

C. 40.

in such Certificates respectively charged, conformably with the Practice which has hitherto prevailed.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall forge or falsely make any Certificate to be given under the Authority of this Act by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or any of them, or by any Superintendent, of the Purchase or Sale of any Naval or Victualling Stores, or shall utter or publish any false or altered Certificate of any such Purchase or Sale, knowing the same to be false; or if any Person shall take a false Oath, or make a false Affirmation, or give false Evidence before any Commissioner or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, or before any Superintendent or Inspector of Seamen's Wills, touching any Matter which the said Commissioners or any of them, or any Superintendent or Inspector, are or is authorized to inquire into; every such Person, being duly convicted of any such Offence or Offences, shall be liable to suffer such Punishment, Pains, and Penalties as Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are by Law subject to.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Petition for Probate of Will or Letters of Administration of the Effects of any deceased Petty Officer or Seaman, or Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, or for obtaining a Check or Certificate in lieu of Probate or Letters of Administration, in Cases of Claims where the Deceased's Assets shall not exceed Thirty-two Pounds and Twenty Pounds respectively, shall be addressed to the Inspector of Seamen's Wills, and shall be forwarded to the Secretary of the Admiralty; and if any Person shall subscribe, transmit, utter, or publish any false Petition or Application to the said Inspector, knowing the same to be false, in order to obtain or to enable any other Person to obtain any Check or Certificate in lieu of Probate or Letters of Administration as aforesaid, every Person so offending shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and being convicted thereof shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years nor less than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Three Years nor less than One Year.

XXXIV. And whereas by an Act of the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the better preventing the Embezzlement of His Majesty's Naval, 4 Ordnance, and Victualling Stores, certain Rewards of Twenty 6 Pounds and Five Pounds are directed to be paid in the respec-

tive Cases therein mentioned, for the Discovery of Offences

relating to such Stores, and it is expedient that the Amount of the said Rewards should be reduced; be it therefore further enacted, That upon Convictions of Persons for any Offence touching His Majesty's Naval, Ordnance, or Victualling Stores, to be discovered after the passing of this Act, the Payment of Rewards shall be in the Discretion of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, or of the Master General and principal Officers of the Ordnance, as the Case may be; and that instead of the Rewards of Twenty Pounds and Five Pounds respectively payable under the said Act, the Rewards following shall be paid; (that is to say,) any Sum not exceed-

Punishment for forging Certificates, and for false Oaths.

Punishment for sending false Petitions to obtain the Inspector's Certificate.

Rewards payable on the Discovery of Offences relating to Naval Stores reduced,

HO

C. 40.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Repeal of Acts lG.l.s. 2. c. 2 5.

I G. 4. c. 91.

7 & 8 G.4. c. 8. 10 G. 4. c. 15. and Part of

II G. 4. c. 20.

Proviso for Treasurer of the Navy.

[Commencement of Act.]

Act may be altered.

exceeding Ten Pounds upon Convictions in Prosecutions by Indictment, and not exceeding Fifty Shillings upon summary Convictions in the respective Cases mentioned in the said Act; and that no Reward shall be payable in Cases where the Fine inflicted on the Offender shall amount to Twenty Pounds, unless such Fine shall fail to be paid as provided in the said Act; and that it shall be lawful to mitigate the pecuniary Penalty of Ten Pounds, in Cases of summary Convictions, to any Sum not less than Forty Shillings.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, as herein-after mentioned, an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, to prevent Disturbances by Seamen and others, and to preserve the Stores belonging to His Majesty's Navy Royal, and for other Purposes therein mentioned (save and except so much thereof as continues Two several Acts made in the Eleventh Year of King William the Third and the Fifth Year of Queen Anne); and an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, to authorize the Paymasters of Royal Marines to issue Pay not exceeding a certain Sum to the Representatives of deceased Officers and Private Men, without Probate or Administration; and also an Act made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Fourth, for more conveniently paying the Widows of Officers of the Royal Marines; and also an Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty to facilitate the public Business in certain Cases in the Navy and Victualling Departments; and also so much of an Act made in the Eleventh Year of His said late Majesty, to amend and consolidate the Laws relating to the Pay of the Royal Navy, as relates to the Paymaster of Royal Marines; and so much of the same Act as empowers Petty Officers, Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers, and Marines to make Orders in Writing upon the Treasurer of the Navy for Payment of Wages not exceeding Ten Pounds, and as authorizes the Inspector of Seamen's Wills to send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage, shall be and the same are hereby repealed: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to deprive the Treasurer of the Navy of the Privilege of sending and receiving Letters and Packets free of the Duty of Postage.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall, in the several Cases not hereby otherwise provided, commence and take effect on and from the Seventh Day after the passing of this Act; and that the same may be altered, varied, or amended by any other Act or Acts to be passed during this Session of Parliament.

A.D. 182.

2° GULIELMI IV. C. 40.

141

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

TABLE of FEES to be taken for Probates of Wills, Letters of Administration, and Letters of Administration with Will annexed, of Warrant and Petty Officers, and Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and also of Common Seamen and Marines, in pursuance of this Act.

PROBATES.

Where the Deceased

was a Warrant or Petty Where the Deceased

Officer in the Navy, was a Common Seaman

Under or a Non-commissioned or Marine.

what Sum Officer of Marines.

the

If the If the If the If the

Effects Executor be Executor be Executor be Executor be

a Wife, Child, more remotely a Wife, Child, more remotely

Parent, related, Parent, related,

sworn. Brother, or or a Stranger Brother, or or a Stranger

Sister of the in Blood Sister of the in Blood

Deceased. to him. Deceased. to him.

£ £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d.

20 0 7 0 0 16 6 0 7 0 0 16 6

If the Executor

sworn in Lon- 50 1 0 6 1 10 6 0 11 0 1 1 0

don

100 1 S 6 1 15 6 0 19 0 1 6 0

20 0 19 0 1 12 0 0 19 0 1 12 0

If the Executor

sworn in the^ 50 1 17 0 2 12 6 1 7 6 2 3 0

Country by

Commission -

. 100 2 8 0 2 17 6 1 18 6 o 00

(continued)

TABLE OF FEES — continued.

N>

ADMINISTRATIONS, and ADMINISTRATIONS with WILL ANNEXED.

Where the Deceased was a Warrant Where the Deceased was a Common Seaman

or Petty Officer in the Navy,

Under or a Non-commissioned Officer of Marines. or Marine.

what Sum

If the Administrator be a If the Administrator be more If the Administrator be a If the Administrator be more

the Wife, Child, Parent, Brother, remotely related, or Wife, Child, Parent, Brother, remotely related, or

Effects or Sister of the Deceased. a Stranger in Blood to him. or Sister of the Deceased. a Stranger in Blood to him.

sworn. Administra- Administra- Administra- Administra- Administra- Administra- Administra- Administra-

tions Intestate. tions with Will annexed. tions Intestate. tions with Will annexed. tions Intestate tions with Will annexed tions Intestate. tions with Will annexed.

£ £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ S. d. £ S. d. £ S. d. £ d. £ s. d.

If the Admini- | r 20 0 12 6 0 15 0 1 3 0 1 8 0 0 12 6 0 15 0 1 3 0 1 8 0

strator sworn 5° 2 5 6 2 9 0 2 16 0 3 2 0 0 16 0 0 19 6 2 6 6 2 12 6

in London - 1 I 100 3 3 6 2 18 6 3 19 0 3 16 6 I 4 0 1 9 0 2 19 6 3 7 0

If the Admini- " 20 0 19 6 1 2 0 1 13 6 1 18 6 0 19 6 1 2 0 1 13 6 1 18 6

strator sworn

in the Coun- 50 2 17 0 3 0 6 3 13 0 3 19 0 1 7 6 1 11 0 3 3 6 3 9 6

try by Commission I 100 3 18 0 3 13 0 4 15 0 4* 12 6 1 18 6 2 3 6 3 15 6 4. 3 0

C. 40. 2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 41.

143

CAP. XLI.

An Act to facilitate the Recovery of Tithes in certain Cases in Ireland, and for Relief of the Clergy of the Established Church.

[1st June 1832.]

WHEREAS a Combination against the Payment of Tithes

« has for some Time existed in certain Parts of Ireland,

and the ordinary Remedies provided by Law for the Recovery

thereof have been evaded and defeated; and great Numbers of the Clergy have been in consequence deprived of their legal Maintenance, and many of them reduced to a State of great

Distress: And whereas it is necessary to make special Enact-

raents in order to vindicate the Authority of the Law, and to

provide immediate Relief for such of the Clergy as are now ' suffering from the Deprivation of their Incomes through the

unlawful Combination aforesaid:' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, at any Time or Times within One Year from the passing of this Act, with the Advice of the Privy Council of Ireland, upon Application made as herein-after provided, to issue and advance, or cause to be issued and advanced, out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain and Ireland, such Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds, as may be from Time to Time necessary, to be applied to the Purposes and replaced in the Manner herein-after mentioned.

II. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Ecclesiastical Person entitled in that Character to the Tithes or any Portion* of the Tithes of apy Parish or Union, or Part of a Parish or Union, in Ireland, or to any Composition or Portion of a Composition for such Tithes, payable by virtue of any Law in force in Ireland respecting such Compositions, and who may have been prevented by the Combination herein-before mentioned from receiving or recovering the Tithes or Composition, or Portion thereof respectively, to which he may have been so entitled for the Year last past, that is to say, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, to make Application to the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, praying Relief under ttyis Act, and such Application shall be made by a Memorial stating the Right in which such Ecclesiastical Person is entitled to such Tithes or Composition, and whether to the Whole or any and what Proportion thereof, and the Amount or Value thereof, according to his average annual Receipts for the Three Years next preceding the said Year last past, or as the same may have been fixed by Composition or Agreement, as the Case may be, and the Amount in arrear for the Year last past, and the Proceedings which he may have taken for the receiving or recovering such Arrears, and by what Means the same have been rendered ineffectual; and to each such Memorial a Schedule shall be annexed, setting out the Names,

Authorizing the Lord Lieutenant to advance 60,000l. for the Purposes of this Act.

Ecclesiastical Persons who have not received or recovered Tithe for the Year last past may apply by Memorial, to the Lord Lieutenant, for Relief under this Act.

A Schedule to be attached to the Memorial, stating Particulars.

144

C. 41.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

When an Ecclesiastical Person shall be declared entitled to Relief under this Act, his Right to Tithes for the Tear last past to cease, and be vested in the Crown;

Descriptions, and Places of Abode of the several Persons, Occupiers of Land in each Parish or Union, or of the Representatives of such Persons, if any of them be dead, by whom such Arrears of Tithes or Composition may be due, and the Amount of Composition or the estimated Value of the Tithes so due and in arrear from each Person; and the Lands in rfespect whereof each Item of such Tithes or Composition may be payable shall be described in such Schedule by their commonly received Denomination, and the Barony, Townland, or Half Townland, and Parish in which the same may lie; and the Truth of the several Matters set forth and alleged in such Memorial and Schedule shall be verified upon Oath, to be administered by any Justice of the Peace in and for the County in which the Memorialist usually resides, to the best of the Knowledge and Belief of such Memorialist; and in case the Tithes or any Portion thereof so in arrear shall not be claimed under any Composition, such Memorial so to be verified as aforesaid shall further set forth, that the Sums claimed as the Value of such Tithes are made up as accurately as in the Memorialist s Power or Ability to do, at the different Rates per Acre or otherwise which have for the Three Years next preceding the said last past Year been, after all just Allowance and Abatements, really and bona fide paid or secured for Tithes of the like Kind and Quality within the said Parish or Union, and that there is no Charge in the said Schedule for any Tithes or Dues which have not been really and bona fide paid or secured by the Occupiers of Land within the said Parish or Union within the aforesaid Three Years, or to the Effect aforesaid; and upon such Application, and due Consideration of the several Matters stated in such Memorial and Schedule so verified as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland and Privy Council, at their Discretion, to declare the Party making such Application as aforesaid entitled to Relief under this Act, and thereupon to order that such Sum of Money as they may deem proper, not exceeding Two Thirds of the Amount of the Arrear of Tithes or Composition which accrued or become due in and for the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, as in such Memorial or Schedule stated, shall be paid and advanced to the Person making such Application as aforesaid, out of the said Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds herein-before authorized to be issued and advanced for the Purposes of this Act: Provided always, that such Advance so to be made as aforesaid shall not in any Case exceed the Sum of Five hundred^ Pounds to any Individual.

III. And be it further enacted, That so soon as any Ecclesiastical Person making such Application as aforesaid shall have been declared entitled to Relief under this Act in manner hereinbefore provided, the Right, Title, and Interest of such Person in and to all Tithes or Composition for Tithes due and unpaid for the Year last past, in or out of the Parish or Union in respect of the Tithes or Composition for Tithes accruing whereout such Application may hawe been made, shall wholly cease and determine, and the same shall vest in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and be recovered and enforced by the Proceedings and in the Manner herein-after provided, and not otherwise: 13 Provided

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 41.

145

Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall in any but nothin* respect affect the Rights of any Person receiving Relief under herein to affect this Act to the Tithes or Composition for Tithe for any Year RiSht other than the Year last past, and that such Person may recover ^e^Year *°T- the Tithes or Composition for Tithe, or any Arrears thereof, for *

any preceding Year, in like Manner as if he had not been declared entitled to Relief under this Act; and provided further, that it shall be lawful for such Ecclesiastical Person to have and receive any Surplus of the Tithes or Composition for Tithes for the Year last past which may be recovered under this Act, after replacing the Advances made to him, but subject and pursuant to the Provisions herein-after contained in that Behalf.

IV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Ecclesias- Applica-tical Person making Application under this Act shall be declared tion for Relief to be entitled to Relief thereunder, the said Lord Lieutenant or under this Act, other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland and Privy Council Proclamation shall issue their Proclamation, to be posted on conspicuous Places to i.ssue° within the proper Parish, (whereof the Publication in the Dublin menu1^ Gazette shall be sufficient Evidence, as also of such Declaration

by the Lord Lieutenant and Council of the said Tithes or Composition Rents being duly vested in the Crown,) enjoining and requiring all Persons named in the Schedule annexed to such Memorial respectively to pay to the Collector of Excise of the District wherein such Persons may respectively reside the several Sums in such Schedule stated to be due and owing by them severally, or so much thereof as they shall respectively admit to be due and be willing to pay; and warning all such Persons that Proceedings in in default of their rendering due Obedience to the Injunctions of case of Default, such Proclamation, within One Calendar Month from the Date thereof, such Proceedings as are by this Act warranted will be forthwith taken for the Levy and Recovery of all such Sums remaining due and unpaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That the respective Collectors of Collectors of Excise throughout Ireland shall give to every Party making any Excise sh*N Payment pursuant to the Provisions of this Act a Receipt acknow- ^pitomak ledging such Payment; and that such Receipt shall be to the ing Pa^ent^ " Parties holding the same a full and sufficient Acquittance against which shall be His Majesty and all Persons whatsoever for the Monies therein a sufficient expressed to have been received; and if for the full Amount in Acquittance, such Schedule stated, or for such Amount in lieu thereof as the said Attorney General shall direct such Collector to receive in lieu thereof, such Receipt shall be an Acquittance and Discharge from all Tithe or Composition for Tithe for the said Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, which might be claimed by the Ecclesiastical Person upon whose Application the Proclamation aforesaid may have been issued, or by the Crown in right of such Person, under the Provisions of this Act; and such Collectors shall account for and pay over all Monies so received in such Manner as the Lord High Treasurer or any Three or more of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall direct.

VI. And be it further enacted, That upon the Expiration of J" default of the Time in the said Proclamation limited, and in default of Payment of the Arrears and Sums so vested in the Crown in ail Application,

2 Gul.1V. L . manner by Petition of '

C. 41.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Attorney General, to be made to Court of Chancery or Exchequer for an Order against Defaulters.

Court of Chancery or Exchequer to examine into the Matter of the Petition.

Interrogatories to be answered.

Books, &c. may be ordered into Court.

Proceedings to be summary.

manner aforesaid, or any of them, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty's Attorney General for Ireland to apply, by Petition or Petitions, either to the Court of Chancery or to the Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, showing the Right of the Ecclesiastical Person upon whose Application such Proclamation may have been issued to the Tithes or Composition, or any Part thereof due and in arrear, and that the same has become vested in the Crown under the Provisions of this Act* and praying the Order of such Court against all or any of the Persons in default for Payment of such Sums as may be found due by them or any of them; and to every such Petition a Copy of the Schedule accompanying the Application whereupon the Proceedings aforesaid may have been taken, or of so much thereof as may relate to the Persons against whom such Order may be prayed by such Petition, shall be annexed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Courts of Chancery and Exchequer respectively, upon any such Petition, summarily to examine into the Matter thereof, and to inquire whether any and what Tithe, and the Value thereof, or any and what Composition for Tithe, or Arrears of Tithe or Composition for Tithe, may be due for the Year last past; that is to say, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, by the Person or Persons, or any and every of them, against whom an Order for Payment thereof may be prayed, and for that Purpose to call before them and examine vivd voce any Person or Persons upon Oath, or to ascertain the Truth by Interrogatories or by Affidavit, and thereupon to make Such Order or Orders as to such Court shall seem just; and in case any Person against whom any such Order shall be prayed by Petition as aforesaid shall not, by himself or herself, or some Attorney or Counsel, attend at the Time appointed for proceeding upon such Petition, the same shall, as against such Person, be taken pro confesso, and an Order shall be forthwith made as against every such Person for the Sum in the Schedule annexed to the said Petition charged against such Person, or for such lesser Sum as the Court shall award.

VIII. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall be admitted to take any Defence to any such Petition shall, within such Time as the said Courts respectively shall think proper, answer such personal Interrogatories as shall, by the Order of such Court, be exhibited to him or her on behalf of any such Petitioner, touching the Quantities or Values of the Tithes, for the said Year last past, of the Lands which such Person, or the Person or Persons of whom he or she is or are the Representative or Representatives, held in the said Year.

IX. And be it enacted, That the said Courts respectively may order that all Books, Writings, and Evidences in the Custody, Power, or Possession of the said Parties, or of any other Person or Persons, which may be necessary to enable the said Courts to ascertain the Truth of any of the Matters proper to be inquired into by them under the Proceedings by this Act directed, shall be brought into and produced before the said Courts respectively: Provided always, that all such Proceedings shall be summary, and that no Objection to any such Petition, on account

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 41.

147

of the Demands thereby sought to be recovered being distinct

or multifarious, nor for Want of Parties or Want of Form, shall be received; and no such Petition shall abate on account of the Petition not to

Death of any of the Parties thereto; and in case of any such abate by Death

Death the Petitioner may proceed against the Representatives of Partles«

of any Person so dying, having first served them with a Notice thereof; and upon its appearing to the Court that such Notice had been given, such Court shall proceed to inquire into the Matter of such Petition as against the Representatives of any Person so dying, in the same Manner as against the said Person were he or she living, and the said Courts respectively shall proceed thereon accordingly.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That at least Fourteen Notice of any Days before any Proceeding shall be taken under any such Peti- Proceeding to tion as aforesaid a Notice thereof, expressing the Name or Names be taken on of the Person or Persons against whom any Order may be thereby Sl'c^. petition

o j j % j shall 1)0 nosted

prayed, and the Amount sought to be recovered against such up pourteen Person, or if there be more Persons than One, against each of Days pre-them severally, shall be posted on the principal Door of the viously. Church of the Parish or Union the Tithes or Composition for Tithes whereof may be sought to be recovered by such Proceeding, if any Church there be in which Divine Service is usually celebrated within the same, and if not, on the Market House, or in some conspicuous Place in any Market Town in or next adjoining to such Parish or Union; and such Notice shall also be posted on any other usual and convenient Place or Places for posting Notices within such Parish or Union; and in all Proceedings under this Act the posting such Notices, or any Order or Matter, on such Places herein-before mentioned, shall be deemed full and sufficient Service and Notice thereof to all Intents and Purposes and upon all Persons whatsoever, unless the Court shall think fit to direct any other or different Notice to be given in addition to or in substitution for the same.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Order of either of Order of Court the said Courts of Chancery or Exchequer respectively, made to have Effect upon any Petition under the Provisions of this Act, shall have, of a Decree, without Inrolment, the Force and Effect of a Decree; and that eln£ut nro" an attested Copy of every such Order shall be as effectual to all

Intents and Purposes as an Exemplification of a Decree, or as if such Order had been inrolled, and an Exemplification thereof after Inrolment had been made out and sealed; and every such Order shall be enforced by such Writ of Execution or other Process as might be sued or issued to enforce any final Decree or Order of either of the said Courts.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Attorney Gene-lawful for His Majesty's said Attorney General, if he shall think ral may apply so fit, instead of applying as afore provided to the Court of to Assistant Chancery or Exchequer, to apply by Petition to the Assistant Count^for^ Barrister of the County or Riding in which the Person or Persons TUhes no* may reside against whom it is sought to recover the Value of exceeding io/. any Tithes or Composition for Tithes, or in case such Person or Persons shall reside within the County of Dublin, then to the Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace for such County; and such Petition shall be framed in like Manner as herein-before

148

C. 41.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Notice of Intention to petition, with Schedule stating Particulars, to be posted up Ten Days before General or Quarter Sessions.

Where Parties do not appear by Counsel at Hearing of Petition, Decree may be forthwith made.

directed in respect of Petitions to the Court of Chancery and Exchequer; and upon such Petition it shall and may be lawful for the Assistant Barrister or Chairman to whom the same may be addressed, at the General or Quarter Sessions for such County, summarily to examine into the Matter of such Petition, without any previous Proceedings in any Ecclesiastical Court, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and such Assistant Barrister or.Chairman shall have Power and Authority, in like Manner, and by oral Examination on Oath, or Affidavit, or otherwise, as the said Courts of Chancery and Exchequer respectively have been herein-before empowered to do, to inquire and ascertain the Value of the Tithes, or the Amount of the Arrear of Tithe or Composition for Tithe, due and payable by each of the Persons against whom the Petition aforesaid may pray a Decree; and upon and after such Examination and Inquiry the said Assistant Barrister or Chairman shall make such Decree or Decrees, either against all or any of the Parties against whom the same may be prayed, as to him shall seem just; and all such Decrees shall and may be enforced by all such Process as may be employed to enforce or carry into execution any other Decree pronounced or made upon any Proceeding by Civil Bill by any such Assistant Barrister or Chairman, under or by virtue of any Law or Statute heretofore made.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That at least Twelve Days before the Commencement of the General or Quarter Sessions at which any Petition under this Act is intended to be preferred, a Notice of such Intention, together with a Schedule setting out the Names of the several Persons against whom such Proceeding is to be taken, and the Value of the Tithes or Amount of the Composition for Tithes sought to be recovered from each of them respectively, shall be posted on the principal Door of the Church of the Parish or Union the Tithes or Composition for Tithes whereof may be sought to be recovered by such Proceeding, if any Church there be in which Divine Service is usually celebrated within the same, and if none, then on the Market House or in some conspicuous Place in any Market Town in or next adjoining to such Parish or Union; and such Notice shall also be posted on any other usual and convenient Place or Places for posting Notices within such Parish or Union; and such Notice, so posted, shall be to all Intents and Purposes full and sufficient Notice and Service to and upon all Persons anywise concerned of such Proceeding by Petition as aforesaid to such Assistant Barrister or Chairman.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person against whom any such Proceeding by Petition before any Assistant Barrister or Chairman may be adopted shall not, by himself or herself, or some Attorney or Counsel, attend at the Hearing of such Petition, the same shall and may be taken pro covfesso as against such Person, and a Decree be forthwith made by such Assistant Barrister or Chairman against such Person for the full Amount prayed, or for such lesser Sum as shall be awarded, in like Manner as has herein-before been provided in the Case of any Petition presented to the Court of Chancery or Exchequer.

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 41.

149

XV. And be it farther enacted, That all Monies paid, received, Monies paid or recovered under Authority of this Act shall be paid in such under Act to be Manner as the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of placed to the His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall direct, to the Credit and Account of the Teller of His Majesty's Exchequer, and Exchequer, distinctly and apart from all other Monies; and that kept separate the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, from all other or any Three or more of them, shall cause to be kept an Account Monies, of all Monies from Time to Time advanced, pursuant to the Account to be Provisions herein-before made, on each several Application for kept.

Relief made under this Act, and a like Account of all Monies paid, received, or levied by virtue of the Provisions herein-before contained, in satisfaction of the Tithes, or Composition for Tithes, or Arrears thereof, vested, by reason of such Application having been acceded to, in the Crown; and all such Monies shall be in each Case applicable to replace the Monies advanced by Order of the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the Relief of the Person making such Application, out of the Consolidated Fund; and the Surplus, if any, after Payment and Satisfaction of such Advances, and of all Costs and Charges attendant on the Collection, Receipt, and Levy or Recovery of such Tithes or Composition for Tithes, shall, when and as the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall direct, be paid over to the Person in whose Right, so transferred to the Crown under this Act, such Tithes or Composition for Tithes may have been received or recovered.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall appear Costs to Re-upon any such Trial as aforesaid, to any of the said Courts of spondents un-Chancery, Exchequer, or of the Assistant Barrister, that any sued« Demand or Demands contained in any Schedule to any such Memorial as aforesaid had been previously paid or satisfied, or

was unfounded or unreasonable, that then it shall be lawful for such Court, if it shall think fit so to do, at its Discretion, to order such Sum or Sums as shall appear to such Court to be reasonable to be paid by the said Attorney General to the Party or Parties so wrongfully sued, as and for and in the Name of Costs of Suit; such Sum or Sums to be deducted from the surplus Fund to which the Memorialist making such unreasonable Demand would become entitled as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That, save as aforesaid, no All Proceedings

Costs shall be recoverable under this Act; and that up to and under Act exprevious to Process of Execution under this Act, no Stamp Duty ^"P* .

nor Office Fees shall be paid or chargeable upon any Proceeding, anjoifficeFees. Order, Copy, Instrument, Document, Receipt, or other Matter or

Thing occurring, used in, or occasioned by any Proceeding under this Act; any other Act or Acts, or any Law or Usage, to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Per- Persons who sons who shall make or take any Oath or Affidavit, or swear to swear falsely any Interrogatories to be taken before any Person or Persons in 6uff*r for pursuance of this Act, and therein wilfully and knowingly swear Pel3ury *

or answer falsely to any Matter or Thing, every such Person, being duly convicted thereof, shall incur and suffer such Penal-

L 3 ties,

150

C. 41, 42.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 182.

Trustees and Parish Officers in Vestry assembled may let Portions of Poor Allotments to industrious Cottagers.

Land to be duly cultivated.

Vestry to be held annually to receive Applications.

ties, Pains, and Disabilities as Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are liable to; or if any Person or Persons shall corruptly procure or suborn any other Person to swear or answer falsely in any Oath, Affidavit, Interrogatories, or other Proceeding, the Person or Persons duly convicted of such procuring or suborning shall incur and suffer such Penalties, Forfeitures, Pains, and Disabilities as Persons convicted of Subornation of Perjury are liable to.

CAP. XIII.

An Act to authorize (in Parishes inclosed under any Act of Parliament) the letting of the Poor Allotments in small Portions to industrious Cottagers.

[1st June 1832.]

WHEREAS in Parishes inclosed under Acts of Parliament there are in many Cases Allotments made for the Benefit

of the Poor, chiefly with a view to Fuel, which are now comparatively useless and unproductive: And whereas it would tend much to the Welfare and Happiness of the Poor if those Allotments could be let at a fair Rent, and in small Portions, to industrious Cottagers of good Character, while the Distribution of Fuel might be augmented by appropriating the said Rents to the Purchase of an additional Quantity; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees of the said Allotments, together with the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, in Parish Vestry assembled, and they are hereby required, to let Portions of any such Allotment, not less than One Fourth of a Statute Acre, and not exceeding One such Acre, to any One Individual, according to their Discretion, as a yearly Occupation from Michaelmas to Michaelmas, (and at such Rent as Land of the same Quality is usually let for in the said Parish,) to such industrious Cottagers of good Character, being Day Labourers or Journeymen legally settled in the said Parish, and dwelling within or near its Bounds, as shall apply for the same in the Manner herein-after mentioned.

II. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Person hiring the same shall be held bound to cultivate it in such a Manner as shall preserve the Land in a due State of Fertility.

III. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of carrying this Act into effect a Vestry shall be held in the First Week in September in every Year, of which Ten Days Notice shall be given in the usual Manner, at which Vestry the Trustees of the said Allotments may attend and vote, if they shall so think fit, and at which Vestry, or some Adjournment thereof, any industrious Cottager of good Character who may desire to rent such Portion of Land as aforesaid may apply for the same; and the said Vestry are hereby required, taking into consideration the Character and Circumstances of the Applicant, to determine the Case, either by rejecting his Application, or by making an Order that he shall be permitted to occupy such Portion of the Poor Allotment, being not less than One Fourth of a Statute Acre nor

15 exceeding

2° GULIELMI IV. C. 42.

151

exceeding One such Acre, as the said Vestry in their Discretion shall determine, and upon the Terms herein-before enacted; and the said Order of Vestry shall be held to all Intents and Purposes to be a sufficient Title and Authority to such Applicant to enter into the Occupation of such Land at the Time therein appointed.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Rent shall be reserved and payable to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, on behalf of the Vestry, in one gross Sum for the whole Year, and shall be paid to one or either of them at the End of the Year's Occupation.

V. And be it further enacted, That if the Rent of such Portion of Land shall at any Time be Four Weeks in arrear, or if at the End of any One Year of Occupation it shall be the Opinion of the Vestry that the Land has not been duly cultivated, so as to fulfil the useful and benevolent Purposes of this Act, then and in such Case the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, oi any or either of them, with the Consent of the Vestry, may serve a Notice to quit upon the Occupier of such Portion of Land; whereupon the said Occupier shall deliver up Possession of the same to the Churchwardens and Overseers aforesaid, or any or either of them, within One Week after the said Notice has been duly served upon him.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person to whom such Portion of Land as aforesaid shall have been let, for his or her own Occupation, shall refuse to quit and to deliver up Possession thereof when thereto required according to the Terms of this Act, or if any other Person or Persons shall unlawfully enter upon or take or hold Possession of any such Land, it shall be lawful for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, or any or either of them, to exhibit a Complaint against the Person so in Possession of such Land before Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, who are hereby authorized and required to issue a Summons, under their Hands and Seals, to the Person against whom such Complaint shall be made, to appear before them at a Time and Place appointed therein; and such Justices are hereby required and empowered, upon the Appearance of the Defendant before them, or upon Proof on Oath that such Summons has been duly served upon him, or left at his usual Place of Residence, or if there should have been any Difficulty in finding such usual Place of Residence, then upon Proof on Oath of such Difficulty, and that such Summons has been affixed on the Door of the Parish Church of the said Parish in which such Land is situated, and in any Extra-parochial Place on some public Building or other conspicuous Place therein, to proceed to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint, and if they shall find and adjudge the same to be true, then by Warrant under their Hands and Seals to cause Possession of the Land in question to be delivered to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, or to some of them.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Arrears of Rent for the said Portions of Land shall be recoverable by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, or any of them, on behalf of the Vestry, by Application to Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in Petty Sessions assembled, who shall thereupon

L 4 summon

Order of Vestry to authorize Occupation.

Payment of Rent.

If Rent is in arrear, or Land not duly cultivated, Tenant may be evicted.

Power to recover Possession of Land illegally held over, by summary Process.

Arrears of Rent how to be recovered.

152

C. 42 — 44.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 18B2.

Application of Rent.

Power to exchange, for greater Convenience of Cottagers.

No Habitations to be erected.

Extending Powers and Provisions of this Act to 1 & 2 W. 4. c. 42. and c. 59.

summon the Party complained against, and after hearing what he has to allege, should they find any Rent to be due, they are required to issue a Warrant under their Hands and Seals to levy the same upon the Goods and Chattels of the Person from whom the said Rent shall be due and owing.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Rent of the said Portions of Land shall be applied by the Vestry in the Purchase of Fuel, to be distributed in the Winter Season among the poor Parishioners legally settled and resident in or near the said Parish.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Allotments shall be found to lie at an inconvenient Distance from the Residences of the Cottagers, it shall be lawful for the Vestry, by an Order made to that Effect, to let such Allotment, or any Part thereof, for the best Rent that can be procured for the same, and to hire in lieu thereof, for the Purposes of this Act, Land of equal Value, more favourably situated.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Habitations shall be erected on the Portions of Land demised under this Act, either at the Expence of the Parish or by the Individuals renting the same.

XI. And whereas by Two Acts of the First and Second Years c of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of His Majesty King George the £ Third, for the Relief and Employment of the Poor, and the other ' intituled An Act to enable the Churchwardens and Overseers to c inclose Lands belonging to the Crown, for the Benefit of poor ' Persons residing in the Parish in which such Crown Land is ' situated, Power is given, under certain Restrictions, to inclose i any Quantity not exceeding Fifty Acres of Waste Land and Crown Land respectively, for the Use and Benefit of the Poor; be it further enacted, That in any Parish where such Inclosure shall exist or shall hereafter take place, or where Land shall in any other Manner be found appropriated for the general Benefit of the Poor of any Parish, then and in such Cases the Powers and Provisions of this Act shall be held to apply, in so far as the same may be found applicable.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act to continue until the First Day of March One thou-9 G. 4. c. 73. sand eight hundred and thirty-six an Act of the Ninth Year of His late Majesty, for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in India.

[1st June 1832.]

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to continue for Three Years, and to amend, the Laws for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England.

[6th June 1832.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Seventh Year of His 7 G. 4. c. 57. ' late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to

5 amend and consolidate the Laws for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England: And whereas a certain other Act was passed in

14? ' the

2° GULIELMI IV. C. 44.

A.D. 1832.

153

the First Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to con- 1W. 4. c. 38.

tinue and amend the Laws for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England, whereby, amongst other Things thereby enacted, the ' said first-mentioned Act was continued for a certain Time therein mentioned And whereas it is expedient to continue the said Acts; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Acts Recited Acts shall be and the same are hereby continued. continued.

II. And whereas it is by the said first-recited Act enacted, Assignees not

that a Counterpart of every Conveyance and Assignment by required to exethe Provisional Assignee of the Court for Relief of Insolvent cute Counter -

4 Debtors, to the other Assignees therein mentioned, shall be ^eyances, Tut

filed of Record in the said Court: And whereas the requiring Provisional such Counterpart has been productive of Delay and Inconve- Assignee to

nience be it therefore enacted, That from and after the execute them passing of this Act the said Assignees shall not be required to in Duphcate. execute such Counterpart as aforesaid, but that in lieu thereof the said Provisional Assignee shall execute every such Conveyance and* Assignment as aforesaid in Duplicate, and that one Part of such Conveyance and Assignment so executed by such Provisional Assignee shall be filed of Record in the said Court; and that a Copy of any such Record so made and so purporting to be certified and sealed as by the said first-recited Act is directed for Evidence of the Records therein mentioned in that Behalf, shall be recognized and received as sufficient Evidence of such Conveyance and Assignment so to be executed as aforesaid, and of Title under the same, as fully and effectually in every respect as the said Records are required to be recognized and received by the Provisions of the said first-recited Act, to all Intents and Purposes.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Court shall and Examiners may may, from Time to Time as Occasion shall require, appoint Exa- he appointed in miners for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and of this Act Djydon as well within the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, and the City of ^ln e °un" London and Borough of Southwark, as well as within the other

Parts of England, as directed by the said first-recited Act; and that the said Court may order References in pursuance of the said recited Acts to be made to any such Examiner, or to an Officer of the said Court, as shall appear most expedient; and that all Things shall and may be done in pursuance of a Reference made to such Examiner as may be done in pursuance of a Reference to an Officer of the said Court according to the Provisions of the said first-recited Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act or any Part Act may be

thereof may be altered, varied, or repealed by any Act or Acts altered this to be passed in this present Session of Parliament. Session.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts and Duration of this Act shall continue in force until the First Day of June One Acts, thousand eight hundred and thirty-five, and from thence until the

End of the then next Session of Parliament.

C. 45.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Certain Boroughs to cease to send Members to Parliament.

Certain Boroughs to return One Member only.

New Boroughs hereafter to return Two Members.

CAP. XLV.

An Act to amend the Representation of the People in

England and Wales.

[7th June 1832.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to take effectual Measures for correcting divers Abuses that have long prevailed in the

4 Choice of Members to serve in the Commons House of Parliament, to deprive many inconsiderable Places of the Right of returning Members, to grant such Privilege to large, populous, and wealthy Towns, to increase the Number of Knights of the Shire, to extend the Elective Franchise to many of His Majesty's Subjects who have not heretofore enjoyed the same, and to diminish the Expence of Elections; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That each of the Boroughs enumerated in the Schedule marked (A.) to this Act annexed, (that is to say,) Old Sarum, Newtown, St. Michaels or Mid shall, Gatton, Bramber, Bossiney, Dunwich, Ludgerskall, St. Mawes, Beeralston, West Looe, St. Germains, Newport, Blechingley, Aldborough, Camelford, Hindon, East Looe, Corfe Castle, Great Bedwin, Yarmouth, Queenborough, Castle Rising, Grinstead, Bigham Ferrers, Wendover, Weobly, JFwe-

chelsea, Tregony, Haslemere, Saltash, Orford, Callington, Newton, Rchester, Boroughbridge, Stockbridge, JVeitf Romney, Hedon, Plymp-ton, Seaford, Heytesbury, Steyning, Whitchurch, Wootton Bassett ', Downton, Fowey, Milborne Port, Aldeburgh, Minehead, Bishop's Castle, Okehampton, Appleby, Lostwithiel, Brackley, and Amersham, shall from and after the End of this present Parliament cease to return any Member or Members to serve in Parliament.

II. And be it enacted, That each of the Boroughs enumerated

in the Schedule marked (B.) to this Act annexed, (that is to say,) Petersfield, Ashburton, Zsye, Westbury, Wareham, Midhurst, Wood-stock, Wilton, Malmesbury, Liskeard, Reigate, Hythe, Droitwich, Lyme Regis, Launceston, Shaftesbury, Thirsk, Christchurch, Horsham, Great Grimsby, Caine, Arundel, Zfye, Clitheroe, Mor-

peth, Helston, North Allerton, Wallingford, and Dartmouth, shall from and after the End of this present Parliament return One Member and no more to serve in Parliament.

III. And be it enacted, That each of the Places named in the Schedule marked (C.) to this Act annexed, (that is to say,) Manchester, Birmingham, Leeds, Greenwich, Sheffield, Sunderland, Devonport, Wolverhampton, Tower Hamlets, Finsbury, Mary-le-bone, Lambeth, Bolton, Bradford, Blackburn, Brighton, Halifax, Macclesfield, Oldham, Stockport, Stoke-upon- Trent, and Stroud, shall for the Purposes of this Act be a Borough, and shall as such Borough include the Place or Places respectively which shall be comprehended within the Boundaries of such Borough, as such Boundaries shall be settled and described by an Act to be passed for that Purpose in this present Parliament, which Act, when passed, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of this Act as fully and effectually as if the same were incorporated herewith; and that each of the said Boroughs named in the said Schedule (C.)

shall

2° GULIELMI IV.

155

C. 45.

shall from and after the End of this present Parliament rethrn Two Members to, serve in Parliament.

IV. And be it enacted, That each of the Places named in the Schedule marked (D.) to this Act annexed, (that is to say,) Ashton-under-Lyne, Bury, Chatham, Cheltenham, Dudley, Frame, Gateshead, Huddersfield, Kidderminster, Kendal, Rochdale, Salford, South Shields, Tynemouth, Wakefield, Walsall, Warrington, Whitby, Whitehaven, and Merthyr Tydvil, shall for the Purposes of this Act be a Borough, and shall as such Borough include the Place or Places respectively which shall be comprehended within the Boundaries of such Borough, as such Boundaries shall be settled and described by an Act to be passed for that Purpose in this present Parliament, which Act, when passed, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of this Act as fully and effectually as if the same were incorporated herewith; and that each of the said Boroughs named in the said Schedule (D.) shall from and after the End of this present Parliament return One Member to serve in Parliament.

V. And be it enacted, That the Borough of New Shoreham shall for the Purposes of this Act include the whole of the Rape of Bramber in the County of Sussex, save and except such Parts of the said Rape as shall be included in the Borough of Horsham by an Act to be passed for that Purpose in this present Parliament; and that the Borough of Cricklade shall for the Purposes of this Act include the Hundreds and Divisions of Highuxrrth, Cricklade, Staple, Kingsbridge, and Malmsbury in the County of Wilts, save and except such Parts of the said Hundred of Malmsbury as shall be included in the Borough of Malmsbury by an Act to be passed for that Purpose in this present Parliament; and that the Borough of Aylesbury shall for the Purposes of this Act include the Three Hundreds of Aylesbury in the County of Buckingham; and that the Borough of East Retford shall for the Purposes of this Act include the Hundred of Bassetlaw in the County of Nottingham, and all Places locally situate within the outside Boundary or Limit of the Hundred of Bassetlaw, or surrounded by such Boundary and by any Part of the County of Lincoln or County of York.

VI. And be it enacted, That the Borough of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis shall from and after the End of this present Parliament return Two Members, and no more, to serve in Parliament; and that the Borough of Penryn shall for the Purposes of this Act include the Town of Falmouth; and that the Borough of Sandwich shall for the Purposes of this Act include the Parishes of Deal and Waimer,

VII. And be it enacted, That every City and Borough in England which now returns a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, and every Place sharing in the Election therewith, (except the several Boroughs enumerated in the said Schedule (A.) , and except the several Boroughs of New Shoreham, Cricklade, Aylesbury, and East Retford,) shall, and each of the said Boroughs of Penryn and Sandwich also shall, for the Purposes of this Act, include the Place or Places respectively which shall be comprehended within the Boundaries of every such City, Borough, or Place, as such Boundaries shall be settled and described by an Act

New Boroughs hereafter to return One Member.

The Boroughs of Shoreham, Cricklade, Aylesbury, and East Retford shall include certain adjacent Districts.

Weymouth and Melcombe Regis to return Two Members only, &c.

Boundaries of existing Boroughs in England to be settled.

C. 45.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Places in Wales to have a Share in Elections for Shire-Towns.

Boundaries of Shire-Towns and Places in Wales to be settled.

Swansea,

Loughor,

Neath, Aberavon, and Ken-fig to form One Borough, and Electors thereof not to vote for a Member for Cardiff.

Description of the Returning Officers for the new Boroughs *

Act to be passed for that Purpose in this present Parliament, which Act, when passed, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of this Act as fully and effectually as if the same were incorporated herewith.

VIII. And be it enacted, That each of the Places named in the First Column of the Schedule (E.) to this Act annexed shall have a Share in the Election of a Member to serve in all future Parliaments for the Shire-Town or Borough which is mentioned in conjunction therewith and named in the Second Column of the said Schedule (E.)

IX. And be it enacted, That each of the Places named in the First Column of the said Schedule (E.) , and each of the Shire-Towns or Boroughs named in the Second Column of the said Schedule (E.) , and the Borough of Brecon, shall for the Purposes of this Act include the Place or Places respectively which shall be comprehended within the Boundaries of each of the said Places, Shire-Towns, and Boroughs respectively, as such Boundaries shall be settled and described by an Act to be passed for that Purpose in this present Parliament, which Act, when passed, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of this Act as fully and effectually as if the same were incorporated herewith.

X. And be it enacted, That each of the Towns of Swansea, Loughor, Neath, Aberavon, and Ken-fig shall for the Purposes of this Act include the Place or Places respectively which shall be comprehended within the Boundaries of each of the said Towns, as such Boundaries shall be settled and described by an Act to be passed for that Purpose in this present Parliament, which Act, when passed, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of this Act as fully and effectually as if the same were incorporated herewith; and that the said Five Towns, so including as aforesaid, shall for the Purposes of this Act be One Borough, and shall as such Borough, from and after the End of this present Parliament, return One Member to serve in Parliament; and that the Portreeve of Swansea shall be the Returning Officer for the said Borough; and that no Person, by reason of any Right accruing in any of the said Five Towns, shall have any Vote in the Election of a Member to serve in any future Parliament for the Borough of Cardiff.

XI. And be it enacted, That the Persons respectively described in the said Schedule (C.) and (D.) shall be the Returning Officers at all Elections of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for the Boroughs in conjunction with which such Persons are respectively mentioned in the said Schedules (C.) and (D.); and that for those Boroughs in the said Schedules for which no Persons are mentioned in such Schedules as Returning Officers the Sheriff for the Time being of the County in which such Boroughs are respectively situate shall, within Two Months after the passing of this Act, and in every succeeding respective Year in the Month of March, by Writing under his Hand, to be delivered to the Clerk of the Peace of the County within One Week, and to be by such Clerk of the Peace filed and preserved with the Records of his Office, nominate and appoint for each of such Boroughs a fit Person, being resident therein, to be, and such Person so nominated and appointed shall accordingly be, the

Returning

C. 45.

157

Returning Officer for each of such Boroughs respectively until the Nomination to be made in the succeeding March; and in the Event of the Death of any such Person, or of his becoming incapable to act by reason of Sickness or other sufficient Impediment, the Sheriff for the Time being shall on Notice thereof forthwith nominate and appoint in his Stead a fit Person, being so resident as aforesaid, to be, and such Person so nominated and appointed shall accordingly-be, the Returning Officer for such Borough for the Remainder of the then current Year; and no Person, having been so nominated and appointed as Returning Officer for any Borough, shall after the Expiration of his Office be compellable at any Time thereafter to serve again in the said Office for the same Borough: Provided always, that no Person being in Holy Orders, nor any Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor within any such Borough, shall be nominated or appointed as such Returning Officer for the same; and that no Person nominated and appointed as Returning Officer for any Borough now sending or hereafter to send Members to Parliament shall be appointed a Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor therein during the Time for which he shall be such Returning Officer: Provided also, that no Person qualified to be elected to serve as a Member in Parliament shall be compellable to serve as Returning Officer for any Borough for which he shall have been nominated and appointed by the Sheriff as aforesaid if within One Week after he shall have received Notice of his Nomination and Appointment as Returning Officer he shall make Oath of such Qualification before any Justice of the Peace, and shall forthwith notify the same to the Sheriff: Provided also, that in case His Majesty shall be pleased to grant His Royal Charter of Incorporation to any of the Boroughs named in the said Schedules (C.) and (D.) which are not now incorporated, and shall by such Charter give Power to elect a Mayor or other Chief Municipal Officer for any such Borough, then and in every such Case such Mayor or other Chief Municipal Officer for the Time being shall be the only Returning Officer for such Borough; and the Provisions herein-before contained with regard to the Nomination and Appointment of*a Returning Officer for such Borough shall thenceforth cease and determine.

XII. And be it enacted, That in all future Parliaments there shall be Six Knights of the Shire, instead of Four, to serve for the County of York, (that is to say,) Two Knights for each of the Three Ridings of the said County, to be elected in the same Manner, and by the same Classes and Descriptions of Voters, and in respect of the same several Rights of voting, as if each of the Three Ridings were a separate County; and that the Court for the Election of Knights of the Shire for the North Riding of the said County shall be holden at the City of York, and the Court for the Election of Knights of the Shire for the West Riding of the said County shall be holden at Wakefield, and the Court for the Election of Knights of the Shire for the East Riding of the said County shall be holden at Beverly.

XIII. And be it enacted, That in all future Parliaments there shall be Four Knights of the Shire, instead of Two, to serve for the County of Lincoln, (that is to say,) Two for the Parts of

Lindsey

Who disqualified.

Who exempt.

[Proviso.]

Six Knights of the Shire for Yorkshire; Two for each Riding.

Four Knights of the Shire for Lincolnshire; Two for the

C. 45.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Parts of Lindsey, Two for Kesteven and Holland.

Certain Corn* ties to be divided, and to return Two Knights of the Shire for each Division.

Certain Counties to return Three Knights of the Shire.

Isle of Wight, severed from Hampshire, to return a Member.

Towns which are Counties of themselves to be included in adjoining Counties for County Elections,

Lindsey in the said County, and Two for the Parts of Kesteven and Holland in the same County; and that such Four Knights shall be chosen in the same Manner, and by the same Classes and Descriptions of Voters, and in respect of the same several Rights of voting, as if the said Parts of Lindsey were a separate County, and the said Parts of Kesteven and Holland together were also a separate County; and that the Court for the Election of Knights of the Shire for the Parts of Lindsey in the said County shall be holden at the City of Lincoln, and the Court for the Election of Knights of the Shire for the Parts of Kesteven and Holland in the said County shall be holden at Sleaford,

XIV. And be it enacted, That each of the Counties enumerated in the Schedule marked (F.) to this Act annexed shall be divided into Two Divisions, which Divisions shall be settled and described by an Act to be passed for that Purpose in this present Parliament, which Act, when passed, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of this Act as fully and effectually as if the same were incorporated herewith; and that in all future Parliaments there shall be Four Knights of the Shire, instead of Two, to serve for each of the said Counties, (that is to say,) Two Knights of the Shire for each Division of the said Counties; and that such Knights shall be chosen in the same Manner, and by the same Classes and Descriptions of Voters, and in respect of the same several Rights of voting, as if each of the said Divisions were a separate County; and that the Court for the Election of Knights of the Shire for each Division of the said Counties shall be holden at the Place to be named for that Purpose in the Act so to be passed as aforesaid, for settling and describing the Divisions of the said Counties.

XV. And be it enacted, That in all future Parliaments there shall be Three Knights of the Shire, instead of Two, to serve for each of the Counties enumerated in the Schedule marked (F.2.) to this Act annexed, and Two Knights of the Shire, instead of One, to serve for each of the Counties of Carmarthen, Denbigh, and Glamorgan.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the Isle of Wight in the County of Southampton shall for the Purposes of this Act be a County of itself, separate and apart from the County of Southampton, and shall return One Knight of the Shire to serve in every future Parliament; and that such Knight shall be chosen by the same Classes and Descriptions of Voters, and in respect of the same several Rights of voting, as any Knight of the Shire shall be chosen in any County in England; and that all Elections for the said County of the Isle of M ight shall be holden at the Town of Newport in the Isle of Wight, and the Sheriff of the Isle of Wight, or his Deputy, shall be the Returning Officer at such Elections.

XVII. And be it enacted, That for the Purpose of electing a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in any future Parliament, the East Riding of the County of York, the North Riding of the County of York, the Parts of Lindsey in the County of Lincoln, and the several Counties at large enumerated in the Second Column of the Schedule marked (G.) to this Act annexed, shall respectively include the several Cities and Towns, and Counties

159

of the same, which are respectively mentioned in conjunction with such Ridings, Parts, and Counties at large, and named in the First Column of the said Schedule (G.)

XVIII. And be it enacted, That no Person shall be entitled to vote in the Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in any future Parliament, or in the Election of a Member or Members to serve in any future Parliament for any City or Town being a County of itself, in respect of any Freehold Lands or Tenements whereof such Person may be seised for his own Life, or for the Life of another, or for any Lives whatsoever, except such Person shall be in the actual and bona fide Occupation of such Lands or Tenements, or except the same shall have come to such Person by Marriage, Marriage Settlement, Devise, or Promotion to any Benefice or to any Office, or except the same shall be of the clear yearly Value of not less than Ten Pounds above all Rents and Charges payable out of or in respect of the same; any Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall prevent any Person now seised for his own Life, or for the Life of another, or for any Lives whatsoever, of any Freehold Lands or Tenements in respect of which he now has, or but for the passing of this Act might acquire, the Right of voting in such respective Elections, from retaining or acquiring, so long as he shall be so seised of the same Lands or Tenements, such Right of voting in respect thereof, if duly registered according to the respective Provisions herein-after contained.

XIX. And be it enacted, That every Male Person of full Age, and not subject to any legal Incapacity, who shall be seised at Law or in Equity of any Lands or Tenements of Copyhold or any other Tenure whatever except Freehold, for his own Life, or for the Life of another, or for any Lives whatsoever, or for any larger Estate, of the clear yearly Value of not less than Ten Pounds over and above all Rents and Charges payable out of or in respect of the same, shall be entitled to vote in the Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in any future Parliament for the County, or for the Riding, Parts, or Division of the County, in which such Lands or Tenements shall be respectively situate.

XX. And be it enacted, That every Male Person of full Age, and not subject to any legal Incapacity, who shall be entitled, either as Lessee or Assignee, to any Lands or Tenements, whether of Freehold or of any other Tenure whatever, for the unexpired Residue, whatever it may be, of any Term originally created for a Period of not less than Sixty Years, (whether determinable on a Life or Lives, or not,) of the clear yearly Value of not less than Ten Pounds over and above all Rents and Charges payable out of or in respect of the same, or for the unexpired Residue, whatever it may be, of any Term originally created for a Period of not less than Twenty Years, (whether determinable on a Life or Lives, or not,) of the clear yearly Value of not less than Fifty Pounds over and above all Rents and Charges payable out of or in respect of the same, or who shall occupy as Tenant any Lands or Tenements for which he shall be bona fide liable to a yearly Rent of not less than Fifty Pounds, shall be entitled to vote in

the

Limitation on the Right of voting for Counties and for Cities being Counties of themselves, in respect of Freeholds for Life.

Right of voting in Counties extended to Copyholders.

Right of voting in Counties extended to Leaseholders and Occupiers of Premises of certain Value above Charges.

C. 45.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832

What not to be deemed Charges.

County Voters need not be assessed to the Land Tax.

Provision as to Trustees and Mortgagees.

No Person to vote for a County in respect of any Freehold House, &c. occupied by himself, which would confer a Vote for a Borough.

No Person to vote for a County in respect of certain Copy-holds and Leaseholds in a Borough.

the Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in any future Parliament for the County, or for the Riding, Parts, or Division of the County, in which such Lands or Tenements shall be respectively situate: Provided always, that no Person, being only a Sub-Lessee, or the Assignee of any Underlease, shall have a Right to vote in such Election in respect of any such Term of Sixty Years or Twenty Years as aforesaid, unless he shall be in the actual Occupation of the Premises.

XXI. And be it declared and enacted, That no Public or Parliamentary Tax, nor any Church Rate, County Rate, or Parochial Rate, shall be deemed to be any Charge payable out of or in respect of any Lands or Tenements within the Meaning of this Act.

XXII. And be it enacted, That in order to entitle any Person to vote in any Election of a Knight of the Shire or other Member to serve in any future Parliament, in respect of any Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, whether Freehold or otherwise, it shall not be necessary that the same shall be assessed to the Land Tax; any Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That no Person shall be allowed to have any Vote in the Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire for or by reason of any Trust Estate or Mortgage, unless such Trustee or Mortgagee be in actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of the same Estate, but that the Mortgagor 6r Cestuique Trust in Possession shall and may vote for the same Estate notwithstanding such Mortgage or Trust.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That notwithstanding any thing herein-before contained no Person shall be entitled to vote in the Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in any future Parliament in respect of his Estate or Interest as a Freeholder in any House, Warehouse, Counting-house, Shop, or other Building occupied by himself, or in any Land occupied by himself together with any House, Warehouse, Counting-house, Shop, or other Building, such House, Warehouse, Counting-house, Shop, or other Building being, either separately, or jointly with the Land so occupied therewith, of such Value as would, according to the Provisions herein-after contained, confer on him the Right of voting for any City or Borough, whether he shall or shall not have actually acquired the Right to vote for such City or Borough in respect thereof.

XXV. And be it enacted, That notwithstanding any thing herein-before contained no Person shall be entitled to vote in the Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in any future Parliament in respect of his Estate or Interest as a Copy-holder or Customary Tenant, or Tenant in Ancient Demesne, holding by Copy of Court Roll, or as such Lessee or Assignee, or as such Tenant and Occupier as aforesaid, in any House, Warehouse, Counting-house, Shop, or other Building, or in any Land occupied together with a House, Warehouse, Counting-house, Shop, or other Building, such House, Warehouse, Counting-house, Shop, or other Building being, either separately, or jointly with the Land so occupied therewith, of such Value as would according to the Provisions herein-after contained confer on him or on any other Person the Right of voting for any City or

Borough,

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 45.

161

Borough, whether he or any other Person shall or shall not have actually acquired the Right to vote for such City or Borough in respect thereof.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That notwithstanding any thing Possession for a herein-before contained no Person shall be entitled to vote in the certain Time, Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in any ^Sntial future Parliament unless he shall have been duly registered to the^ghtof according to the Provisions herein-after contained; and that no Toting for a Person shall be so registered in any Year in respect of his Estate Comity.

or Interest in any Lands or Tenements, as a Freeholder, Copy-holder, Customary Tenant, or Tepant in Ancient Demesne, unless he shall have been in the actual Possession thereof, or in the Receipt of the Rents and Profits thereof for his own Use, for Six Calendar Months at least next previous to the last Day of July in such Year, which said Period of Six Calendar Months shall be sufficient, any Statute to the contrary notwithstanding; and that no Person shall be so registered in any Year, in respect of any Lands or Tenements held by him as such Lessee or Assignee, or as such Occupier and Tenant as aforesaid, unless he shall have been in the actual Possession thereof, or in the Receipt of the Rents and Profits thereof for his own Use, as the Case may require, for Twelve Calendar Months next previous to the last Day of July in such Year: Provided always, that where Exception in any Lands or Tenements, which would otherwise entitle the of Pro-Owner, Holder, or Occupier thereof to vote in any such Election, Pe, ty comin£ shall come to any Person, at any Time within such respective y escent' &c. Periods of Six or Twelve Calendar Months, by Descent, Succession, Marriage, Marriage Settlement, Devise, or Promotion to any Benefice in a Church, or by Promotion to any Office, such Person shall be entitled in respect thereof to have his Name inserted as a Voter in the Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire in the Lists then next to be made by virtue of this Act as herein-after mentioned, and, upon his being duly registered according to the Provisions herein-after contained, to vote in such Election.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That in every City or Borough Right of voting

which shall return a Member or Members to serve in any future in Boroughs to

Parliament, every Male Person of full Age, and not subject to enjoyed by any legal Incapacity, who shall occupy, within such City or Hmises^c^of Borough, or within any Place sharing in the Election for such the annual0 ° City or Borough, as Owner or Tenant, any House, Warehouse, Value of ictf. Counting-house, Shop, or other Building, being, either separately,

or jointly with any Land within such City, Borough, or Place occupied therewith by him as Owner, or occupied therewith by him as Tenant under the same Landlord, of the clear yearly Value of not less than Ten Pounds, shall, if duly registered according to the Provisions herein-after contained, be entitled to vote in the Election of a Member or Members to serve in any future Parliament for such City or Borough: Provided always, No Occupier that no such Person shall be so registered in any Year unless he to vote unless shall have occupied such Premises as aforesaid for Twelve Calen- pted the dar Months next previous to the last Day of July in such Year, °°r te* nor unless such Person, where such Premises are situate in any Parish or Township in which there shall be a Rate for the Relief 2 Gul. IV. M of

162

C. 45.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Rate and Assessed Taxes must be paid.

Residence also required.

Provision as to Premises occupied in succession.

As to joint Oacupiers.

Occupiers may demand to be rated.

of the Poor, shall have been rated in respect of such Premises to all Rates for the Relief of the Poor in such Parish or Township made during the Time of such his Occupation so required as aforesaid, nor unless such Person shall have paid, on or before the Twentieth Day of July in such Year, all the Poor's Rates and assessed Taxes which shall have become payable from him in respect of such Premises previously to the Sixth Day of April then next preceding: Provided also, that no such Person shall be so registered in any Year unless he shall have resided for Six Calendar Months next previous to the last Day of July in such Year within the City or Borough, or within the Place sharing in the Election for the City or . Borough, in respect of which City, Borough, or Place respectively he shall be entitled to vote, or within Seven Statute Miles thereof or of any Part thereof.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That the Premises in respect of the Occupation of which any Person shall be entitled to be registered in any Year, and to vote in the Election for any City or Borough as aforesaid, shall not be required to be the same Premises, but may be different Premises occupied in immediate Succession by such Person during the Twelve Calendar Months next previous to the last Day of July in such Year, such Person having paid, on or before the Twentieth Day of July in such Year, all the Poor's Rates and Assessed Taxes which shall previously to the Sixth Day of April then next preceding have become payable from him in respect of all such Premises so occupied by him in succession.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That where any Premises as aforesaid, in any such City or Borough, or in any Place sharing in the Election therewith, shall be jointly occupied by more Persons than One as Owners or Tenants, each of such joint Occupiers shall, subject to the Conditions herein-before contained as to Persons occupying Premises in any such City, Borough, or Place, be entitled to vote in the Election for such City or Borough, in respect of the Premises so jointly occupied, in case the clear yearly Value of such Premises shall be of an Amount which, when divided by the Number of such Occupiers, shall give a Sum of not less than Ten Pounds for each and every such Occupier, but not otherwise.

XXX. And be it enacted, That in every City or Borough which shall return a Member or Members to serve in any future Parliament, and in ever}' Place sharing in the Election for such City or Borough, it shall be lawful for any Person occupying any House, Warehouse, Counting-house, Shop, or other Building, either separately, or jointly with any Land occupied therewith by him as Owner, or occupied therewith by him as Tenant under the same Landlord, in any Parish or Township in which there shall be a Rate for the Relief of the Poor, to claim to be rated to the Relief of the Poor in respect of such Premises, whether the Landlord shall or shall not be liable to be rated to the Relief of the Poor in respect thereof; and upon such Occupier so claiming, and actually paying or tendering the full Amount of the Rate or Rates, if any, then due in respect of such Premises, the Overseers of the Parish or Township in which such Premises are situate are hereby required to put the Name of such Occupier

6 upon

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 45.

168

upon the Rate for the Time being; and in case such Overseers shall neglect or refuse so to do, such Occupier shall nevertheless for the Purposes of this Act be deemed to have been rated to the Relief of the Poor in respect of such Premises from the Period at which the Rate shall have been made in respect of which he shall have so claimed to be rated as aforesaid: Provided always, that where by virtue of any Act of Parliament the Landlord shall be liable to the Payment of the Rate for the Relief of the Poor in respect of any Premises occupied by his Tenant, nothing herein contained shall be deemed to vary or discharge the Liability of such Landlord; but that in case the Tenant who shall have been rated for such Premises in consequence of any such Claim as aforesaid shall make Default in the Payment of the Poor's Rate due in respect thereof, such Landlord shall be and remain liable for the Payment thereof in the same Manner as if he alone had been rated in respect of the Premises so occupied by his Tenant.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That in every City or Town being Provision as to a County of itself, in the Election for which Freeholders or Freeholders Burgage Tenants, either with or without any superadded Qualifi- voting for Cities cation, uow have a Right to vote, every such Freeholder or teinJtounties Burgage Tenant shall be entitled to vote in the Election of a of themsekesT Member or Members to serve in all future Parliaments for such

City or Town, provided he shall be duly registered according to the Provisions herein-after contained; but that no such Person shall be so registered in any Year in respect of any Freehold or Burgage Tenement, unless he shall have been in the actual Possession thereof, or in the Receipt of the Rents and Profits thereof for his own Use, for Twelve Calendar Months next previous to the last Day of July in such Year, (except where the same shall have come to him, at any Time within such Twelve Months, by Descent, Succession, Marriage, Marriage Settlement,

Devise, or Promotion to any Benefice in a Church, or to any Office,) nor unless he shall have resided for Six Calendar Months next previous to the last Day of July in such Year within such City or Town, or within Seven Statute Miles thereof or of any Part thereof: Provided always, that nothing in this Enactment contained shall be deemed to vary or abridge the Provisions herein-before made relative to the Right of voting for any City or Town being a County of itself, in respect of any Freehold for Life or Lives: Provided also, that every Freehold or Burgage To extend to Tenement which may be situate without the present Limits of Freeholds any such City or Town being a County of itself, but within the within the new Limits of such City or Town, as the same shall be settled and Boundaries, described by the Act to be passed for that Purpose as hereinbefore mentioned, shall confer the Right of voting in the Election of a Member or Members to serve in any future Parliament for such City or Town in the same Manner as if such Freehold or Burgage Tenement were situate within the present Limits thereof.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That every Person who would Freemen not have been entitled to vote in the Election of a Member or to vote in Bo-Members to serve in any future Parliament for any City or roughs» unless Borough not included in the Schedule marked (A.) to this Act ^esident' &c-

M 2 annexed,

164

C. 45.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Exclusion of Freemen created since the 1st of March 1831.

Exception.

Provision as to the Freemen of Swansea, Loughor, Neath, Aberavon, and Ken-

fig-

Reservation of other Rights of voting in Boroughs.

annexed, either as a Burgess or Freeman, or in the City of London as a Freeman and Liveryman, if this Act had not been passed, shall be entitled to vote in such Election, provided such Person shall be duly registered according to the Provisions hereinafter contained; but that no such Person shall be so registered in any Year, unless he shall, on the last Day of July in such Year, be qualified in such Manner as would entitle him then to vote if such Day were the Day of Election, and this Act had not been passed, nor unless, where he shall be a Burgess or Freeman or Freeman and Liveryman of any City or Borough, he shall have resided for Six Calendar Months next previous to the last Day of July in such Year within such City or Borough, or within Seven Statute Miles from the Place where the Poll for such City or Borough shall heretofore have been taken, nor unless, where he shall be a Burgess or Freeman of any Place sharing in the Election for any City or Borough, he shall have resided for Six Calendar Months next previous to the last Day of July in such Year within such respective Place so sharing as aforesaid, or within Seven Statute Miles of the Place mentioned in conjunction with such respective Place so sharing as aforesaid and named in the Second Column of the Schedule marked (E. 2.) to this Act annexed: Provided always, that no Person who shall have been elected, made, or admitted a Burgess or Freeman since the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, otherwise than in respect of Birth or Servitude, or who shall hereafter be elected, made, or admitted a Burgess or Freeman, otherwise than in respect of Birth or Servitude, shall be entitled to vote as such in any such Election for any City or Borough as aforesaid, or to be so registered as aforesaid: Provided also, that no Person shall be so entitled as a Burgess or Freeman in respect of Birth unless his Right be originally derived from or through some Person who was a Burgess or Freeman, or entitled to be admitted a Burgess or Freeman, previously to the First Day of March in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, or from or through some Person who since that Time shall have become or shall hereafter become a Burgess or Freeman in respect of Servitude: Provided also, that every Person who would have been entitled, if this Act had not been passed, to vote as a Burgess or Freeman of Swansea, Loughor, Neath, Aberavon, or Ken-Jig, in the Election of a Member to serve in any future Parliament for the Borough of Cardiff, \ shall cease to vote in such Election, and shall instead thereof be entitled to vote as such Burgess or Freeman in the Election of a Member to serve in all future Parliaments for the Borough composed of the Towns of Swansea, Loughor, Neath, Aberavon, and Ken Jig, subject always to the Provisions herein-before contained with regard to a Burgess or Freeman of any Place sharing in the Election for any City or Borough.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That no Person shall be entitled to vote in the Election of a Member or Members to serve in any future Parliament for any City or Borough, save and except in respect of some Right conferred by this Act, or as a Burgess or Freeman, or as a Freeman and Liveryman, or, in the Case of a City or Town being a County of itself as a Freeholder or

Burgage

2° GULIELMI IV. C. 45.

16*>

Burgage Tenant, as herein-before mentioned: Provided always, that every Person now having a Right to vote in the Election for any City or Borough (except those enumerated in the said Schedule (A.) in virtue of any other Qualification than as a Burgess or Freeman, or as a Freeman and Liveryman, or, in the Case of a City or Town being a County of itself, as a Freeholder or Burgage Tenant, as herein-before mentioned, shall retain such Right of voting so long as he shall be qualified as an Elector according to the Usages and Customs of such City or Borough or any Law now in force, and such Person shall be entitled to vote in the Election of a Member or Members to serve in any future Parliament for such City or Borough, if duly registered according to the Provisions herein-after contained; but that no such Person shall be so registered in any Year unless he shall, on the last Day of July in such Year, be qualified as such Elector in such Manner as would entitle him then to vote if such Day were the Day of Election and this Act had not been passed, nor Residence, &c. unless such Person, where his Qualification shall be in any City required, or Borough, shall have resided for Six Calendar Months next previous to the last Day of July in such Year within such City or Borough, or within Seven Statute Miles from the Place where the Poll for such City or Borough shall heretofore have been taken, nor unless such Person, where his Qualification shall be within any Place sharing in the Election for any City or Borough, shall have resided for Six Calendar Months next previous to the last Day of July in such Year within such respective Place so sharing as aforesaid, or within Seven Statute Miles of the Place mentioned in conjunction with such respective Place so sharing as aforesaid, and named in the Second Column of the Schedule marked (E. 2.) to this Act annexed: Provided nevertheless, that every such Person shall for ever cease to enjoy such Right of voting for any such City or Borough as aforesaid if his Name shall have been omitted for Two successive Years from the Register of such Voters for such City or Borough herein-after directed to be made, unless he shall have been so omitted in consequence of his having received Parochial Relief within Twelve Calendar Months next previous to the last Day of July in any Year, or in consequence of his Absence on the Naval or Military Service of His Majesty.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That every Person now having a Provision as to Right to vote for the Borough of New Shoreham, or of Cricklade, Persons now Aylesbury, or East Retford respectively, in respect of any Free- fo^shore hold, wheresoever the same may be situate, shall retain such ham Cricklade Right of voting, subject always to the same Provisions as are Aylesbury, or ' herein-before mentioned with regard to Persons whose Right of East Retford voting for any Borough is saved and reserved by this Act, save in respect of and except that such Persons now having a Right to vote for the Freeholds- Borough of New Shoreham, or of Cricklade, Aylesbury, or East Retford respectively, shall not be registered in any Year unless they shall have resided for Six Calendar Months next previous to the last Day of July in such Year within the Borough of New Shoreham, or of Cricklade, Aylesbury, or East Retford respectively, as defined by this Act, or within Seven Statute Miles of such respective Borough or of any Part thereof; and that for the Pur-

M 3 pose

166

C. 45.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Exclusion of certain Rights of voting in Boroughs acquired since the 1st of March 1831.

As to Receipt of Parochial Relief.

Overseers to give Notice annually, requiring County Voters to send in their Claims.

pose of the Registration herein-after required all Persons now having a Right to vote for the Borough of New Shoreham in respect of any Freeholds which may be situate in the Borough of Horsham, or for the Borough of Cricklade in respect of any Freeholds which may be situate in the Borough of Malmsbury, as such Boroughs of Horsham or Malmsbury may respectively be defined by the Act to be passed for that Purpose as hereinbefore mentioned, shall be inserted in the List of Voters hereinafter directed to be made by the Overseers of that Parish or Township within the Borough of New Shoreham or the Borough of Cricklade respectively, as defined by this Act, which shall be next adjoining to the Parish or Township in which such Freeholds shall respectively be situate; and if the Parish or Township in which any such Freeholds shall be situate shall adjoin Two or more Parishes or Townships within either of the said Boroughs of New Shoreham or Cricklade, the Persons so having a Right to vote in respect of such Freeholds shall be inserted in the List of Voters to be made by the Overseers of the least populous of such adjoining Parishes or Townships, according to the last Census for the Time being.

XXXV. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That notwithstanding any thing herein-before contained no Person shall be entitled to vote in the Election of a Member or Members to serve in any future Parliament for any City or Borough (other than a City or Town being a County of itself, in the Election for which Freeholders or Burgage Tenants have a Right to vote as herein-before mentioned,) in respect of any Estate or Interest in any Burgage Tenement or Freehold which shall have been acquired by such Person since the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, unless the same shall have come to or been acquired by such Person, since that Day, and previously to the passing of this Act, by Descent, Succession, Marriage, Marriage Settlement, Devise, or Promotion to any Benefice in a Church, or by Promotion to any Office.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That no Person shall be entitled to be registered in any Year as a Voter in the Election of a Member or Members to serve in any future Parliament for any City or Borough who shall within Twelve Calendar Months next previous to the last Day of July in such Year have received Parochial Relief or other Alms which by the Law of Parliament now disqualify from voting in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament.

XXXVII. And whereas it is expedient to form a Register of

all Persons entitled to vote in the Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in any future Parliament, and

that for the Purpose of forming such Register the Overseers

of every Parish and Township should annually make out Lists

in the Manner herein-after mentioned be it therefore enacted, That the Overseers of the Poor of every Parish and Township shall on the Twentieth Day of June in the present and in every succeeding Year cause to be fixed on or near the Doors of all the Churches and Chapels within such Parish or Township, or if there be no Church or Chapel therein, then to be fixed in some public "and conspicuous Situation within the same respectively, a Notice

according

C. 45.

167

according to the Form numbered 1. in the Schedule (H.) to this Act annexed, requiring all Persons who may be entitled to vote in the Election of a Knight or Knighte of the Shire to serve in any future Parliament, in respect of any Property situate wholly or in part in such Parish or Township, to deliver or transmit to the said Overseers on or before the Twentieth Day of July in the present and in every succeeding Year a Notice of their Claim as such Voters according to the Form numbered 2. in the said Schedule (H.) , or to the like Effect: Provided always, that after the Formation of the Register to be made in each Year, as hereinafter mentioned, no Person whose Name shall be upon such Register for the Time being shall be required thereafter to make any such Claim as aforesaid, so long as he shall retain the same Qualification, and continue in the same Place of Abode described in such Register.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That the Overseer of the Poor of every Parish and Township shall on or before the last Day of July in the present Year make out or cause to be made out, according to the Form numbered 3. in the said Schedule (H.) , an alphabetical List of all Persons who shall claim as aforesaid to be inserted in such List as Voters in the Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve for the County, or for the Riding, Parts, or Division of the County wherein such Parish or Township lies, in respect of any Lands or Tenements situate wholly or in part within such Parish or Township; and that the said Overseers shall on or before the last Day of July in every succeeding Year make out or cause to be made out a like List, containing the Names of all Persons who shall be upon the Register for the Time being as such Voters, and also the Names of all Persons who shall claim as aforesaid to be inserted in such last-mentioned List as such Voters; and in every List so to be made by the Overseers as aforesaid the Christian Name and Surname of every Person shall be written at full Length, together with the Place of his Abode, the Nature of his Qualification, and the local or other Description of such Lands or Tenements, as the same are respectively set forth in his Claim to vote, and the Name of the occupying Tenant, if stated in such Claim; and the said Overseers, if they shall have reasonable Cause to believe that any Person so claiming as aforesaid, or whose Name shall appear in the Register for the Time being, is not entitled to vote in the Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire for the County, or for the Riding, Parts, or Division of the County in which their Parish or Township is situate, shall have Power to add the Words " objected to" opposite the Name of every such Person on the Margin of such List; and the said Overseers shall sign such List, and shall cause a sufficient Number of Copies of such List to be written or printed, and to be fixed on or near the Doors of all the Churches and Chapels within their Parish or Township, or if there be no Church or Chapel therein, then to be fixed up in some public and conspicuous Situation within the same respectively, on the Two Sundays next after such List shall have been made; and the said Overseers shall likewise keep a true Copy of such List, to be perused by any Person,

M 4? without

Persons once on the Register not required to make any subsequent Claim.

Overseers to prepare Lists of County Voters, and to publish them every Year.

Overseers to have Power of objecting to any Name inserted in the Lists;

to keep Copies of Lists for Inspection.

C. 45.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Provision as to Places having no Overseers.

Notice of Objection by Third Parties to Persons not entitled to be retained in the County Lists.

Lists of Persons objected to by Third Parties to be published, &c.

without Payment of any Fee, at all reasonable Hours during the Two first Weeks after such List shall have been made: Provided always, that every Precinct or Place, whether extra-parochial or otherwise, which shall have no Overseers of the Poor, shall for the Purpose of making out such List as aforesaid be deemed to be within the Parish or Township adjoining thereto, such Parish or Township being situate within the same County, or the same Riding, Parts, or Division of a County, as such Precinct or Place; and if such Precinct or Place shall adjoin Two or more Parishes or Townships so situate as aforesaid, it shall be deemed to be within the least populous of such Parishes or Townships according to the last Census for the Time being; and the Overseers of the Poor of every such Parish or Township shall insert in the List for their respective Parish or Township the Names of all Persons who shall claim as aforesaid to be inserted therein as Voters in the Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve for the County, or for the Riding, Parts, or Division of the County, in which such Precinct or Place as aforesaid lies, in respect of any Lands or Tenements situate wholly or in part within such Precinct or Place.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall be upon the Register for the Time being of Voters for any County, or for any Riding, Parts, or Division of a County, or who shall have claimed to be inserted in any List for the then current Year of Voters for any County, or any Riding, Parts, or Division of a County, may object to any Person as not having been entitled on the last Day of July then next preceding to have his Name inserted in any List of Voters for such County, Riding, Parts, or Division so to be made out as aforesaid; and every Person so objecting (save and except Overseers objecting in the Manner herein-before mentioned) shall, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of August in the present and in every succeeding Year, give or cause to be given a Notice in Writing according to the Form numbered 4. in the said Schedule (H.) , or to the like Effect, to the Overseers who shall have made out the List in which the Name of the Person so objected to shall have been inserted; and the Person so objecting shall also, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of August in the present and in every succeeding Year, give to the Person objected to, or leave at his Place of Abode as described in such List, or personally deliver to his Tenant in Occupation of the Premises described in such List, a Notice in Writing according to the Form numbered 5. in the said Schedule (H.) , or to the like Effect; and the Overseers shall include the Names of all Persons so objected to in a List according to the Form numbered 6. in the said Schedule (H.) , and shall cause Copies of such List to be fixed on or near the Doors of all the Churches and Chapels within their Parish or Township, or if there be no Church or Chapel therein, then to be fixed in some public and conspicuous Situation within the same respectively, on the Two Sundays next preceding the Fifteenth Day of Sep-Umber in the present and in every succeeding Year; and the Overseers shall likewise keep a Copy of the Names of all the Persons so objected to, to be perused by any Person, without

Payment

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 45.

]69

Payment of any Fee, at all reasonable Hours during the Ten Days next preceding the said Fifteenth Day of September in the present and in every succeeding Year.

XL. And be it enacted, That on the Twenty-ninth Day of Lists of County August in the present and in every succeeding Year the Over- Voters to be seers of every Parish and Township shall deliver the List of Voters so made out as aforesaid, together with a written Statement of °

the Number of Persons objected to by the Overseers and by other Persons, to the High Constable or High Constables of the Hundred or other like District in which such Parish or Township is situate; and such High Constable or High Constables shall forthwith deliver all such Lists, together with such Statements as aforesaid, to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Parts, who shall forthwith make out an Abstract of the Number of Persons objected to by the Overseers and by other Persons in each Parish and Township, and transmit the same to the Barrister or Barristers appointed as herein-after mentioned to revise such Lists, in order that the said Barrister or Barristers may fix proper Times and Places for holding his or their Courts for the Revision of the said Lists.

XLI. And be it enacted, That the Lord Chief Justice of the Judges of Assize Court of King's Bench for the Time being shall, in the Month of to nam Brr*s" July or August in the present and in every succeeding Year, JSSTtte Lists nominate and appoint for Middlesex, and the Senior Judge for the Qf County Time being in the Commission of Assize for every other County Voters, shall, when travelling the Summer Circuit, in the present and in every succeeding Year, nominate and appoint for every such County, or for each of the Ridings, Parts, or Divisions of such County, a Barrister or Barristers to revise the Lists of Voters in the Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire; and such Barrister or Barristers so appointed as aforesaid shall give public Notice, as well by Advertisement in some of the Newspapers circulating within the County, Riding, Parts, or Division, as also by a Notice to be fixed in some public and conspicuous Situation at the principal Place of Election for the County, Riding,

Parts, or Division, (such last-mentioned Notice to be given Three Days at the least before the Commencement of his or their Circuit,) that he or they will make a Circuit of the County, Riding,

Parts, or Division for which he. or they shall be so appointed, and of the several Times and Places at which he or they will hold Courts for that Purpose, such Times being between the Fifteenth Period for Day of September inclusive and the Twenty-fifth Day of October Revision, inclusive in the present and in every succeeding Year, and he or they shall hold open Courts for that Purpose at the Times and Places so to be announced; and where Two or more Barristers shall be appointed for the same County, Riding, Parts, or Division, they shall attend at the same Places together, but shall sit apart from each other, and hold separate Courts at the same Time for the Dispatch of Business: Provided always, that no Member of Parliament, nor any Person holding any Office or Place of Profit under the Crown, shall be appointed such Barrister, and that no Barrister so appointed as aforesaid shall be eligible to serve in Parliament for Eighteen Months from the

Time

2° GULIELMI IV. C.erk of the Peace and Overseers to attend before the Barristers, who shall retain on the County Lists all Names not objected to, and shall expunge those whose Qualification, if objected to, shall not be proved.

Power to rectify Mistakes and supply Omissions in the Lists.

[Proviso.]

C. 45.

A.D. 1832.

Time of such his Appointment for the County, Riding, Parts, or Division for which he shall be so appointed.

XLII. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace shall at the opening of the first Court to be held by every such Barrister for any County, or for any Riding, Parts, or Division of a County, produce or cause to be produced before him the several Lists of Voters for such County, Riding, Parts, or Division which shall have been delivered to such Clerk of the Peace by the High Constables as aforesaid; and the Overseers of every Parish and Township who shall have made out the Lists of Voters shall attend the Court to be held by every such Barrister at the Place appointed for revising the Lists relating to such Parish or Township respectively, and shall also deliver to such Barrister a Copy of the List of the Persons objected to, so made out by them as aforesaid; and the said Overseers shall answer upon Oath all such Questions as such Barrister may put to them or any of them touching any Matter necessary for revising the Lists of Voters; and every such Barrister shall retain on the Lists of Voters the Names of all Persons to whom no Objection shall have been' made by the Overseers, or by any other Person, in the Manner herein-before mentioned; and he shall also retain on the List of Voters the Name of every Person who shall have been objected to by any Person other than the Overseers, unless the Party so objecting shall appear by himself or by some one on his Behalf in support of such Objection; and where the Name of any Person inserted in the List of Voters shall have been objected to by the Overseers, or by any other Person, in the Manner herein-before mentioned, and such Person so objecting shall appear by himself or by some one on his Behalf in support of such Objection, every such Barrister shall require it to be proved that the Person so objected to was entitled on the last Day of July then next preceding to have his Name inserted in the List of Voters in respect of the Qualification described in such List; and in case the same shall not be proved to the Satisfaction of such Barrister, or in case it shall be proved that such Person was then incapacitated by any Law or Statute from voting in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, such Barrister shall expunge the Name of every such Person from the said Lists; and he shall also expunge from the said Lists the Name of every Person who shall be proved to him to be dead; and shall correct any Mistake which shall be proved to him to have been made in any of the said Lists as to any of the Particulars by this Act required to be inserted in such Lists; and where the Christian Name of any Person, or his Place of Abode, or the Nature of his Qualification, or the local or other Description of his Property, or the Name of the Tenant in the Occupation thereof, as the same respectively are required to be inserted in any such List, shall be wholly omitted therefrom, such Barrister shall expunge the Name of every such Person from such List, unless the Matter or Matters so omitted be supplied to the Satisfaction of such Barrister before he shall have completed the Revision of such List, in which Case he shall then and there insert the same in such List: Provided always, that no Person's Name shall be expunged from any such List, except in case of

A.D. 1832.

2° GULIELMI IV. C. 45.

171

his Death or of his being objected to on the Margin of the List by the Overseers as aforesaid, or except in case of any such Omission or Omissions as herein-before last mentioned, unless such Notice as is herein-before required in that Behalf shall have been given to the Overseers, nor unless such Notice as is hereinbefore required in that Behalf shall have been given to such Person, or left at his Place of Abode, or delivered to his Tenant as herein-before mentioned.

XLIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if it shall happen that any Person who shall have given to the Overseers of any Parish or Township due Notice of his Claim to have his Name inserted in the List of Voters in the Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire shall have been omitted by such Overseers from such List, it shall be lawful for the Barrister, upon the Revision of such List, to insert therein the Name of the Person so omitted, in case it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Barrister that such Person gave due Notice of such his Claim to the said Overseers, and that he was entitled on the last Day of July then next preceding to be inserted in the List of Voters in the Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire for the County, or for the Riding, Parts, or Division of the County, wherein the Parish or Township of such Overseers may be situate, in respect of any Lands or Tenements within such Parish or Township.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That the Overseers of the Poor of every Parish and Township either wholly or in part situate within any City or Borough, or Place sharing in the Election for any City or Borough, which shall return a Member or Members to serve in any future Parliament, shall, on or before the last Day of July in the present and in each succeeding Year, make out or cause to be made out, according to the Form numbered 1. in the Schedule marked (I.) to this Act annexed, an alphabetical List of all Persons who may be entitled by virtue of this Act to vote in the Election of a# Member or Members to serve in any future Parliament for such City or Borough in respect of the Occupation of Premises of the clear yearly Value of not less than Ten Pounds as herein-before mentioned, situate wholly or in part within such Parish or Township, and another alphabetical List, according to the Form numbered 2. in the said Schedule (I.) , of all other Persons (except Freemen) who may be entitled to vote in the Election for such City or Borough by virtue of any other Right whatsoever; and in each of the said Lists the Christian Name and Surname of every Person shall be written at full Length, together with the Nature of his Qualification; and where any Person shall be entitled to vote in respect of any Property, then the Name of the Street, Lane, or other Description of the Place where such Property may be situate shall be specified in the List; and where any Person shall be entitled to vote otherwise than in respect of any Property, then the Name of the Street, Lane, or other Description of the Place of such Person's Abode shall be specified in the List; and the Overseers shall sign each of such Lists, and shall cause a sufficient Number of Copies of such Lists to be printed, and to be fixed on or near the Doors of all the Churches and Chapels in their several Parishes and Townships, or if there be no Church or Chapel therein, then

to

Barrister to have Power to insert in the County Lists the Names of Claimants omitted by the Overseers on Proof of Claim and Qualification.

Overseers to prepare Lists of Persons (other than Freemen) entitled to vote in Boroughs, and to publish them.

C. 45.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Copies of Lists to be kept for Inspection.

Provision for Places within Boroughs having no Overseers.

Town Clerks to prepare and publish the Lists of Freemen.

to be fixed up iu some public and conspicuous Situation within the same respectively, on the Two Sundays next after such Lists shall have been made; and the said Overseers shall likewise keep true Copies of such Lists, to be perused by any Person, without Payment of any Fee, at all reasonable Hours during the Two first Weeks after such Lists shall have been made.

XLV. And be it enacted, That every Precinct or Place, whether extra-parochial or otherwise, having no Overseers of the Poor, which now is or hereafter may be within any City or Borough, or within any Place sharing in the Election for any City or Borough, shall, for the Purpose of making out the List of Voters for such City or Borough, be deemed to be within the Parish or Township adjoining thereto, and situate wholly or in part within such City or Borough, or within such Place sharing in the Election therewith; and if such Precinct or Place shall adjoin Two or more Parishes or Townships so situate as aforesaid, it shall be deemed to be within the least populous of such Parishes or Townships according to the last Census for the Time being; and the Overseers of every such Parish or Township shall insert in the List for their respective Parish or Township the Names of all Persons who may be entitled to vote in the Election of a Member or Members to serve in any future Parliament for any such City or Borough in respect of any Property occupied by such Persons within such City or Borough, or within any Place sharing in the Election therewith, such Property being situate wholly or in part within such Ppecinct or Place as aforesaid.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That the Town Clerk of every City or Borough shall, on or before the last Day of July in the present and in each succeeding Year, make out or cause to be made out, according to the Form numbered 3. in the said Schedule (I.) , an alphabetical List of all the Freemen of such City or Borough who may be entitled to vote in the Election of a Member or Members to serve in any future Parliament for such City or Borough, together with the respective Places of their Abode; and the Town Clerk of every Place sharing in the Election for any City or Borough shall, at the respective Times aforesaid, make out or cause to be made out a like List of all the Freemen of such Place who may be entitled to vote in the Election of a Member or Members to serve in any future Parliament for such City or Borough; and every such Town Clerk shall cause a Copy of every such List to be fixed on or near the Door of the Town Hall, or in some public and conspicuous Situation within such respective City, Borough, or Place as aforesaid, on the Two Sundays next after such List shall have been made, and shall likewise keep a true Copy of such List, to be perused by any Person, without Payment of any Fee, at all reasonable Hours during the Two first Weeks after such List shall have been made: Provided always, that where there shall be no Town Clerk for such City, Borough, or Place as aforesaid, or where the Town Clerk shall be dead or incapable of acting, all Matters by this Act required to be done by and with regard to the Town Clerk shall be done by and with regard to the Person executing Duties similar to those of the Town Clerk, and if there be no such Person,

2° GULIELMI IV.

173

A.D. 1832.

C. 45.

son, then by and with regard to the chief Civil Officer of such City, Borough, or Place.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That every Person whose Name shall have been omitted in any such List of Voters for any City or Borough so to be made out as herein-before mentioned, and who shall claim to have his Name inserted therein as having been entitled on the last Day of July then next preceding, shall, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of August in the present and in every succeeding Year, give or cause to be given a Notice in Writing, according to the Form numbered 4. in the said Schedule (I.) , or to the like Effect, to the Overseers of that Parish or Township in the List whereof he shall claim to have his Name inserted, or if he shall claim as a Freeman of any City or Borough, or Place sharing in the Election therewith, then to the Town Clerk of such City, Borough, or Place; and every Person whose Name shall have been inserted in any List of Voters for any City or Borough may object to any other Person as not having been entitled on the last Day of July then next preceding to have his Name inserted in any List of Voters for the same City or Borough, and every Person so objecting shall, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of August in the present and in every succeeding Year, give or cause to be given a Notice in Writing, according to the Form numbered 5. in the said Schedule (I.) , or to the like Effect, to the Overseers who shall have made out the List in which the Name of the Person so objected to shall have been inserted, or if the Person objected to shall have been inserted in the List of Freemen of any City, Borough, or Place as aforesaid, then to the Town Clerk of such City, Borough, or Place; and the Overseers shall include the Names of all Persons so claiming as aforesaid in a List according to the Form numbered 6. in the said Schedule (I.) , and the Names of all Persons so objected to as aforesaid in a List according to the Form numbered 7. in the said Schedule (I.) , and shall cause Copies of such Two Lists to be fixed on or near the Doors of all the Churches and Chapels within their Parish or Township, or if there be no Church or Chapel therein, then to be fixed in some public and conspicuous Situation within the same respectively, on the Two Sundays next preceding the Fifteenth Day of September in the present and in every succeeding Year; and every Town Clerk shall include the Names of all Persons so claiming as Freemen in a List according to the Form numbered 8. in the said Schedule (I.) , and the Names of all Persons so objected to as Freemen in a List according to the Form numbered 9. in the said Schedule (I.) , and shall cause Copies of such Two Lists to be fixed on or near the Door of the Town Hall, or in some public and conspicuous Situation, within his respective City, Borough, or Place as aforesaid, on the Two Sundays herein-before last mentioned in the present and in every succeeding Year; and the Overseers and Town Clerks shall likewise keep a Copy of the Names of all the Persons so claiming as aforesaid, and also a Copy of the Names of all Persons so objected to as aforesaid, to be perused by any Person, without Payment of any Fee, at all reasonable Hours during the Ten Days next preceding the said Fifteenth Day of September in the present and

Persons omitted in the Borough Lists to give Notice of their Claims.

Notices as to Persons not entitled to be retained in the Lists.

Lists of Claimants, and of Persons objected to, to be published, &c.

C. 45.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 18S2.

List of Liverymen of London to be transmitted to the Returning Officer.

Notices to be given of Omissions and Objections in List of Liverymen.

In every succeeding Year, and shall deliver a Copy of each of such Lists to any Person requiring the same, on Payment of One Shilling for each Copy.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That for providing a List of such of the Freemen of the City of London as are Liverymen of the several Companies entitled to vote in the Election of a Member or Members to serve in any future Parliament for the City of London, the Returning Officer or Officers of the said City shall, on or before the last Day of July in the present and in each succeeding Year, issue Precepts to the Clerks of the said Livery Companies, requiring them forthwith to make out or cause to be made out, at the Expence of the respective Companies, an alphabetical List, according to the Form in the Schedule (K.) to this Act annexed, of the Freemen of London being Liverymen of the said respective Companies and entitled to vote in such Election; and every such Clerk shall sign such List, and transmit the same, with Two printed Copies thereof, to such Returning Officer or Officers, who shall forthwith fix One such Copy in the Guildhall and One in the Royal Exchange of the said City, there to remain Fourteen Days in the present and in every subsequent Year; and the Clerks of the said Livery Companies shall cause a sufficient Number of such Lists of Freemen and Liverymen of their respective Companies to be printed at the Expence of the respective Companies, and shall keep the same, to be perused by any Person, without Payment of any Fee, at all reasonable Hours during the Two first Weeks after such Lists shall have been printed; and every Person whose Name shall have been omitted in any such List of Freemen and Liverymen, and who shall claim to have his Name inserted therein as having been entitled on the last Day of July then next preceding, shall, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of August in the present and in every succeeding Year, give or cause to be given a Notice in Writing according to the Form numbered 1. in the said Schedule (K.) , or to the like Effect, to the Returning Officer or Officers, and to the Clerk of that Company in the List whereof he shall claim to have his Name inserted; and the Returning Officer or Officers shall include the Names of all Persons so claiming as aforesaid in a List according to the Form numbered 2. in the said Schedule (K.) , and shall cause such last-mentioned List to be fixed in the Guildhall and Royal Exchange of the said City on the Two Mondays next preceding the Fifteenth Day of September in the present and in every succeeding Year; and the said Returning Officer or Officers, and Clerks of the said Companies, shall likewise keep a Copy of the Names of all the Persons so claiming as aforesaid, to be perused by any Person, without Payment of any Fee, at all reasonable Hours during the Ten Days next preceding the said Fifteenth Day of September in the present and in every succeeding Year; and every Person who shall object to any other Person as not having been entitled on the last Day of July then next preceding to have his Name inserted in any such Livery List shall, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of August in the present and in every succeeding Year, give to such other Person, or leave at his usual Place of Abode, a Notice in Writing according to

A.D. 1832.

2° GULIELMI IV. C. 45.

175

to the Form numbered 3. in the said Schedule (K.) , or to the like

Effect; and in the City of London the Returning Officer or Offi- Poll of Livery-

cers shall take the Poll or Votes of such Freemen of the said men 10 he taken

City being Liverymen of the several Companies as are entitled at GuHdhall '

to vote at such Election in the Guildhall of the said City; and the said Returning Officer or Officers shall not be required to

provide any Booth or Compartments, but shall appoint or take

One Poll for the whole Number of such Liverymen at the same

Place.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That the Lord Chief Justice of the Judges of Assize Court of King's Bench for the Time being shall, in the Month of name Barris-July or August in the present and in every succeeding Year, Lists

nominate and appoint so many Barristers as the said Lord Chief of VBorough! S Justice shall deem necessary, to revise the respective Lists of Voters.

Voters for the City of London, and for the City of Westminster, and for the several Boroughs in the County of Middlesex; and that the Senior Judge for the Time being in the Commission of Assize for every other County shall, when travelling the Summer Circuit, in the present and in every succeeding Year, nominate and appoint so many Barristers as the said Judge shall deem necessary, to revise the respective Lists of Voters, as well for the several Cities and Boroughs in every such County, as for every City and Town, and County of a City and Town, next adjoining to any such County; and the Town and County of the Town of Kingsto7wpon-Hull shall for this Purpose be considered as next adjoining to the County of York, and the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne as next adjoining to the County of Northumberland, and the City and County of the City of Bristol as next adjoining to the County of Somerset; and the said Lord Chief Justice and Judge respectively shall have Power to nominate and appoint One or more Barristers to revise the Lists for the same City or Borough or other Place as aforesaid, or One Barrister only, to revise the Lists for several Cities,

Boroughs, and other Places as aforesaid: Provided always, that Proviso, no Member of Parliament, nor any Person holding any Office or Place of Profit under the Crown, shall be appointed as such Barrister as aforesaid, and that no Barrister so appointed as aforesaid shall be eligible to serve in Parliament for Eighteen Months from the Time of his Appointment for any City, Borough, or other Place as aforesaid for which he shall be so appointed:

Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall prevent the same Barrister from being appointed to revise the Lists for Two or more Counties, Ridings, Parts, or Divisions, or for any County,

Riding, Parts, or Division, and any One or more of the Cities or '

Boroughs therein.

L. And be it enacted, That the Barrister or Barristers so Barrister to appointed to revise the Lists of Voters for any City or Borough revise Lists shall hold an open Court or Courts for that Purpose within such City or Borough, and also within every Place sharing in the upoTdinTproof Election for such City or Borough, at some Time between the to insert and Fifteenth Day of September inclusive and the Twenty-fifth Day expungeNames. of October inclusive in the present and in every succeeding Year, having first given Three clear Days Notice of the holding of such Court or Courts, to be fixed on the Doors of all the Churches

and

176

C. 45.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Power to rectify Mistakes and supply Omissions in the Lists.

and Chapels within such City, Borough, or Place respectively, or if there be no Church or Chapel therein, then to be fixed in some public and conspicuous Situation within the same respectively; and the Overseers and Town Clerks who shall have made out the Lists of Voters as aforesaid, and in the Case of the City of London the Returning Officer or Officers of the said City, shall, at the opening of the first Court to be held by every such Barrister for revising such Lists, produce their respective Lists before him; and the said Overseers and Town Clerks shall also deliver to such Barrister a Copy of the List of the Persons objected to, so made out by them as aforesaid; and the Clerks of the several Livery Companies of the City of London, and the Town Clerk of every other City or Borough, or Place sharing in the Election therewith, and the several Overseers within every City, Borough, or Place as aforesaid, shall attend the Court to be held by every such Barrister for any such City, Borough, or Place as aforesaid, and shall answer upon Oath all such Questions as such Barrister may put to them or any of them touching any Matter necessary for revising the Lists of Voters; and every such Barrister shall insert in such Lists the Name of every Person who shall be proved to his Satisfaction to have been entitled on the last Day of July then next preceding to have his Name inserted in any such List of Voters for such City or Borough; and such Barrister shall retain on the Lists of Voters for such City or Borough the Names of all Persons to whom no Objection shall have been made in the Manner herein-before mentioned, and he shall also retain on the said Lists the Name of every Person who shall have been objected to by any Person, unless the Party so objecting shall appear by himself, or by some one on his Behalf, in support of such Objection; and where the Name of any Person inserted in the List of Voters for such City or Borough shall have been objected to in the Manner herein-before mentioned, and the Person so objecting shall appear by himself, or by some one on his Behalf, in support of such Objection, every such Barrister shall require it to be proved that the Person so objected to was entitled on the last Day of July then next preceding to have his Name inserted in the List of Voters for such City or Borough in respect of the Qualification described in such List, and in case the same shall not be proved to the Satisfaction of such Barrister, or in case it shall be proved that such Person was then incapacitated by any Law or Statute from voting in the Election of-Members to serve in Parliament, such Barrister shall expunge the Name of every such Person from the said Lists, and he shall also expunge from the said Lists the Name of every Person who shall be proved to him to be dead, and shall correct any Mistake which shall be proved to him to have been made in any of the said Lists as to any of the Particulars by this Act required to be inserted in such Lists; and where the Christian Name, or the Place of Abode, or the Nature of the Qualification, or the local Description of the Property of any Person who shall be included in any such List shall be wholly omitted in such List in any Case where the same is by this Act directed to be specified therein, such Barrister shall expunge the Name of every such Person from such List, unless the Matter or Matters so omitted be

A.D. 18S2.

2» GULIELMI IV *

C. 45 *

171

supplied to the Satisfaction of such Barrister before he shall have completed the Revision of such List, in which Case he shall then and there insert the same in such List: Provided always, that no Person's Name shall be inserted by such Barrister in any such List for any City or Borough, or shall be expunged therefrom, except in the Case of Death, or of such Omission or Omissions as herein-before last mentioned, unless such Notice shall have been given as is herein-before required in each of the said Cases.

LI. And be it enacted, That the Overseers of every Parish or Township shall, for their Assistance in making out the Lists in pursuance of this Act, (upon Request made by them or any of them, at any reasonable Time between the first Day of June and the last Day of July in the present and in any succeeding Year, to any Assessor or Collector of Taxes, or to any other Officer having the Custody of any Duplicate or Tax Assessment for such Parish or Township,) have free Liberty to inspect any such Duplicate or Tax Assessment, and to extract from thence such Particulars as may appear to such Overseer or Overseers to be necessary; and every Barrister appointed under this Act shall have Power to require any Assessor, Collector of Taxes, or other Officer having the Custody of any Duplicate or Tax Assessment, or any Overseer or Overseers having the Custody of any Poor Rate, tof produce the same respectively before him at any Court to be held by him, for the Purpose of assisting him in revising the Lists to be by him revised in pursuance of this Act.

LII. And be it enacted, That every Barrister holding any Court under this Act as aforesaid shall have Power to adjourn the same from Time to Time, and from any one Place to any other Place or Places within the same County, Riding, Parts, or Division, or within the same City or Borough, or within any Place sharing in the Election for such City or Borough, but so as that no such adjourned Court shall be held after the Twenty-fifth Day of October in any Year; and every such Barrister shall have Power to administer an Oath (or, in the Case of a Quaker or Moravian, an Affirmation,) to all Persons making Objection to the Insertion or Omission of any Name in any of such Lists as aforesaid, and to all Persons objected to or claiming to be inserted in any of such Lists, or claiming to have any Mistake corrected or any Omission supplied in any of such Lists, and to all Witnesses who may be tendered on either Side; and that if any Person taking any Oath or making any Affirmation under this Act shall wilfully swear or affirm falsely, such Person shall be deemed guilty of Perjury, and shall be punished accordingly; and that at the holding of such respective Courts the Parties shall not be attended by Counsel; and that every such Barrister shall, upon the hearing in open Court, finally determine upon the Validity of such Claims and Objections, and shall for that Purpose have the same Powers and proceed in the same Manner (except where otherwise directed by this Act) as the Returning Officer of any County, City, or Borough according to the Laws and Usages now observed at Elections; and such Barrister shall in open Court write his Initials against the Names respectively struck out or inserted, and against any Part of the said Lists in 2 Gul.1V. N which

Power of inspecting Tax Assessments and Rate Books.

Barrister, on revising the Lists, to have Power of adjourning, of administering Oaths, &c .;

and to settle and sign the Lists in open Court.

178

C. 45.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Judges to appoint additional Barristers in case of Need.

County Lists to be transmitted to Clerk of the Peace; Borough Lists to be kept by Returning Officer, and handed to his Successor.

Lists to be copied into Books, with the Names numbered.

Such Books to be the Register of Electors.

which any Mistake shall have been corrected or any Omission supplied, and shall sign his Name to every Page of the several Lists so settled.

LIII. And be it enacted, That notwithstanding any thing hereinbefore contained, if it shall be made to appear to the Lord Chief Justice or Judge who shall have appointed any Barrister or Bar^ risters under this Act, to revise the List of Voters, that by reason of the Death, Illness, or Absence of any such Barrister or Barristers, or by reason of the Insufficiency of the Number of such Barristers, or from any other Cause, such Lists cannot be revised within the Period directed by this Act, it shall be lawful for such Lord Chief Justice or Judge, and he is hereby required, to appoint One or more Barrister or Barristers to act in the Place of or in addition to the Barrister or Barristers originally appointed; and such Barrister or Barristers so subsequently appointed shall have the same Powers and Authorities in every respect as if they had been originally appointed by such Lord Chief Justice or Judge.

LIV. And be it enacted, That the Lists of Voters for each County, or for the Riding, Parts, or Division of each County, so signed as aforesaid by any such Barrister, shall be forthwith trans^ mitted by him to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Parts for which such Barrister shall have been appointed; and the Clerk of the Peace shall keep the said Lists among the Records of the Sessions, arranged with every Hundred in alphabetical Order, and with every Parish and Township within such Hundred likewise in alphabetical Order, and shall forthwith cause the said Lists to be fairly and truly copied in the same Order in a Book to be by him provided for that Purpose, and shall prefix to every Name so copied out its proper Number, beginning the Numbers from the first Name, and continuing them in a regular Series down to the last Name, and shall complete and deliver such Book on or before the last Day of October in the present and in every succeeding Year to the Sheriff of the County, or his Under Sheriff, who shall safely keep the same, and shall at the Expiration of his Office deliver over the same to the succeeding Sheriff or his Under Sheriff; and the Lists of Voters for each City or Borough, so signed as aforesaid by any such Barrister, shall be forthwith delivered by him to the Returning Officer for such City or Borough, who shall safely keep the same, and shall cause the said Lists to be fairly and truly copied in a Book to be by him provided for that Purpose, with every Name therein numbered according to the Directions aforesaid, and shall cause such Book to be completed on or before the last Day of October in the present and m every succeeding Year, and shall deliver over such Book, together with the Lists, at the Expiration of his Office, to the Person succeeding him in such Office; and every such Book, to be so completed on or before the last Day of October in the present Year, shall be deemed the Register of the Electors to vote, after the End of this present Parliament, in the Choice of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for the County, Riding, Parts, or Division of a County, City, or Borough to which such Register shall relate, at any Election which may take placQ

15 after

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 45.

1T9

after the said last Day of October in the present Year and before the First Day of November in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three; and every such Book to be so completed Register how on or before the last Day of October in the Year One thousand lon8 to be in eight hundred and thirty-three, and in every succeeding Year, foroe# shall be the Register of Electors to vote at any Election which shall take place between the First Day of November inclusive in the Year wherein such respective Register shall have been made and the First Day of November in the succeeding Year.

LV. And be it enacted, That the Overseers of every Parish Copies of the and Township shall cause to be written or printed Copies of the Lists and of the Lists so by them to be made in the present and in every succeed- Registers to be ing Year, and shall deliver such Copies to all Persons applying printed for Sale, for the same, on Payment of a reasonable Price for each Copy; and the Monies arising from the Sale thereof shall be accounted for by the said Overseers, and applied to the same Purposes as Monies collected for the Relief of the Poor; and the Clerks of the Peace shall cause to be written or printed Copies of the Registers of the Electors for their respective Counties, Ridings, or Parts, or for the Divisions of their respective Counties; and the Returning Officer of every City or Borough shall cause to be written or printed Copies of the Register of the Electors for such City or Borough; and every such Clerk of the Peace, and every such Returning Officer, shall deliver such respective Copies to all Persons applying for the same, on Payment of a reasonable Price for each Copy; and the Monies arising from the Sale of all such Copies shall be accounted for to the Treasurer of the County,

Riding, or Parts.

LV1. And be it enacted, That for the Purpose of defraying the Expences of Expences to be incurred by the Overseers of the Poor and by Overseers, the Clerk of the Peace in carrying into effect the several Provi- Clerks of the sions of this Act, so far as relates to the Electors for any County, or for any Riding, Parts, or Division of a County, every Person, e ay

upon giving Notice of his Claim as such Elector to the Overseers, as herein-before mentioned, shall pay or cause to be paid to the said Overseers the Sum of One Shilling; and such Notice of Claim shall not be deemed valid until such Sum shall have been paid; and the Overseers of each Parish or Township shall add all Monies so received by them to the Money collected or to be collected for the Relief of the Poor in such Parish or Township, and such Monies so added shall be applicable to the same Purposes as Monies collected for the Relief of the Poor; and that, for the Purpose of defraying the Expences to be incurred by the Returning Officer of every City and Borough, and by the Overseers of the several Parishes and Townships in every City and Borough, and Place sharing in the Election therewith, in carrying into effect the Provisions of this Act, so far as relates to the Electors for such City or Borough, every such Elector whose Name shall be upon the Register of Voters for such City or Borough for the Time being shall be liable to the Payment of.

One Shilling annually, which Sum shall be levied and collected from each Elector in addition to and as a Part of the Money payable by him as his Contribution to the Rate for the Relief of the Poor, and such Sum shall be applicable to the same Purposes

N 2 as

180

C. 45.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Remuneration of the Barristers for revising the Lists.

No Inquiry at the Time of Election, except as to the Identity of the Voter, the Continuance of his Qualification, and whether he has voted before at same Election. Form of Questions as to these ' >ints.

as Money collected for the Relief of the Poor; and that the Expences incurred by the Overseers of any Parish or Township in making out, printing, and publishing the several Lists and Notices directed by this Act, and all other Expences incurred by them in carrying into effect the Provisions of this Act, shall be defrayed out of the Money collected or to be collected for the Relief of the Poor in such Parish or Township; and that all Expences incurred by the Returning Officer of any City or Borough in causing the Lists of the Electors for such City or Borough to be copied out and made into a Register, and in causing Copies of such Register to be written or printed, shall be defrayed by the Overseers of the Poor of the several Parishes and Townships within such City or Borough, or Place sharing in the Election therewith, out of the Money collected or to be collected for the Relief of the Poor in such Parishes and Townships, in proportion to the Number of Persons placed on the Register of Voters for each Parish or Township; and that all Expences i ncurred by the Clerk of the Peace of any County, Riding, or Parts in causing the Lists of the Electors for such County, Riding, or Parts, or for any Division of such County, to be copied out and made into a Register, and in causing Copies of such Register to be written or printed, and in otherwise carrying into effect the Provisions of this Act, shall be defrayed by the Treasurer of such County, Riding, or Parts out of any public Money ift his Hands, and he shall be allowed all such Payments in his Accounts: Provided always, that no Expences incurred by any Clerk of the Peace under this Act shall be so defrayed unless the Account shall be laid before the Justices of the Peace at the next Quarter Sessions after such Expences shall have been incurred, and allowed by the Court.

LVII. And be it enacted, That every Barrister appointed to revise any Lists of Voters under this Act shall be paid at the Rate of Five Guineas for every Day that he shall be so employed, over and above his travelling and other Expences; and every such Barrister, after the Termination of his last Sitting, shall lay or cause to be laid before the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being a Statement of the Number of Days during which he shall have been so employed, and an Account of the travelling and other Expences incurred by him in respect of such Employment; and the said Lords Commissioners shall make an Order for the Amount to be paid to such Barrister.

LVIII. And be it enacted, That in all Elections whatever of Members to serve in any future Parliament no Inquiry shall be permitted at the Time of polling, as to the Right of any Person to vote, except only as follows; that is to say, that the Returning Officer or his respective Deputy shall, if required on behalf of any Candidate, put to any Voter at the Time of his tendering his Vote, and not afterwards, the following Questions, or any of them, and no other:

1. Are you the same Person whose Name appears as A.B. on the Register of Voters now in force for the County of \or for the Riding, Parts, or

Division, fyc or for the City, , fyc. c. as the Case may be-\ ?

2. Have

181

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. c. 45.

2. Have you already voted, either here or elsewhere, at this

Election for the County of [or for the

Riding, Parts, or Division of the County of, or

for the City or Borough of as the Case may

be-\ ?

3. Have you the same Qualification for which your Name was

originally inserted in the Register of Voters now in force for the County of, , fyc. c.

[or for the Riding, , fyc. c.y

or for the City, &c., as the Case may be, specifying in each Case the Particulars of the Qualification as described in the Register ] ?

And if any Person shall wilfully make a false Answer to any of the Questions aforesaid, he shall be deemed guilty of an indictable Misdemeanor, and shall be punished accordingly; and the Returning Officer or his Deputy, or a Commissioner or Commissioners to be for that Purpose by him or them appointed, shall {if required on behalf of any Candidate at the Time aforesaid) administer an Oath (or, in case of a Quaker or Moravian, an Affirmation) to any Voter in the following Form; (that is to say,)

YOU do swear, [or, being a Quaker or Moravian, do affirm,] 4 That you are the same Person whose Name appears as

A.B. on the Register of Voters now in force for the County of [or for the Riding, Parts, or Division

of the County of or for the City or Borough

of as the Case may be]t and that you have not

before voted, either here or elsewhere, at the present Election ' for the said County [or for the said Riding, Parts, or Division

of the said County, or for the said City or Borough, as the Case

may be]. So help you GOD/

And no Elector shall hereafter at any such Electron be required to take any Oath or Affirmation, except as aforesaid, either in Proof of his Freehold or of his Residence, Age, or other Qualification or Right to vote, any Law or Statute, Local or General, to the contrary notwithstanding; and no Person claiming to vote at any such Election shall be excluded from voting thereat, except by reason of its appearing to the Returning Officer or his respective Deputy, upon putting such Questions as aforesaid, or any of them, that the Person so claiming to vote is not the same Person whose Name appears on such Register as aforesaid, or that he has previously voted at the same Election, or that he has not the same Qualification for which his Name was originally inserted in such Register, or except by reason of such Person refusing to take the said Oath or make the said Affirmation or to take or make the Oath or Affirmation against Bribery, or any other Oath or Affirmation now required by Law, and not hereby dispensed with; and no Scrutiny shall hereafter be allowed by or before any Returning Officer with regard to any Votes given or tendered at any Election of a Member or Members ta serve in any future Parliament; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Person whose Name shall have been omitted from any Register of Voters iu consequence of the Decision of the Barrister who shall have

N 3 revised

Oath to be adv ministered if required.

Form of Oath.

Na other Oathi as to Qualifiea-. tion.

No Scrutiny by Returning Officer.

Persons excluded from the Register by the Barrister may

182

C. 45.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

tender their Votes at Elections.

Tender to be recorded.

Correctness of the Register to be questionable before a Committee of the House of Commons.

Sheriffs of the divided Counties to fix the Time and preside at Elections.

Commencement and Continuance of Polls at County Elections.

Counties to be divided into Districts for polling.

revised the Lists from which such Register shall have been formed may tender his Vote at any Election at which such Register shall be in force, stating at the Time the Name or Names of the Candidate or Candidates for whom he tenders such Vote, and the Returning Officer or his Deputy shall enter upon the Poll Book every Vote so tendered, distinguishing the same from the Votes admitted and allowed at such Election.

LX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That, upon Petition to the House of Commons, complaining of an undue Election or Return of any Member or Members to serve in Parliament, any Petitioner, or any Person defending such Election or Return, shall be at liberty to impeach the Correctness of the Register of Voters in force at the Time of such Election, by proving that in consequence of the Decision of the Barrister who shall have revised the Lists of Voters from which such Register shall have been formed the Name of any Person who voted at such Election was improperly inserted or retained in such Register, or the Name of any Person who tendered his Vote at such Election improperly omitted from such Register; and the Select Committee appointed for the Trial of such Petition shall alter the Poll taken at such Election according to the Truth of the Case, and shall report their Determination thereupon to the House, and the House shall thereupon carry such Determination into effect, and the Return shall be amended, or the Election declared void, as the Case may be, and the Register corrected accordingly, or such other Order shall be made as to the House shall seem proper.

LXI. And be it enacted, That the Sheriffs of Yorkshire and Lincolnshire, and the Sheriffs of the Counties divided by this Act* shall duly cause Proclamation to be made of the several Days fixed for the Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire for the several Ridings, Parts, and Divisions of their respective Counties, and shall preside at the Election by themselves or their lawful Deputies.

LXII. And be it enacted, That at every contested Election of a Knight or Knights to serve in any future Parliament for any County, or for any Riding, Parts, or Division of a County, the polling shall commence at Nine o'Clock in the Forenoon of the next Day but Two after the Day fixed for the Election, unless such next Day but Two shall be Saturday or Sunday, and then on the Monday following, at the principal Place of Election, and also at the several Places to be appointed as herein-after directed for taking Polls; and such polling shall continue for Two Days only, such Two Days being successive Days; (that is to say,) for Seven Hours on the First Day of polling, and for Eight Hours on the Second Day of polling; and no Poll shall be kept open later than Four o'clock in the Afternoon of the Second Day; any Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIII. And be it enacted, That the respective Counties in England and Wales, and the respective Ridings, Parts, and Divisions of Counties, shall be divided into convenient Districts for polling, and in each District shall be appointed a convenient Place for taking the Poll at all Elections of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in any future Parliament, and such Districts

and

2° GULIELMI IV. C. 45.

183

and Places for taking the Poll shall be settled and appointed by the Act to be passed in this present Parliament for the Purpose of settling and describing the Divisions of the Counties enumerated in the Schedule marked (F.) to this Act annexed; provided that no County, nor any Riding, Parts, or Division of a County, shall have more than Fifteen Districts and respective Places appointed for taking the Poll for such County, Riding, Parts, or Division.

LXIV. And be it enacted, That at every contested Election for any County, or Riding, Parts, or Division of a County, the Sheriff Under Sheriff, or Sheriffs Deputy shall, if required thereto by or on behalf of any Candidate, on the Day fixed for the Election, and if not so required may, if it shall appear to him expedient, cause to be erected a reasonable Number of Booths for taking the Poll at the principal Place of Election, and also at each of the Polling Places so to be appointed as aforesaid, and shall cause to be affixed on the most conspicuous Part of each of the said Booths the Names of the several Parishes, Townships, and Places for which such Booth is respectively allotted; and no Person shall be admitted to vote at any such Election in respect of any Property situate in any Parish, Township, or Place, except at the Booth so allotted for such Parish, Township, or Place, and if no Booth shall be so allotted for the same, then at any of the Booths for the same District; and in case any Parish, Township, or Place shall happen not to be included in any of the Districts to be appointed, the Votes in respect of Property situate in any Parish, Township, or Place so omitted shall be taken at the principal Place of Election for the County, or Riding, Parts, or Division of the County, as the Case may be.

LXV. And be it enacted, That the Sheriff shall have Power to appoint Deputies to preside and Clerks to take the Poll at the principal Place of Election, and also at the several Places appointed for taking the Poll for any County, or any Riding, Parts, or Division of a County; and that the Poll Clerks employed at those several Places shall at the Close of each Day's Poll enclose and seal their several Books, and shall publicly deliver them, so enclosed and sealed, to the Sheriff, Under Sheriff, or Sheriff's Deputy presiding at such Poll, who shall give a Receipt for the same, and shall, on the Commencement of the Poll on the Second Day, deliver them back, so enclosed and sealed, to the Persons from whom he shall have received them; and on the final Close of the Poll every such Deputy who shall have received any such Poll Books shall forthwith deliver or transmit the same, so enclosed and sealed, to the Sheriff or his Under Sheriff, who shall receive and keep all the Poll Books unopened until the re-assera-bling of the Court on the Day next but One after the Close of the Poll, unless such next Day but One shall be Sunday, and then on the Monday following, when he shall openly break the Seals thereon, and cast up the Number of Votes as they appear on the said several Books, and shall openly declare the State of the Poll, and shall make Proclamation of the Member or Members chosen, not later than Two o'clock in the Afternoon of the said Day.

N 4 LXVI. And

As to Booths at the Polling Places for Counties.

No Voter to poll out of the District where his Property lies.

Provision as to Sheriff's Deputies, the Custody of Poll Books, and final Declaration of the Poll for Counties.

184

C. 45.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Sheriff in County Elections may act in Places of exclusive Jurisdiction.

Commencement and Continuance of Polls at Borough Elections in England.

Polling for Boroughs in England to be at several Booths, not more than 600 voting at One Compartment in a Booth.

Each Person to vote at the Booth appointed for his Parish or District,

LXVI. And be it enacted, That in all Matters relative to the Election of Knights or a Knight of the Shire to serve in any future Parliament for any County, or for any Riding, Parts, or Division of a County, the Sheriff of the County, his Under Sheriff, or any lawful Deputy of such Sheriff, shall have Power to act in all Places having any exclusive Jurisdiction or Privilege whatsoever, in the same Manner as such Sheriff, Under Sheriff, or Deputy may act within any Part of such Sheriffs ordinary Jurisdiction.

LXVII. And be it enacted, That at every contested Election of a Member or Members to serve in any future Parliament for any City or Borough in England, except the Borough of Monmouth, the Poll shall commence on the Day fixed for the Election, or on the Day next following, or at the latest on the Third Day, unless any of the said Days shall be Saturday or Sunday, and then on the Monday following, the particular Day for the Commencement of the Poll to be fixed by the Returning Officer; and such polling shall continue for Two Days only, such Two Days being successive Days, (that is to say,) for Seven Hours on the First Day of polling, and for Eight Hours on the Second Day of polling; and that the Poll shall on no Account be kept open later than Four o'clock in the Afternoon of such Second Day; any Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXVIII. And be it enacted, That at every contested Election of a Member or Members to serve in any future Parliament for any City or Borough in England, except the Borough of Mon-mouthy the Returning Officer shall, if required thereto by or on behalf of any Candidate, on the Day fixed for the Election, and if not so required may if it shall appear to him expedient, cause to be erected for taking the Poll at such Election different Booths for different Parishes, Districts, or Parts of such City or Borough, which Booths may be situated either in oue Place or in several Places, and shall be so divided and allotted into Compartments as to the Returning Officer shall seem most convenient, so that no greater Number than Six hundred shall be required to poll at any one Compartment; and the Returning Officer shall appoint a Clerk to take the Poll at each Compartment, and shall cause to be affixed on the most conspicuous Part of each of the said Booths the Names of the several Parishes, Districts, and Parts for which such Booth is respectively allotted; and no Person shall be admitted to vote at any such Election, except at the Booth allotted for the Parish, District, or Part wherein the Property may be situate in respect of which he claims to vote* or in case he does not claim to vote in respect of Property, then wherein his Place of Abode as described in the Register may be; but in case no Booth shall happen to be provided for any particular Parish, District, or Part as aforesaid, the Votes of Persons voting in respect of Property situate in any Parish, District, or Part so omitted, or having their Place of Abode therein, may be taken at any of the said Booths, and the Votes of Freemen residing out of the Limits of the City or Borough may be taken at any of the said Booths; and public Notice of the Situation, Division, and Allotment of the different Booths shall be given Two Days before

the

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV,

C. 45.

185

the Commencement of the Poll by the Returning Officer; and in case the Booths shall be situated in different Places, the Returning Officer may appoint a Deputy to preside at each Place; and at every such Election the Poll Clerks at the Close of each Day's Poll shall enclose and seal their several Poll Books, and shall publicly deliver them, so enclosed and sealed, to the Returning Officer or his Deputy, who shall give a Receipt for the same, and shall, on the Commencement of the Poll on the Second Day, deliver them back, so enclosed and sealed, to the Persons from whom he shall have received the same; and every Deputy so receiving any such Poll Books, on the final Close of the Poll shall forthwith deliver or transmit the same, so enclosed and sealed, to the Returning Officer, who shall receive and keep all the Poll Books unopened until the following Day, unless such Day be Sunday, and then till the Monday following, when he shall openly break the Seals thereon, and cast up the Number of Votes as they appear on the said several Books, and shall openly declare the State of the Poll, and make Proclamation of the Member or Members chosen, not later than Two o'Clock in the Afternoon of the said Day: Provided always, that the Returning Officer or his lawful Deputy may, if he think fit, declare the final State of the Poll, and proceed to make the Return immediately after the Poll shall have been lawfully closed: Provided also, that no Nomination shall be made or Election holden of any Member for any City or Borough in any Church, Chapel, or other Place of Public Worship.

LXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That so far as relates to the several Boroughs of New Shoreham, Cricklade, Aylesbury, and East Retford, as defined by this Act, the said several Boroughs shall be divided into convenient Districts for polling, and there shall be appointed in each District a convenient Place for taking the Poll at all Elections of Members to serve in any future Parliament for each of the said Boroughs, which Districts and Places for taking the Poll shall be settled and appointed by an Act to be passed in this present Parliament.

LXX. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall prevent any Sheriff or other Returning Officer, or the lawful Deputy of any Returning Officer, from closing the Poll previous to the Expiration of the Time fixed by this Act, in any Case where the same might have been lawfully closed before the passing of this Act; and that where the Proceedings at any Election shall be interrupted or obstructed by any Riot or open Violence, the Sheriff or other Returning Officer, or the lawful Deputy of any Returning Officer, shall not for such Cause finally close the Poll, but, in case the Proceedings shall be so interrupted or obstructed at any particular Polling Place or Places, shall adjourn the Poll at such Place or Places only until the following Day, and if necessary shall further adjourn the same until such Interruption or Obstruction shall have ceased, when the Returning Officer or his Deputy shall again proceed to take the Poll at such Place or Places; and any Day whereon the Poll shall have been so adjourned shall not, as to such Place or Places, be reckoned One of the Two Days of polling at such Election within the Meaning of this Act; and wherever the Poll shall have been so

adjourned

If the Booths are in different Places, a Deputy to preside at each Place.

As to Custody of Poll Books and final Declaration of Poll for Boroughs.

Polling Districts to be appointed for Shoreham, Cricklade, Aylesbury, and East Retford.

When Returning Officers may close the Poll before the Expiration of the Time fixed. Adjournment of Poll in case of Riot.

C. 4S.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832

Candidates, or Persons proposing a Candidate without his Consent, to be at the Expence of Booths and Poll Clerks.

Limitation of Expence.

Houses may be hired for polling in, instead of Booths.

Certified Copies of the Register of Voters for each Booth.

Powers of Deputies of Returning Officers.

adjourned by any Deputy of any Sheriff or other Returning Officer, such Deputy shall forthwith give Notice of such Adjournment to the Sheriff or Returning Officer, who shall not finally declare the State of the Poll, or make Proclamation of the Member or Members chosen, until the Poll so adjourned at such Place or Places as aforesaid shall have been finally closed, and delivered or transmitted to such Sheriff or other Returning Officer; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXI. And be it enacted, That from and after the End of this present Parliament all Booths erected for the Convenience of taking Polls shall be erected at the joint and equal Expence of the several Candidates, and the same shall be erected by Contract with the Candidates, if they shall think fit to make such Contract, or if they shall not make such Contract, then the same shall be erected by the Sheriff or other Returning Officer at the Expence of the several Candidates as aforesaid, subject to such Limitation as is herein-after next mentioned; (that is to say,) that the Expence to be incurred for the Booth or Booths to be erected at the principal Place of Election for any County, Riding, Parts, or Division of a County, or at any of the Polling Places so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall not exceed the Sum of Forty Pounds in respect of any One such principal Place of Election or any One such Polling Place; and that the Expence to be incurred for any Booth or Booths to be erected for any Parish, District, or Part of any City or Borough shall not exceed the Sum of Twenty-Five Pounds in respect of any One such Parish, District, or Part; and that all Deputies appointed by the Sheriff or other Returning Officer shall be paid each Two Guineas by the Day, and all Clerks employed in taking the Poll shall be paid each One Guinea by the Day, at the Expence of the Candidates at such Election: Provided always, that if any Person shgll be proposed without his Consent, then the Person so proposing him shall be liable to defray his Share of the said Expences in like Manner as if he had been a Candidate; provided also, that the Sheriff or Returning Officer may, if he shall think fit, instead of erecting such Booth or Booths as aforesaid, procure or hire and use any Houses or other Buildings for the Purpose of taking the Poll therein, subject always to the same Regulations, Provisions, Liabilities, and Limitations of Expence as are herein-before mentioned with regard to Booths for taking the Poll.

LXXII. And be it enacted, That the Sheriff or other Returning Officer shall, before the Day fixed for the Election, cause to be made, for the Use of each Booth or other Polling Place at such Election, a true Copy of the Register of Voters, and shall under his Hand certify every such Copy to be true.

LXXIII. And be it enacted, That every Deputy of a Sheriff or other Returning Officer shall have the same Power of administering the Oaths and Affirmations required by Law, and of appointing Commissioners for administering such Oaths and Affirmations as may by Law be administered by Commissioners, as the Sheriff or other Returning Officer has by virtue of this or any other Act, and subject to the same Regulations and Provisions in every respect as such Sheriff or other Returning Officer.

CAS *

18T

LXXIV. And be it enacted, That from and after the End of this present Parliament every Person who shall have a Right to vote in the Election of a Member for the Borough of Monmouth, in respect of the Towns of Newport or Usk, shall give his Vote at Newport or Usk respectively before the Deputy for each of such Towns, whom the Returning Officer of the Borough of Monmouth is hereby authorized and required to appoint; and every Person who shall have a Right to vote in the Election of a Member for any Shire-Town or Borough, in respect of any Place named in the First Column of the Schedule marked (E.) to this Act annexed, shall give his Vote at such Place before the Deputy for such Place whom the Returning Officer of the Shire-Town or Borough is hereby authorized and required to appoint; and every Person who shall have a Right to vote in the Election of a Member for the Borough composed of the Towns of Swansea, Loughor, Neath, Aberavon, and Ken-Jig shall give his Vote at the Town in respect of which he shall be entitled to vote, (that is to say,) at Swansea before the Portreeve of Swansea, and at each of the other Towns before the Deputy of such Town whom the said Portreeve is hereby authorized and required to appoint; and at every contested Election for the Borough of Monmouth, or for any Shire-Town or Borough named in the Second Column of the said Schedule (E.) , or for the Borough composed of the said Five Towns, or for the Borough of Brecon, the polling shall commence on the Day next after the Day fixed for the respective Election, unless such next Day be Saturday or Sunday, and then on the Monday following, as well at Monmouth as at Newport and Usk respectively, and as well at the Shire-Town or Borough as at each of the Places sharing in the Election therewith respectively, and as well at Swansea as at each of the Four other Towns respectively; and such polling shall continue for Two Days only, such Two Days being successive Days, (that is to say,) for Seven Hours on the First Day of polling, and for Eight Hours on the Second Day of polling, and that the Poll shall on no Account be kept open later than Four o'Clock in the Afternoon of such Second Day; and the Returning Officer of the Borough of Monmouth shall give to the Deputies for Newport and Usk respectively, and the Returning Officer of every Shire-Town or Borough named in the Second Column of the said Schedule (E.) shall give to the Deputy for each of the Places sharing in the Election for such Shire-Town or Borough, Notice of the Day fixed for such respective Election, and shall before the Day fixed for such respective Election cause to be made, and to be delivered to every such Deputy, a true Copy of the Register of Voters for the Borough of Monmouth, or for such Shire-Town or Borough, as the Case may be, and shall under his Hand certify every such Copy to be true; and the Portreeve of the Town of Swansea shall give Notice of the Day of Election to the Deputy for each of the Towns of Loughor, Neath, Aberavon, and Kenjig, and shall in like Manner cause to be made, and to be delivered to every such Deputy, a true and certified Copy of the Register of Voters for the Borough composed of the said Five Towns; and the respective Deputies for Newport and Usk, and for the respective Places named in the First Column of the

Regulations respecting polling, &c. for the Borough of Monmouth, and for the contributory Boroughs in Wales.

188

C. 45.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

As to Appointment of Deputies in Wales.

All Election Laws to remain in force, except where superseded by this Act.

Penalties on Officers for Breach of Duty.

Writs, &c. to be made conformable to this Act.

the said Schedule (E.) , as well as for the Towns of Lrnghor, Neath, Aberavon, and Ken-fig, shall respectively take and conduct the Poll, and deliver or transmit the Poll Books, in the same Manner as the Deputies of the Returning Officers of the Cities and Boroughs in England are herein-before directed to do, and shall have the same Powers and perform the same Duties in every respect as are respectively conferred and imposed on the said Deputies by this Act: Provided always, that where there shall be a Mayor, Portreeve, or other Chief Municipal Officer in any Town or Place for which the Returning Officer or the Portreeve of Swansea is required to appoint a Deputy as aforesaid, such Returning Officer or the Portreeve of Swansea, as the Case may be, is hereby required to appoint such Chief Municipal Officer for the Time being to be such Deputy for such Town or Place.

LXXV. And be it enacted, That all Laws, Statutes, and Usages now in force respecting the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for that Part of the United Kingdom called England and Wales shall be and remain, and are hereby declared to be and remain, in full Force, and shall apply to the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for all the Counties, Ridings, Parts, and Divisions of Counties, Cities and Boroughs, hereby empowered to return Members, as fully and effectually as if the same respectively had heretofore returned Members, except so far as any of the said Laws, Statutes, or Usages are repealed or altered by this Act, or are inconsistent with the Provisions thereof.

LXXVI. And be it enacted, That if any Sheriff, Returning Officer, Barrister, Overseer, or any Person whatsoever shall wilfully contravene or disobey the Provisions of this Act or any of them, with respect to any Matter or Thing which such Sheriff, Returning Officer, Barrister, Overseer, or other Person is hereby required to do, he shall for such his Offence be liable to be sued in an Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster for the penal Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and the Jury before whom such Action shall be tried may find their Verdict for the full Sum of Five hundred Pounds, or for any less Sum which the said Jury shall think it just that he should pay for such his Offence; and the Defendant in such Action, being convicted, shall pay such penal Sum so awarded, with full Costs of Suit, to the Party who may sue for the same: Provided always, that no such Action shall be brought except by a Person being an Elector or claiming to be an Elector, or a Candidate, ' or a Member actually returned, or other Party aggrieved: Provided also, that the Remedy hereby given against the Returning Officer shall not be construed to supersede any Remedy or Action against him according to the Law now in force.

LXXVII. And be it enacted, That all Writs to be issued for the Election of Members to serve in all future Parliaments, and all Mandates, Precepts, Instruments, Proceedings, and Notices consequent upon such Writs, shall be and the same are hereby ^authorized to be framed and expressed in such Manner and Form as may be necessary for the carrying the Provisions of this Act into effect.

A.D. 1832.

2° GULIELMI IV. C. 45.

189

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing This Act not in this Act contained shall extend to or in anywise affect the to extend to Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Universities Universities of of Oaford or Cambridge, or shall entitle any Person to vote in Cambridge the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the City of a ° Oaford or Town of Cambridge in respect of the Occupation of any Chambers or Premises in any of the Colleges or Halls of the Universities of Oxford or Cambridge.

LXXIX. And be it enacted, That throughout this Act, wherever Of the Sense in the Words " City or Borough, 1" " Cities or Boroughs," may occur, which Words in those Words shall be construed to include, except there be some- this Act are to thing in the Subject or Context manifestly repugnant to such Construction, all Towns Corporate, Cinque Ports, Districts, or Borough Places within 1England and Wales which shall be entitled after this Act shall have passed to return a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, other than Counties at large, and Ridings,

Parts, and Divisions of Counties at large, and shall also include the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed; and the Words " Returning " Returning Officer" shall apply to every Person or Persons to whom, by Officer virtue of his or their Office, either under the present Act, or under any former Law, Custom, or Statute, the Execution of any Writ or Precept doth or shall belong for the Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, by whatever Name or Title such Person or Persons may be called; and the Words " Parish or " Parish or Township" shall extend to every Parish, Township, Township Vill, Hamlet, District, or Place maintaining its own Poor; and the Words " Overseers of the Poor" shall extend to all Persons "Overseers of who by virtue of any Office or Appointment shall execute the the l, oor s" Duties of Overseers of the Poor, by whatever Name or Title such Persons may be called, and in whatsoever Manner they may be appointed, and that all Matters by this Act directed to be done by the Overseers of a Parish or Township may be lawfully done by the major Part of such Overseers, and that wherever any Notice is by this Act required to be given to the Overseers of any Parish or Township, it shall be sufficient if such Notice shall be delivered to any One of such Overseers, or shall be left at his Place of Abode, or at his Office or other Place for transacting Parochial Business, or shall be sent by the Post, addressed by a sufficient Direction, to the Overseers of the particular Parish or Township, or to any One of them, either by their or his Christian Name and Surname, or by their or his Name of Office $ and that all Provisions in this Act relative to any Matters to be " Justices of done by or with regard to Justices of the Peace for Counties, or the Pc?ce, for Sessions of the Peace for Counties, or Clerks of the Peace for Counties> &c# Counties, or Treasurers of Counties, shall extend to the Justices,

Sessions, Clerks of the Peace, and Treasurers of the several Ridings of Yorkshire and Parts of Lincolnshire, and that the Clerk of the . Peace for the Time being for the Borough of Newport in the Isle of Wight shall for the Purposes of this Act be deemed imd taken to be the Clerk of the Peace for the County of the Isle of Wight, and that all the said respective Justices, Sessions, and Clerks of the Peace shall have Power to do the several Matters required by this Act, as well within Places of exclusive Jurisdiction as without; and that no Misnomer or inaccurate Descrip- Misnomer not

tion to vitiate.

C. 45.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

In case the proposed Boundary Act shall not pass before the 20th of June 1832, the Preparations for First Registration to be deferred; but if the Boundary Act pass after that Day, the Periods preparatory to and connected with the First Registration to be settled by an Order in Council.

tion of any Person or Place named or described in any Schedule to this Act annexed, or in any List or Register of Voters, or in any Notice required by this Act, shall in anywise prevent or abridge the Operation of this Act" with respect to such Person or Place, provided that such Person or Place shall be so designated in such Schedule, List, Register, or Notice as to be commonly understood.

LXXX. And whereas it may happen that the Act or Acts for settling the Boundaries of Cities, Boroughs, and other Places, and the Divisions of Counties, as herein-before mentioned, may

not be passed within such Time as will allow the several Provisions of this Act relative to the Lists of Voters within such respective Boundaries and Divisions, and the various Notices and Proceedings preparatory to and connected with such Lists, 4 to be carried into effect within the several Periods in the present

Year herein-before specified and limited in that Behalf; and it is therefore expedient in such Event as aforesaid to appoint other Periods for the Purposes aforesaid be it therefore enacted, That if the Act or Acts for settling the Boundaries and Divisions herein-before mentioned shall not be passed before the Twentieth Day of June in the present Year, then and in such Case the Notice herein-before required to be given on the said Twentieth Day of June shall not be given on that Day, and the Lists of Voters, and the Notices and other Proceedings preparatory to and connected with such Lists, shall not be made out, given, or had upon or within the several Days or Times in the present Year herein-before specified in that Behalf; but if the Act or Acts for settling the Boundaries of Cities, Boroughs, and other Places, and the Divisions of Counties, as herein-before mentioned, shall be passed in the present Year subsequently to the Twentieth Day of June, then and in such Case His Majesty shall, by an Order made with the Advice of His Most Honourable Privy Council, appoint, in lieu of the Day for the present Year herein-before specified in that Behalf, a certain other Day, before or upon which the respective Lists of Voters shall be made out, and shall also appoint, in lieu of the several Days and Times for the present Year herein-before specified or limited in that Behalf, certain other Days and Times upon or within which all Notices, Claims, Objections, and other Matters whatsoever by this Act required to be given, delivered, transmitted, done, or performed in relation to such Lists, either before or after the making out of such Lists, shall be respectively given, delivered, transmitted, done, and performed; and His Majesty shall also by such Order appoint, in lieu of the Period for the present Year herein-before limited in that Behalf, a certain other Period for the Revision of the respective Lists of Voters by the Barristers, and shall also appoint within what Time, in lieu of the Time for the present Year herein-before limited in that Behalf, such respective Lists shall be copied out into Books, and, where necessary, delivered to the Sheriff or Under Sheriff, and from what Day, in lieu of the Day for the present Year herein-before specified in that Behalf, such respective Books shall begin to be in force as the Registers of Voters; and His Majesty may also by such Order in Council appoint any Days and Times for doing the several other

Matters

2° GULIELMI IV,

C. 45.

191

A.D. 1832.

Matters required or authorized by this Act, in lieu of the several Days and Times for the present Year herein-before specified; and all Days and Times so appointed by His Majesty as aforesaid shall be deemed to be of the same Force and Effect as if they had in every Instance been mentioned in this Act in lieu of the Days and Times for the present Year herein-before specified in that Behalf: Provided always, that nothing herein contained Proviso, shall authorize His Majesty to appoint any Days or Times in lieu of the Days and Times mentioned in this Act, except for the Purpose of carrying into effect the first Registration of Voters under this Act: Provided also, that no Person shall be entitled to be included in such first Registration of Voters unless he would have been entitled on the last Day of July in the present Year to have his Name inserted in some List of Voters if such List had been made out on the said last Day of July.

LXXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if a Dis- In case of a solution of the present Parliament shall take place after the Dissolution oi passing of this Act, and after the passing of the Act or Acts Payment for settling the Boundaries of Cities, Boroughs, and other Places, rQ£ the pro!

and the Divisions of Counties, as herein-before mentioned, but posed Boundary before the Day at and from which the Registers of Voters to be Act, and before first made by virtue of this Act shall begin to be in force, in Registration, such Case such Persons only shall be entitled to vote in the the Rights of Election of Members to serve in a new Parliament for any County, ^effect or for any Riding, Parts, or Division of a County, or for any City without Regis* or Borough, as would be entitled to be inserted in the respective tration.

Lists of Voters for the same directed to be made under this Act if the Day of Election had been the Day for making out. such respective Lists; and such Persons shall be entitled to vote in such Election although they may not be registered according to the Provisions of this Act, any thing herein contained notwithstanding; and the polling at such Election for any County, or for any Riding, Parts, or Division of a County, may be continued for Fifteen Days, and the polling at such Election for any City or Borough may be continued for Eight Days, any thing herein contained notwithstanding.

LXXXII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if a Dissolu- In case of a tion of the present Parliament shall take place after the passing Dissolution of of this Act, and before the passing of the Act or Acts for settling respectively the Boundaries of Cities, Boroughs, and other Places, 0ofrthe propos^f and the Divisions of Counties as herein-before mentioned, then Boundary Act, and in such Case the Election of Members to serve in a new Counties not to Parliament shall, both as to the Persons entitled to vote, and be divided; otherwise, be regulated according to the Provisions of this Act, save and except as herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,) that as to the several Counties enumerated in the Schedule (F.) to this Act annexed, all Persons entitled by virtue of this Act in respect of Property therein to vote in the Election of Knights of the Shire shall be entitled to vote for Four Knights of the Shire to serve in such new Parliament for each of the said Counties, and not for Two Knights to serve for any Division of the said Counties; and that as to the several Boroughs enume- Boundaries of rated in the Schedules (C.) and (D.) to this Act annexed, each new Borough* of the said Boroughs shall, for the Purpose of electing a Member defined

or

192

C. 4j.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Boundaries of old Boroughs to remain;

and the Rights of voting to take effect without Registration.

or Members to serve in such new Parliament, be deemed to include such Places as are specified and described in conjunction with the Name of each of the said Boroughs in the Schedule marked (L.) to this Act annexed; and that as to the several Cities and Boroughs in England and Wales not included in the Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed, and now returning a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, and the Places sharing in the Election for such Cities and Boroughs, each of such Cities, Boroughs, and Places respectively shall, for the Purpose of electing a Member or Members to serve in such new Parliament as aforesaid, be deemed to be comprehended within the same Limits as before the passing of this Act, and not otherwise; and that no Place named in the First Column of the Schedule (E.) to this Act annexed, which before the passing of this Act did not share in the Election of a Member for any Shire-Town or Borough named in the Second Column of the said Schedule (E.) , shall share in the Election of a Member for any Shire-Town or Borough to serve in such new Parliament, any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and that the Borough composed of the Towns of Swansea, Loughor, Neath, Aberavon, and Ken-fig shall not return a Member to serve in such new Parliament, but shall instead thereof share in the Election of a Member to serve in such new Parliament for the Borough of Cardiff, any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and that in the Event of such Dissolution of Parliament so taking place as last aforesaid, such Persons only shall be entitled to vote in the Election of Members to serve in such new Parliament as aforesaid for the Counties, Ridings, Parts, Cities, and Boroughs which in such Event shall return Members to serve in such new Parliament, as would be entitled to be inserted in the respective Lists of Voters directed to be made under this Act if the Day of Election had been the Day for making out such respective Lists; and such Persons shall be entitled to vote in such Election, although they may not be registered according to the Provisions of this Act, any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and the polling at such Election for any County, or for any Riding of Yorkshire or Parts of Lincolnshire, may be continued for Fifteen Days, and the polling at such Election for any City or Borough may be continued for Eight Days, any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

SCHE *

SCHEDULES to which the foregoing Act refers. SCHEDULE (A.)

Boroughs. County. | Boroughs. County.

Old Sarum Newtown St. Michael's 1 or Midshall i Gatton -Bramber Bossiney Dunwich Ludgershall -St. Mawe's Beeralston West Looe St. Germain's -Newport Blechingley -Aldborough -Camelford Hindon -Bast Looe Corfe Castle -Bedwin (Great) Yarmouth -1 Queenborough Castle Rising -East Grinstead Higham Ferrers Wendover Weobly - Wiltshire. Isle of Wight. Cornwall. Surrey. Sussex. Cornwall. Suffolk. Wiltshire. Cornwall. Devonshire. Cornwall. Cornwall. Cornwall. Surrey. Yorkshire. Cornwall. Wiltshire. Cornwall. Dorsetshire. Wiltshire. Isle of Wight, Hampshire. Kent. Norfolk. Sussex. Northamptonshire. Buckinghamshire. Herefordshire. Winchelsea - Tregony Haslemere Saltash Orford - Callington Newton Ilchester Boroughbridge Stockbridge - Romney (New) Hedon Plympton Seaford Heytesbury - Steyning Whitchurch - Wootton Bassett Downton Fowey - Mil borne Port - Aldeburgh Minehead Bishop's Castle Okehampton - Appleby Lostwithiel Brackley Amerpham Sussex. Cornwall. Surrey. Cornwall. Suffolk. Cornwall. Lancashire. Somersetshire. Yorkshire. Hampshire. Kent. Yorkshire. Devonshire. Sussex. Wiltshire. Sussex. Hampshire. Wiltshire. Wiltshire. Cornwall. Somersetshire. Suffolk. Somersetshire. Shropshire. Devonshire. Westmoreland. Cornwall. Northumberland. Buckinghamshire.

SCHEDULE (B.)

Boroughs. County. Boroughs. County.

Petersfield . Hampshire. Shaftesbury - Dorsetshire.

Ashburton - Devonshire. Thirsk - Yorkshire.

Eye - Suffolk. Christchurch - Hampshire.

Westbury - Wiltshire. Horsham Sussex.

Wareham Dorsetshire. Great Grimsby Lincolnshire.

Midhurst - Sussex. Caine Wiltshire.

Woodstock - Oxfordshire. Arundel - Sussex.

Wilton - . Wiltshire. St. Ives Cornwall.

Malmesbury - Wiltshire. Rye Sussex.

Liskeard - Cornwall. Clitheroe Lancashire.

Reigate - Surrey. Morpeth Northumberland.

Hythe - - Kent. Helston Cornwall.

Droitwich . Worcestershire. North Allerton Yorkshire.

Lyme Regis - Dorsetshire. Wallingford - Berkshire.

Launceston - Cornwall. Dartmouth Devonshire.

2 Gul.IV. O

194 C. 45. 2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

SCHEDULE (C.)

Principal Places to be Boroughs. Returning Officers.

Manchester (Lancashire) - - j Birmingham (Warwickshire) Leeds (Yorkshire) Greenwich (Kent). The Boroughreeve and Constables of Manchester. The Two Bailiffs of Birmingham. The Mayor of Leeds.

Sheffield (Yorkshire) Sunderland (Durham). Devonport (Devonshire). The Master Cutler. O . 1 1 A .1 11 W rt .1 tv

Wolverhampton (Staffordshire) | Tower Hamlets (Middlesex)* Finsbury (Middlesex). Mary-le bone (Middlesex). Lambeth (Surrey). Constable of the Manor of the Deanery of Wolverhampton. rpi T* 1 O "'1 t T '. 1

Bolton (Lancashire) - - j The Boroughreeves of Great and Little Bolton.

Bradford (Yorkshire). Blackburn (Lancashire). Brighton (Sussex). Halifax (Yorkshire). Macclesfield (Cheshire) Oldham (Lancashire). The Mayor of Macclesfield.

Stockport (Cheshire) Stoke upon-Trent (Staffordshire). Stroud (Gloucestershire). The Mayor of Stockport.

SCHEDULE (D.)

Principal Places to be Boroughs. Returning Officers.

Ashton-under-Lyne (Lancashire) Bury (Lancashire). Chatham (Kent). Cheltenham (Gloucestershire). Dudley (Worcestershire). Frome (Somersetshire). Gateshead (Durham). Huddersfield (Yorkshire). The Mayor of Ashton-under-Lyne.

Kidderminster (Worcestershire) -Kendal (Westmoreland) Rochdale (Lancashire). The High Bailiff of Kidderminster. The Mayor of Kendal.

Salford (Lancashire) South Shields (Durham). Tynemouth (Northumberland). Wakefield (Yorkshire). The Boroughreeve of Salford.

Walsall (Staffordshire) Warrington (Lancashire). Whitby (Yorkshire). Whitehaven (Cumberland). Merthyr Tydvil, Glamorganshire. The Mayor of Walsall.

2° GULIELMI IV.

SCHEDULE (E.)

Shire-Towns or

Principal Boroughs.

County in which such Boroughs are situated.

Places sharing in the Election of Members.

Amlwch, - - 'I Holyhead, and - j Llangefni - - J sharing with

Aberystwith, -Lampeter, and - J Adpar - - J > sharing with

Llanelly sharing with

Pwllheli - - 'j Nevin - 1 Conway - -, Bangor Criccieth - - J | sharing with

Ruthin - *1 Holt - Town of Wrexham - J sharing with

Rhyddlan Overton Caerwis Caergwrley St. Asaph Holywell -Mold -

Cowbridge -Llantrissent -

Llanidloes -Welsh Pool -Machynlleth Llanfyllin Newtown -

Narberth Fishguard -

Tenby -Wiston

Town of Milford

- )> sharing with

sharing with

- > sharing with

sharing with sharing with

- V sharing with

Beaumaris

Cardigan Caermarthen -

Caernarvon -Denbigh

Flint

Cardiff

Montgomery -

Haverfordwest

Pembroke

Radnor

Anglesey.

Cardiganshire.

Caermarthenshire.

Caernarvonshire.

Denbighshire.

Flintshire.

Glamorganshire.

Montgomeryshire.

Pembrokeshire.

Pembrokeshire.

Radnorshire.

Knighton Rhayder Kevmleece Knucklas -Town of Presteigne

196 C. 45. 2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

SCHEDULE (E.2.)

Places sharing in the Election of Members. Places therein from which the Seven Miles are to be calculated.

Newport The Market Place.

Usk _ - The Town Hall.

Aberystwith - - The Bridge over the Rheidal.

Lampeter - The Parish Church.

Ad par - - The Bridge over the Teivi.

Pwllheli - - The Guildhall.

Nevin - _ The Parish Church.

Conway - - The Parish Church.

Criccieth . _ The Castle.

Ruthin _ The Parish Church called St. Peter s.

Holt - _ - The Parish Church.

Rhyddlan - _ . The Parish Church.

Overton _ . The Parish Church.

Caerwis - - The Parish Church.

Caergwrley - - The Parish Church of Hope.

Cowbridge - The Town Hall.

Llantrissent - - The Town Hall.

Tenby - - The Parish Church.

Wiston . _ The Parish Church.

Knighton - The Parish Church.

Rhayder - . The Market Place.

Kevinleece . - The Parish Church.

Knucklas - _ The Site of the ancient Castle of Cnweglas.

Swansea _ . The Town Hall.

Loughor - - The Parish Church.

Neath - - The Town Hall.

Aberavon - - The Bridge over the Avon.

Ken-fig - - The Parish Church of Lower Ken-fig.

SCHEDULE (F.) COUNTIES to be divided.

Cheshire.

Cornwall.

Cumberland.

Derbyshire.

Devonshire.

Durham.

Essex.

Gloucestershire.

Kent.

Hampshire.

Lancashire.

Leicestershire.

Norfolk.

Northumberland.

Northamptonshire.

Nottinghamshire.

Shropshire.

Somersetshire.

Staffordshire.

Suffolk.

Surrey.

Sussex.

Warwickshire.

Wiltshire.

Worcestershire.

SCHEDULE (F.2.) COUNTIES to return Three Members each.

Berkshire.

Buckinghamshire.

Cambridgeshire.

Dorsetshire.

Herefordshire.

Hertfordshire.

Oxfordshire.

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV.

SCHEDULE (G.)

C. 45.

397

Cities and Towns and Counties thereof. Counties at large in which Cities and Towns and Counties thereof are to be included.

Caermarthen Caermar thenshire.

Canterbury - Kent.

Chester - Cheshire.

Coventry Warwickshire.

Gloucester Gloucestershire.

Kingston-upon-Hull - East Riding of Yorkshire.

Lincoln - The Parts of Lindsey, Lincolnshire.

London Middlesex.

Newcastle-upon-Tyne Northumberland.

Poole Dorsetshire.

Worcester Worcestershire.

York and Ainsty North Riding of Yorkshire.

Southampton Hampshire.

SCHEDULE (H.)

FORMS of LISTS and NOTICES applicable to Counties.

No. 1.

NOTICE of the making out of the Lists to be given by the Overseers.

We hereby give Notice, That we shall, on or before the last Day of July in this Year, make out a List of all Persons entitled to vote in the Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire for the County of [or for the Riding,

Parts, or Division of the County of as the Case

may 6c,] in respect of Property situate wholly or in part within this Parish [or Township]; and all Persons so entitled are hereby required to deliver or transmit to us, on or before the Twentieth Day of July in this Year, a Claim in Writing, containing their Christian Name and Surname, their Place of Abode, the Nature of their Qualification, and the Name of the Street, Lane, or other like Place wherein the Property in respect of which they claim to vote is situated; and if the Property be not situated in any Street, Lane, or other like Place, then such Claim must describe the Property by the Name by which it is usually known, or by the Name of the Tenant occupying the same; and each of such Persons so claiming must also at the same Time pay to us the Sum of One Shilling. Persons omitting to deliver or transmit such Claim or to make such Payment will be excluded from the Register of Voters for this County [or Riding, Parts, or Division, as the Case may 6c.] [In subsequent Years after One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, add the following Words," But Persons whose Names are now on the Register are not required to make a fresh Claim so long as they retain the same Qualification and continue in the same Place of Abode as described in the Register."]

(Signed) AOverseers of the Parish E F J Eor Township] of O 3

198

C. 45.

2° GULIELMI IV,

A.D. 1832.

No. 2.

NOTICE of Claim to be given to the Overseers.

I hereby give you Notice, That I claim to be inserted in the List of Voters for the County of [or for the Riding, Parts, or Division of the County of as the Case may be], and that the Particulars

of my Race of Abode and Qualification are stated below. Dated the Day of in the

Year

(Signed) John Adams. Race of Abode, Cheapside, London.

Nature of Qualification, Freehold House, [or Warehouse, Stable, Land, Field, Annuity, Rent-charge, , fyc. c. as the Case may be, giving such a Description of the Property as may serve to identify it.]

Where situate in this Parish, [or Township], King Street. If the Property be not situate in any Street, Lane, or other like Place, then say," Name of the Property, Highfield Farm," or," Name of the occupying Tenant, John Edwards."]

No. 3.

County of to wit, [or r The LIST of PERSONS

Riding, Forts, or Division of the County J entitled to vote in the of a, the Co* may be.} \ Election of a Knight [or

Knights] of the Shire for the County of [or for the Riding, Parts, or Division of the County of as the Case may be], in respect of Property

situate within the Parish of [or Township, as the

Case may be].

Christian Name and Surname of each Voter, at full Length. Place of Abode. Nature of Qualification. Street, Lane, or other like Place in this Parish [or Township] where the Property is situate, or Name of the Property, or Name of the Tenant.

Adams, John Alley, James Ball, William Boyce, Henry r Cheapside, L London r Long Lane in \ this Parish - r Market Street, 1 Lancaster - f Church Street 1 in this Parish f Freehold I House -r Copyhold 1 Field -c Lease of Warehouse L for Years r 50 Acres of Land as L Occupier | King Street. 1 John Edwards, J Tenant. *Duke Street. Highfield Farm.

(Signed) Overseers of the said Parish

E.F. J Township]-

2° GULIELMI IV. C. 45.

199

No. 4.

NOTICE of Objection to be given to the Overseers.

To the Overseers of the Parish of [or

Township, as the Case may be].

I hereby give you Notice, That I object to the Name of William Ball being retained in the List of Voters for the County of [or for the Riding, Parts,

or Division of the County of ]. Dated the

Bay of in the Year

(Signed) A.B. of [Place of Abode].

No. 5.

NOTICE of Objection to Parties inserted in the List.

To Mr. William Ball.

I hereby give you Notice, That I object to your Name being retained in the List of Voters for the County of [or for the Riding, Parts, or Division of the County of ], and that you will be required to

prove your Qualification at the Time of the revising of the said List. Dated the Dav of in the

Year

(Signed) A.B. of [Place of Abode"]. No. 6.

LIST of Persons objected to, to be published by the Overseers.

The following Persons have been objected to as not being entitled to have their Names retained in the List of Voters for the County of or for the Riding, Parts,

or Division of the County of ].

Christian Name and Surname of each Person objected to. Place of Abode. Nature of the supposed Qualification. Street, Lane, or other like Place in this Parish [or Township] where the Property is situate, or Name of the Property, or Name of the Tenant.

Alley, James Ball, William f Long Lane in 1 this Parish - c Market Street, 1 Lancaster - r Copyhold I Field -C Lease of Warehouse L for Years r John Edwards, i Tenant. ^Duke Street.

(Signed) A.B. \ Overseers of the Parish of C.D > ] or Township,

E.F.J as the Case may be].

200

C. 45.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832

SCHEDULE (I.)

FORMS of LISTS and NOTICES applicable to Cities and Boroughs.

No. 1.

The LIST of Persons entitled to vote in the Election of a Member [or Members for the City [or Borough] of in respect of Property occupied within the Parish [or Township] of by virtue of an Act passed in the

Second Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth, intituled " An Act to amend the Representation of the People in England and Wales."

Christian Name and Surname of each Voter at full Length. Nature of Qualification. Street, Lane, or other Place in this Parish where the Property is situate.

Ashton, John Atkinson, William Bates, Thomas -Bull, Thomas - House - Warehouse Shop Counting-house Church Street. Bolt Court, Fleet Street. Castle Street. Lord Street.

(Signed) Overseers of the said Parish

E.F.J l> Township].

No. 2.

The LIST of all Persons (not being Freemen) entitled to vote in the Election of a Member [or Members] for the City [or Borough] of in respect of any Rights

other than those conferred by an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth, intituled " An Act to amend the Representation of the People in England and Wales."

Christian Name and Surname of each Voter at full Length. Nature of Qualification. Street, Lane, or other Place in this Parish where the Property is situate. If the Right of voting does net depend on Property, then state the Place of Abode.

(Signed) A.B.^j Overseers of the Parish of

C.D. > [or Township] within the said E.F.J City [or Borough.]

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 45.

201

No. 3.

The LIST of the Freemen of the City [or Borough] of

[or of being a Place sharing in the Election

with the City [or Borough] of ] entitled to

vote in the Election of a Member [or Members] for the said City [or Borough].

Christian Name and Surname of each Freeman at full Length. Place of his Abode.

(Signed)

A R (Town Clerk of the said City ' 1 [or Borough or Place].

No. 4.

NOTICE of Claim.

To the Overseers of the Parish [or Township] of or to the Town Clerk of the City [or Borough] of or otherwise, as the Case may be'],

I hereby give you Notice, That I claim to have my Name inserted in the List made by you of Persons entitled to vote in the Election of a Member [or Members] for the City [or Borough] of, and that my Qualification consists of a

House in Duke Street in your Parish, or otherwise, [as the Case may be]; [and in the Case of a Freeman, say, and that my Qualification is as a Freeman of, and that I reside in

Lord Street in this City or Borough]. Dated the Day of One thousand eight hundred and thirty

(Signed) John Allen of [Place of Abode].

No. 5.

NOTICE of Objection.

To the Overseers of the Parish [or Township] of

[or to the Town Clerk of the City [or Borough] of or otherwise, as the Case may be].

I hereby give you Notice, That I object to the Name of Thomas Bates being retained in the List of Persons entitled to vote in the Election of a Member [or Members] for the City [or Borough] of, and that I shall bring forward such Objection

at the Time of the revising of such List. Dated the Day of in the Year

(Signed) A.B. of [Place of Abode],

202

C. 45. 2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

No. 6.

LIST of Claimants, to be published by the Overseers.

The following Persons claim to have their Names inserted in the List of Persons entitled to vote in the Election of a Member [or Members] for the City [or Borough] of

Christian Name and Surname of each Claimant at full Length. Nature of Qualification. Street, Lane, or other Place in this Parish where the Property is situate. If the Right does not depend on Property, state the Place of Abode.

Allen, John. House. Duke Street.

(Signed) A.B.

C.D. > Overseers of, , fyc. c. E.F. J

No. 7.

LIST of Persons objected to, to be published by the Overseers.

The following Persons have been objected to as not being entitled to have their Names retained in the List of Persons qualified to vote in the Election of a Member [or Members] for the City [or Borough] of

Christian Name and Surname of each Person objected to. Nature of the supposed Qualification. Street, Lane, or other Place in this Parish where the Property is situate. If the Right does not depend on Property, state the Place of Abode.

Bates, Thomas. Shop. Castle Street.

(Signed) A.B."j

C.D. > Overseers of, , fyc. c. E.F.J

No. 8.

LIST of Claimants, to be published by the Town Clerks.

The following Persons claim to have their Names inserted in the List of the Freemen of the City [or Borough] of [or of being a Place sharing in the Election with the City [or Borough] of ], entitled to vote in

the Election of a Member [or Members] for the said City [or Borough].

Christian Name and Surname of each Claimant at full Length. Place of his Abode.

/g; _ix A t, /Town Clerk of the said City

(Signed) A.B. { [or Borough or Place].

A.D. 1832.

2° GULIELMI IV,

C. 45.

203

No. 9.

The LIST of Persons objected to, to be published by the Town

Clerk,

The following Persons have been objected to as having no Right to be retained on the List of the Freemen of the City [or Borough] of [or of being a Place sharing

in the Election with the City [or Borough] of ],

entitled to vote in the Election of a Member [or Members] for the said City [or Borough].

Christian and Surname of each Person objected to. Place of his Abode.

(Signed) A.B. {

SCHEDULE (K.)

A LIST of such of the Freemen of London as are Liverymen of the Company of entitled to vote in

the Election of Members for the City of London.

Christian Name and Surname of the Voter at full Length. Street, Lane, or other Description of his Place of Abode.

(Signed) A.B. Clerk.

No. 1.

NOTICE of Claim to be given to the Returning Officer or Officers of the City of London, and to the Clerks of the respective Livery Companies.

To the Returning Officer or Officers of the City of London [or to the Clerk of the Company of .]

I hereby give you Notice, That I claim to have my Name inserted in the List made by the Clerk of the Company of [or, in case of Notice to the Clerk, say, made by you] of the Liverymen of the said Company [or, in case of Notice to the Clerk, say, of the Liverymen of the Company of ] entitled to vote in the Election of Members for the City of London. Dated the Day

204

No. 2.

LIST of Claimants, to be published by the Returning Officer or Officers of the City of London.

The following Persons claim to have their Names inserted in the List of Persons entitled to vote as Freemen of the City of London, and Liverymen of the several Companies herein specified, in the Election of Members for the City of London.

Christian Name and Surname of Claimants at full Length. Place of Abode.

No. 3.

NOTICE of Objection to Parties inserted in the List of the

Livery.

To Mr. William Baker.

I hereby give you Notice, That I object to your Name being retained in the List of Persons entitled to vote as Freemen of the City of London and Liverymen of the Company of in the Election of Members for the said City, and that I shall bring forward such Objection at the Time of revising the said List. Dated the Day of

(Signed) A.B.

[Place of Abode*-\

SCHEDULE (L.)

Boroughs. Temporary Contents and Boundary.

Ashton-under- The Division of the Parish of Ashton-under-

Lyne. Lyne, called the Town's Division.

Birmingham Parishes of Birmingham and Edgbaston, and Townships of Bordesley, Deritend, and Duddeston with Nechels.

Blackburn Township of Blackburn.

Bolton Townships of Great Bolton, Haulgh, and Little Bolton, except the detached Part of the Township of Little Bolton which lies to the North of the Town of Bolton.

Bradford Township of Bradford.

Brighthelmstone Parishes of Brighthelmstone and Hove.

Bury Township of Bury.

Chatham From the Easternmost Point at which the Boundary of the City of Rochester meets the Right Bank of the River Medway, Southward along the Boundary of the City of Rochester, to the Boundary Stone of the said City marked 5; thence in a straight Line to the Windmill in the Parish of Chatham on the Top of Chatham Hill; thence in a straight Line to the Oil Wind-

Boroughs.

Cheltenham

Devenport

Dudley -Finsbury

Frorae

Temporary Contents and Boundary.

mill in the Parish of Gillingham, between the Village of Gillingham and the Fortifications; thence in a straight Line through Gillingham Fort to the Right Bank of the River Medway; thence along the Right Bank of the River Medway to the Point first described.

- Parish of Cheltenham.

- Parish of Stoke Damerill and Township of

East Stonehouse.

- Parish of Dudley.

- Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields; Saint

George Bloomsbury; Saint George the Martyr; Saint Andrew above Bars; Saint Luke; Saint Sepulchre, except so much as is in the City of London; Saint James Clerkenwell, except so much as is locally in the Parish of Hornsey; Ecclesiastical Districts of Trinity, Saint Paul, and Saint Mary in the Parish of Saint Mary Islington; Liberties of Saffron Hill, Hatton Garden, and Ely Rents; Ely Place; the Rolls; Glasshouse Yard; Precinct of the Charter-house; Lincolns Inn; Gray's Inn; so much of Furnival's Inn and Staple's Inn as is not within the City of London.

- Town of Frome as within the Limits now

assigned to the Town of Frome by the Trustees under the Provisions of an Act passed in the First and Second Year of

Gateshead

Greenwich

Halifax -Huddersfield Kendal -

Kidderminster

Lambeth

Leeds

His present Majesty, intituled " An Act for better repairing and improving several " Roads leading to and from the Town of " Frome in the County of Somerset."

- Parish of Gateshead.

- Parishes of Saint Paul and Saint Nicholas,

Deptford, and so much of the Parishes of Greenwich, Charlton, and Woolwich as lie between the Thames and the Dovor Road.

- Township of Halifax.

- Township of Huddersfield.

- Townships of Kendal and Kirkland, and all such Parts of the Township of Nether-gaveship as adjoin the Township of Kendal.

- Borough of Kidderminster.

- Parishes of Saint Mary Newington; Saint

Giles Camberwell, except the Manor and Hamlet of Dulwich; Precinct of the Palace; and so much of the Parish of Lambeth as is North of the Ecclesiastical Division of Brixton.

- Borough of Leeds.

206

C. 45.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Boroughs. Temporary Contents and Boundary.

Macclesfield Manchester Borough of Macclesfield. Townships of Manchester, Chorlton Row, Ardwick, Hulme, Beswick, Cheetham,

Marylebone Bradford, Newton, and Harpur Hey. Parishes of Saint Marylebone and Paddington, and so much of the Parish of Saint

Merthyr Tydvil Oldham -Rochdale Pancras as is South of the Regent's Canal. Parishes of Merthyr Tydvil and Aberdare. Township of Oldham. Town of Rochdale, as within the Provisions of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of His late Majesty, intituled " An Act for light-w mg, cleansing, watching, and regulating " the Town of Rochdale in the County " Palatine of Lancaster."

Salford - Townships of Salford, Pendleton, and Broughton.

Sheffield - Townships of Sheffield, Attercliffe-cum-Dar-nall, Brightside Bierlow, and Nether Hallam.

South Shields -Stockport Townships of South Shields and Westoe. Borough of Stockport; Hamlets of Brinks-way and Edgeley.

Stoke-upon-Trent Townships of Tunstall, Burslem, Hanley, Shelton, Penkhull with Boothen, Lane End,

Stroud t Longton, Fenton Vivian, Fenton Culvert; Hamlet of Sneyd; and Vill of Rushton Grange. Parishes of Stroud, Bisley, Painswick, Pitch-comb, Randwick, Stonehouse, Eastington, Leonard Stanley except Lorridges Farm; King's Stanley, Rodborough, Minchinhampton, Wooachester, Avening, Horsley.

Sunderland Parish of Sunderland; Townships of Bishop Wearmouth, Bishop Wearmouth Panns, Monk Wearmouth, Monk Wearmouth Shore, and South wick.

Tower Hamlets Liberties of the Tower, and Tower Division

Tynemouth of Ossulston Hundred, except the Parishes of Saint John Hackney, Saint Mary Strat-ford-le- Bow, and Saint Leonard Bromley. Townships of Tynemouth, North Shields, Chirton, Preston, and Cullercoats.

Wakefield Walsall - Township of Wakefield. Borough of Walsall, except the Parts detached from the Borough of Walsall.

Warrington Whitehaven Whitby -Wolverhampton Township of Warrington. Township of Whitehaven. Township of Whitby. Townships of Wolverhampton, Bilston, Wednesfield, and Willenhall; and Parish of Sedgeley.

14?

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 46.

267

CAP. XLVI.

An Act to enable His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to appoint a Trustee of the British Museum.

[23d June 1832.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament passed in the Twenty* sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the Purchase of the Museum or 26 G.2. c. 22. ' Collection of Sir Hans Sloane, and of the Harleian Collection of Manuscripts; and for providing One General Repository, for the better Reception and more convenient Use of the said Collections,

and of the Cottonian Library, and of the Additions thereto, it was amongst other things enacted, that certain Persons should be Trustees for putting the said Act into execution, and that the said Trustees thereby appointed should be a Body Corporate in Deed and in Name, and have Succession for ever by the Name of "The Trustees of the British Museum f and should also have the Power, Capacity, and Ability to purchase, take,

hold, and enjoy for the Purposes of that Act, as well Goods and Chattels as Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as in the said Act is more particularly mentioned and set forth, with such Powers and under such Directions as are therein expressed:

And whereas an Act was passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign

of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act 5G. 4. c. 39.

for amending former Acts relative to the British Museum: And whereas the Collections contained in the said Museum have been from Time to Time considerably augmented, and their

Value and Importance greatly enhanced, by numerous Dona-

tions bestowed on the said Museum by His Majesty's Royal Predecessors, and particularly by the Gift made by His Majesty King George the Second of the whole of the rare and important Library of printed Books and Manuscripts collected by the former Sovereigns of these Realms from the Time of King Henry the Seventh, and also by a Gift made by His Majesty ' King George the Third of a most valuable Collection of Pamphlets and Periodical Papers: And whereas His late Majesty King George the Fourth did, with unexampled Munificence, present to the British Nation the choice and extensive Library formed with great Care and at great Expence by His 4 Royal Father and Predecessor King George the Third, containing more than Seventy thousand Volumes, which Library is now deposited in the British Museum, and did likewise by the Presentation of a splendid and valuable Collection of Coins and

Medals, and by numerous other Donations in various Departments of Literature and Science, evince His high Sense of the Utility and Importance of the British Museum: And whereas,

4 in consideration of the numerous and valuable Donations and ' Benefactions made to the British Museum by His Majesty's Royal Predecessors, it is fit and expedient that His Majesty and Hi3 Successors should have Power to nominate and appoint ' a Trustee of the said Museum:' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

C. 46, 47.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

His Majesty may appoint a Trustee.

The Trustee appointed by His Majesty to have the same Powers as the other Trustees.

[Proviso.]

All Commissions of General Gaol Delivery, &c. for Norwich and Norfolk

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by Writing under His Sign Manual, to nominate and appoint such Person as to His Majesty shall seem proper to be a Trustee of the British Museum, and as such to be added to and associated with the other Trustees for the Time being of the* British Museum, as a Co-trustee with them, with all the Rights-and Privileges of such other Trustees; and that upon the Decease or Resignation of the Person so to be nominated and appointed by His Majesty as aforesaid it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by Writing under His or Their Sign Manual, to nominate and appoint any other Person to be a Trustee in the Place and Stead of the Trustee so dying or resigning as aforesaid, and so from Time to Time as often-as the Person so to be nominated and appointed shall die or resign the said Trust.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Trustee for the Time being so to be appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall, from the Pate of such Nomination and Appointment, be to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever a Co-trustee with the other Trustees of the British Museum for the Time being, and as such shall have and be entitled to use, exercise, and enjoy all Rights, Powers, and Privileges which under and by virtue of the aforesaid Acts, or otherwise howsoever, belong to or may be legally used, exercised, or enjoyed by the other Trustees of the said Museum, including the Privilege of voting on the Election of new Trustees: Provided however, that nothing herein contained shall in anywise prejudice or abridge the Right* and Privileges by the said Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second vested in the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Chancellor, and the Speaker of the House of Commons, in whom such Rights and Privileges shall exclusively continue.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for holding the Assizes for the County of Norfolk, and for the City of Norwich and County of the same City, Twice in every Year at Norwich.

[23d June 1832.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Assizes for the City of

W Norwich and County of the same City be held Twice in

each Year in the said City and County of the said City: And whereas the holding the same as aforesaid would be conducive

to the more speedy and effective and due Administration of

Justice therein: And whereas it is likewise expedient that the ' Assizes for the County of Norfolk should henceforth be held ' Twice in each Year in and at the Shire-house at the Castle of ' Norwich Be it therefore enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three all the Commissions of Assize and Nisi Prius, and all general Commissions of Oyer and Terminer, and all Com-

11 missions

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV.

209

C. 48, 47.

missions of General Gaol Delivery, which shall be appointed to be held and executed for the said City of Norwich and County of the said City, and for the said County of Norfolk, respectively, shall be held and executed for the said City of Norwich and County of the said City at and in the said City of Norwich and County of the said City, and for the said County of Norfolk, in the Shire-house at the Castle of Norwich; and that the said Commissions for the said City of Norwich and County of the said City, and for the said County of Norfolk respectively, shall be appointed and executed at and in the said City of Norwich and County of the said City, and at and in the said Shire-house at the Castle of Nortvich, Twice in every Year, (that is to say,) at or about the usual Times for holding the Lent and Summer Assizes respectively; any Law, Statute, Usage, Matter, or Thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That if at any Time hereafter the said City of Norwich and County of the said City, or the said Shire-house at the Castle of Norwich, shall be wholly unfit for holding Assizes there, by Accident of Fire, or by means of any contagious or epidemical Distemper, or by reason of any Civil Tumults or Disorder, or the Danger or reasonable Apprehension thereof, or by reason of any other*unforeseen Cause or Exingency, the same or any of the aforesaid Matters to be made to appear before the Lord High Chancellor, or Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for keeping the Great Seal, for the Time being, that then and in' such Cases only it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord High Chancellor, or Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for keeping the Great Seal, for the Time being, with the Advice of the Justices of Assize, from Time to Time in and during the Continuance of such respective Exingencies only, and for and at no other Time or Times, to appoint some convenient Place within the said County of Norfolk for holding the said Assizes, and each or either of them, instead of the said City of Norwich and County of the said City, or the said Shire-house at the Castle of Norwich, any thing in this present Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to regulate the Office of Clerk of the Crown in the Court of King's Bench in Ireland.

[23d June 1832.]

WHEREAS the Commissioners appointed to inquire into the Duties, Salaries, fand Emoluments of the Officers in the several Courts in Ireland have made a Report recommending

certain Alterations in the Office of Clerk of the Crown in the Court of King's Bench in Ireland, and the said Office became vacant by the Death of the Survivor of the Two Persons in whom the same was lately vested by Patent; and it is expedient to regulate the said Office, pursuant to the Recommendation

of the said Commissioners, in manner herein-after provided Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

2 Gul. IV. P and shall be hdd Twice every Year at Norwich.

For holding Commissions in case of Accidents, &c. to the City of Norwich.

C. 48.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

There shall be One Clerk of the Crown of the Court of King's Bench, who shall be paid by a fixed Salary.

Fees payable at the Crown Office to be according to the Schedule annexed to this Act.

Fees may be altered, or new Fees allowed, by the Court of King's Bench.

Penalty on Clerk of the Crown taking any Fees contrary to this Act, 100/.

and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Commencement of this Act there shall be One Clerk of the Crown of the Court of King's Bench in Ireland, who shall be appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal in Ireland, and who shall hold his said Office during good Behaviour, and who shall be deemed the principal Officer employed on the Crown Side of the said Court of King's Bench, and who shall receive an annual Salary of Nine hundred Pounds, paid and payable in manner herein-after mentioned, in lieu of all other Fees and Emoluments whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act the several Fees specified in the Schedule to this Act annexed (and which Schedule shall be deemed and taken to be Part of this Act shall) be paid and payable in lieu of all and every the Fees heretofore claimed or payable under or by virtue of any Rule or Order of Court, Law, Statute, Usage, or otherwise howsoever, for or by reason of all and every the Duties and Services performed by or in anywise appertaining to the Office of Clerk of the Crown of the said Court of King's Bench in Ireland, and that no further nor other Feeor Emolument whatsoever shall be paid or payable for or by reason of or under pretext of any Act, Matter, or Thing done or to be done by the said Clerk of the Crown in his said Office, or in anywise appertaining to the Business thereof.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of King's Bench from Time to Time to increase or diminish or vary or abolish any of the said Fees, and also to authorize and impose the Payment of any new or additional Fee; and all such Fees the Amount whereof shall be so varied, and all such new and additional Fees which shall be so made payable, and also any Order for the Abolition of any Fee, shall be specified and set forth in a Table or Tables to be made by Order of the said Court of King's Bench, and signed by at least Two Judges as aforesaid; and such Order shall specify the Grounds and Reasons upon which such Fees shall have been altered, abolished, or made payable respectively; and a Copy of every such Order, signed as aforesaid, shall be transmitted to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, who shall cause Copies of the same to be laid before both Houses of Parliament immediately after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, and thereupon every such Fee shall be deemed and taken to be a legal Fee, according to the Terms of such Order, and payable and receivable as such, from and after the last Day of such Session of Parliament, as if the same had been included in the Table of Fees annexed to this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall hold the said Office of Clerk of the Crown shall himself wilfully and knowingly ask or accept, or if any Assistant or other Person employed by him in said Office shall, with his Privity and Con^-sent, ask or receive, directly or indirectly, for or by reason or under pretext of any Service in any way concerning or relating to the Business of the said Office, any Fee or Reward other than may from Time to Time be lawful under the Provisions of this

14 Act,

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV *

C. 48.

211

Act, every such Person holding such Office of Clerk of the Crown shall for every such Offence, committed by himself or with his Privity or Consent as aforesaid, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and shall thereupon also forfeit his said Office.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Assistant Clerk or other Person whatever employed in the said Office shall at any Time after the Commencement of this Act ask or receive, for or by reason or under pretext of any Service done by the said Clerk of the Crown in or in anywise relating to the Business of his Office, any Fee or Reward on account of the said Clerk of the Crown other than may from Time to Time be lawful under the Provisions of this Act, or if any such Assistant Clerk or other Person shall ask or receive, for his own private Emolument, from any Party, Attorney, or other Person whomsoever, save and except only from the said Clerk of the Crown by and under whom any such Assistant Clerk or other Person shall be employed, any Fee or Reward whatsoever for or by reason or under pretext of any Service of his or their own, or if any Person or Persons employed by or under him or them respectively in the said Crown Office, every Assistant Clerk or other Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be appointed to the said Office of Clerk of the Crown shall within Fourteen Days after his Appointment affix or cause to be affixed or hung up in his said Office, and maintain therein, a Table, fairly printed or written, and framed and glazed, setting forth all such Fees as it shall then be lawful to receive in respect of the Business thereof; and if at any Time any such Fees shall be altered or abolished, or any new Fee or Fees authorized and imposed, by virtue of the Provision in that Behalf herein contained, then and in every such Case such Officer shall within One Week from the Time of such Change alter and amend such Table accordingly; and such Clerk of the Crown shall for every Day on which such Table shall not be so kept and maintained as aforesaid in such Office forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act there shall be kept in the said Office of the Clerk of the Crown of the Court of King's Bench in Ireland One or more Book or Books, wherein every Fee or Sum of Money which shall be received in the said Office for the Performance of any Duty to be done and performed by such Clerk of the Crown or other Person in respect of the Business of such Office shall be duly and separately entered at the Time of the Receipt thereof, and every such Book shall be produced and verified by the said Clerk of the Crown whenever the same shall be required by any Person interested in such Production, or by any Order of any of His Majesty's Superior Courts in Dublin, or of any Judge of any such Courts, or of the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act there shall be issued and paid in manner herein-after mentioned, out of the Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, after

P 2 paying,

Penalty on any Deputy or Clerk taking any Fees contrary to this Act, 1001.

Clerks of Crown shall affix Tables of Fees in their Offices.

Penalty for Neglect 20/. per Day.

Books of all Fees received shall be kept, and produced when required.

Clerk of the Crown shall receive out of Consolidated Fund sufficient

C. 48.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832

to make up (with Fees) 900/. a Year.

Clerk of the Crown shall deliver Accounts of Amount of Fees received.

Justices of King's Bench shall examine % such Accounts, and certify to Vice Treasurer the Amount received and paid by Clerk of the Crown.

Whatever the Receipts of Clerk of the Crown shall fall short of Salary, computed at 900/. a Year, from Appointment to 5th July 1832, shall be then paid to him out of the

paying, and receiving sufficient to pay, all such Sum and Sums of Money as may have been charged thereupon by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, to the said Clerk of the Crown of the Court of King's Bench such Sum and Sums of Money as, together with the Fees received and paid to the said Clerk of the Crown in pursuance of this Act, shall be sufficient to make the yearly Salary and Emoluments of the said Clerk of the Crown amount to the Sum of Nine hundred Pounds, clear of all Deductions whatsoever, commencing from the Date of his Appointment.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Crown of the Court of King's Bench shall within Fourteen Days next after the Fifth of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two deliver to the said Court of King's Bench One or more Account or Accounts, signed with his Name and Hand, wherein shall be set out all and every Sums and Sum of Money received by him, or by his Assistant, or any Clerk or other Person for his Use or by or under his Authority or with his Privity, for or on account or by reason of the Fees or pecuniary Profits of, or by or under colour of, the said Office of Clerk of the Crown of the said Court of King's Bench, and also all and every the Sums from Time to Time paid by him thereout to Copying Clerks and for other official Expences, from and after the Appointment of such Clerk of the Crown up to the said Fifth Day of July in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two; and that within Fourteen Days after the Tenth Day of October in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, and in like Manner within Fourteen Days next after the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October in each and every Year, such Clerk of the Crown for the Time being shall deliver to the said Court of King's Bench a like Account of all and every such Sum and Sums of Money so received and so paid out as aforesaid in the Quarter of a Year ending on the said Days respectively; and the Justices of the said Court, or any Two of them, shall examine the said Accounts, and shall certify to the Vice Treasurer of Ireland for the Time being the Amount of the several Sums of Money which shall be ascertained to have been so received and so paid out, upon the Examination of the said Clerk of the Crown, and of such Assistant Clerk or Copying Clerks, or other Persons, as the said Justices shall think fit to examine touching the same; and such Justices are hereby authorized and empowered, if they shall think fit, to examine upon Oath or Affirmation the said Clerk of the Crown, Assistant Clerk, Copying Clerks, or other Person, touching the said Accounts, or any Matter connected therewith.

X. And be it further enacted, That in whatever Sum the whole Amount which shall have been received by or payable to the said Clerk of the Crown in respect of his said Office, between the Day of his Appointment thereto and the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, (after deducting thereout the Sums paid to Copying Clerks, and for other the necessary official Expences, as aforesaid,) shall fall short of the Proportion of Salary accruing due to the said Clerk of the Crown, such Salary being computed at the aforesaid Rate of Nine hundred Pounds a Year, the same shall be the Sum to be issued and paid

to

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV,

C. 48.

213

to him out of the said Consolidated Fund for the Period between the Time of his Appointment and the said Fifth Day of.July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two; and that from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, in whatever Sum the whole Amount which shall have been so received or shall have been payable to the said Clerk of the Crown in respect of his said Office within the Quarter of a Year ending on the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, or within any Subsequent Quarter of a Year comprised in any such Account, (after deducting thereout the Sums paid to Copying Clerks, and for other necessary official Expences, as aforesaid,) shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred and twenty-five Pounds, the same shall be the Sum to be issued for the Quarter for which such Account shall be delivered, and shall be computed and ascertained so as to make up the net Salary and pecuniary Profits of the said Clerk of the Crown to the quarterly Sum of Two hundred and twenty-five Pounds; and every such Certificate of the said Judges shall be produced to and entered at the Office of the Vice Treasurer of Ireland; and the Sums payable under or by virtue of such Certificate shall be issued and paid out of the said Consolidated Fund as if the Sums so to be ascertained had been specially mentioned and set forth in this Act.

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever and so often as it shall appear, by any Account to be delivered as aforesaid under the Provisions of this Act, and by the Certificate of the Justices of the said Court of King's Bench, or any Two of them, to be made in pursuance of this Act, that the Sums received by or payable to any such Clerk of the Crown in any Quarter of a Year ending on such Days as aforesaid (after deducting thereout the Sums paid to Copying Clerks, and for necessary official Expences, as aforesaid,) shall exceed the said clear Sum of Two hundred and twenty-five Pounds, the Clerk of the Crown who shall deliver in such Account as aforesaid shall, within Seven Days next after the Date of such Certificate, pay or cause to be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer in Ireland the Amount of all such Sum and Sums of Money received by or payable to him, exceeding such Sum of Two hundred and twenty-five Pounds; and such Sums so to be paid shall be carried to and made Part of the said Consolidated Fund: Provided also, that in case the Sums received by or payable to any Clerk of the Crown (after making the Deduction aforesaid for Copying Clerks and official Expences) for and during the Period which may elapse between the Time of his Appointment to the said Office and the Quarter Day next succeeding shall exceed the rateable Proportion of the said yearly Salary of Nine hundred Pounds due to such Clerk for such Period, the Amount of such Sums (subject to such Deduction) exceeding such Proportion of the said Salary shall be paid and carried to the said Consolidated Fund, in like Manner, and subject to the like Regulations and Provisions, as before provided in case of other Surplus or Excess at any Time arising.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Clerk of the Crown shall at any Time neglect or make Default in

P 3 delivering

Consolidated Fund, and after, wards such Salary shall be paid in same Manner quar. terly.

Any Excess above 2251. quarterly shall be paid by Clerk of the Crown into the Exchequer, and carried to Consolidated Fund.

Excess accruing on first Quarter Day after Appointment to be paid over in same Manner.

Clerk of the Crown shall pay Twenty per

214

C. 48.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Cent. Interest delivering in such Account as herein-before directed to the said in case of Ne- Court of King's Bench within the Periods aforesaid respectively gleet in deliver- Specified for that Purpose, or in paying into the Receipt of the orgDehyUofS* Exchequer in Ireland such Balance or Surplus as aforesaid for paying Balance the Space of Seven Days after the Date of said Certificate, then into Exchequer, and in every such Case such Clerk of the Crown shall pay into the said Exchequer, together with such Balance as aforesaid. Interest for the same at the Rate of Twenty Pounds per Centum per Annum from the Expiration of the said Period of Seven Days until paid as aforesaid; and such Clerk of the Crown shall be by the said Court suspended from his Office, and the Emoluments thereof, until such Sum and Interest shall be paid, or such Clerk shall be removed from his said Office, at the Discretion of the said Court.

XIII. And to the end that the Payment of such Balance may be ascertained, be it further enacted, That upon Payment of such Balance an Acquittance or Discharge for the same shall be signed by the proper Officer in the said Exchequer, and produced and exhibited by the said Clerk of the Crown to the said Court of King's Bench with the next ensuing Quarter's Account; and the said Court are hereby required to demand and have the same so produced to them before they shall certify any subsequent Account for such Clerk of the Crown in manner herein-before directed.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Clerk of the Crown of the said Court of King's Bench shall employ One Chief or Assistant Clerk, removable at his Pleasure, to superintend the preparing of all Office Copies, and otherwise to aid in the Discharge of the Duties of the said Office; and from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two there shall be issued and paid, out of the said Consolidated Fund, by such quarterly Payments as aforesaid, to such Assistant Clerk of the Crown, the annual Sum of One hundred Pounds, clear of all Deductions, as and for the Salary and Remuneration of such Chief or Assistant Clerk.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Clerk of the Crown in the said Court of King's Bench to accept of any Sum of Money, or Security for Money, or to stipulate for or receive any Share or Proportion of the Profits

A^SanTcierk t^le sa^ of Assistant Clerk, or receive any other valuable

Consideration whatsoever, as and for a Consideration for the Appointment of any Person whatsoever to the said Office; and if any Clerk of the Crown shall herein offend, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, he shall for any such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and shall also forfeit his said Office.

Neither Clerk

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful nor Assistant to for the Clerk of the Crown, nor for his Assistant, to be appointed, hold any other under the Provisions of this Act, to hold or exercise the Duties of any other Office or Place whatsoever, nor to practise as an Attorney or Solicitor in any Court of Law or Equity in Ireland, either separately or in Partnership with any other Person, under pain of forfeiting the said Office of Clerk of the Crown, or the said Office of Assistant to such Clerk, as the Case may be.

Acquittances for Payment into Exchequer shall be produced to Judges by Clerk of the Crown.

Clerk of the Crown to employ an Assistant Clerk, with a Salary of 100/. payable out of Consolidated Fund.

Clerk of the Crown not to accept of any thing for the

Office, nor to practise.

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 48.

215

XVII. And be it farther enacted, That if the said Clerk of the Crown or his Assistant shall die in the course of any Quarter, or shall have held his Office or Situation during Part only of any Quarter, such Clerk of the Crown or Assistant, or his Executors or Administrators, shall be entitled to receive a rateable Proportion of the Salary of such Office for the Part of such Quarter during which such Officer held such Office s Provided always, that the said Court of Kings Bench shall, in case of the Death of the Clerk of the Crown as aforesaid, ascertain, by Inspection of the Books herein-before directed to be kept in the Office of the said Clerk of the Crown, the Amount of the several Sums and Sum of Money, subject to the Deduction aforementioned for Copying Clerks and official Expences, which may have been received by or be payable to such deceased Clerk of the Crown, and thereupon certify, in manner herein-before directed, upon Examination of the quarterly Accounts to be rendered by the Clerk of the Crown, the Amount proper to be issued to make up the Proportion of Salary which may have accrued due to the said deceased Clerk of the Crown, under the Provisions of this Act, for the Portion of the current Quarter elapsed previous to the Period of his Decease; and the Successor of such Clerk of the Crown so dying shall be entitled to the Residue of the Salary of the said Office accruing due from the Period of his Appointment as such Successor, and the Amount thereof shall be ascertained and certified in like Manner as herein-before provided in the Case of the Clerk of the Crown who may be first appointed, under the Provisions of this Act, previous to the Fifth Day of Judy One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Crown of the said Court of King's Bench shall execute the Duty of his said Office in person: Provided nevertheless, that in case of Sickness or other unavoidable Absence it shall and may be lawful to and for such Clerk of the Crown, by Deputation in Writing under his Hand and Seal, subject to and with the Consent and Approbation of the Chief Justice of the said Court, signified by an Indorsement in Writing under the Hand of such Chief Justice, to appoint some discreet and proper Person, approved of by the said Chief Justice, to execute the Duties of such Office during the Period of such Sickness or unavoidable Absence, and no longer.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Clerk of the Crown shall, by reason of Accident or Infirmity, be unable to execute such Deputation in Writing as aforesaid, or whenever the said Office of Clerk of the Crown in the said Court of King's Bench shall become vacant by Removal or Suspension of such Officer, or howsoever otherwise, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the Chief Justice of the said Court to appoint some fit and proper Person to execute the Duty of such Office ad interim, or until a new Officer shall be appointed under the Provisions of this Act; and every such Person so appointed shall be to all Intents and Purposes a complete Officer, according to the Terms of such Appointment: Provided always, that such Appointee shall not be entitled to any greater Proportion of the Salary or Emoluments of such Office than shall be

P \ specified

In Cases of Officer dying, &c. Executors entitled to Proportion of Quarter's Salary.

Duties of Office shall be executed in person by Clerk of Crown, or, in case of Illness, &c. by Deputation, appointed with Consent of Chief Justice.

In case of Incapacity of Principal to appoint, Chief Justice may appoint a Person to execute Office till Vacancy is supplied.

216

C. 48.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1838.

Court may remove or fine Officers for Misconduct.

Suitors, &c. not compelled to take Copies of Records, &c.

Clerk of CiWn shall keep Writing Clerks in his Office, and pay them 1per Office Sheet.

Clerk of Crown shall not permit Copies to be made elsewhere than in his Office by such Copying Clerks;

Penalty 201-

specified in the Order under which he may be appointed, and which Proportion the said Chief Justice is required to fix and specify therein.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of King's Bench, upon Complaint made by Motion, to inquire summarily into the Matter of such Complaint, either by vivd voce Examination or upon Affidavit, or otherwise, as it shall deem fitting, and to suspend or absolutely remove any Clerk of the Crown, or the Assistant of any such Clerk respectively, for any Malversation of Duty or Misconduct in the said Office, and thereupon such Officer shall cease to hold or be entitled to such Office, as if, in the Case of any Clerk of the Crown so removed, the Letters Patent appointing such Officer had been revoked; and the said Court shall also have Power and Authority, upon summary Complaint and Inquiry as aforesaid, without removing such Officer, to inflict upon such Officer for any minor Offence such Punishment by way of Fine as to the said Court shall seem expedient.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Suitor in the said Court, nor any other Person, shall in any Case be required to take out any Copy of an}' Record, Pleading, Information, Indictment, Writ, Return, Deposition, Affidavit, or other Document or Proceeding whatsoever; and the taking or not taking any Copy whatsoever shall be entirely optional.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Clerk of the Crown shall, as the same shall be necessary, employ in the said Crown Office of the Court of King's Bench a sufficient Number of Writing Clerks to make Copies of Informations, Indictments, Writs, Returns, Depositions, and other Things belonging to the said Office, and required by and on behalf of the Suitors of the said Court, and of all other Persons anywise concerned in Proceedings before the same, and to do and perform all other Business requisite to be done and performed in such Office, so that the Business of any such Suitor or Person shall not be unnecessarily delayed therein; and such Clerk of the Crown shall pay to every such Writing Clerk after the Rate of not less than One Penny Halfpenny for every Office Sheet consisting of Seventy-two Words of every such Copy made by such Clerk, and for a Part or Portion of any Office Sheet; and it shall not be lawful for any. such Clerk of the Crown to caiise or direct or knowingly permit any such Copy, or any Part thereof, to be made in any other Place or by any other Person than in the proper Office of such Clerk of the Crown in the said Court of King's Bench, save as herein-after excepted, and by a Writing Clerk employed in such Office, and paid exclusively by such Clerk of the Crown after the Rate aforesaid at the least; and every such Clerk of the Crown shall be responsible for the Accuracy of every Copy sa made in his Office, and for the same being duly compared with the Original from which it shall be made; and every such Clerk of the Crowri who shall cause or direct or knowingly permit any Copy to be made contrary to this Act, or who shall not pay the Writing Clerk for writing the same according to the Rate by this Act directed, at the least, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

A.D. 182.

2° GULIELMI IV. C. 48i

217

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if at any Time it shall be ascertained, by Affidavit or otherwise, to the Satisfaction of the Court of King's Bench, that such Clerk of the Crown hath not in his Office sufficient Room for the reasonable Accommodation of himself and his Assistant, and a sufficient Number of Copying Clerks, to do and perform the Business so required to be done in such Office as aforesaid, then in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Court to make an Order declaring that the same has been so proved, and that it shall be lawful for such Officer to cause or direct or permit any such Copy, or any Part thereof, to be made in any Place whatsoever or by any Person whomsoever; and every such Order shall be good and valid, and shall be a sufficient Justification in all respects to any Person acting in pursuance thereof, for One Year from the Date thereof, unless sooner rescinded; and such Order shall and may be renewed from Time to Time, until by reason of new Buildings or new Arrangements, or otherwise, sufficient Room shall have been obtained for the Purposes in that Behalf aforesaid.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in every Copy or Enrolment of any Pleading, Record, Matter, or Proceeding which shall issue from the said Office, there shall in each Office Sheet thereof be Seventy-two Words, and no more, save only and except when there shall be but One Office Sheet in such Copy or Enrolment, or if there shall be more than One, then save and except in the last Sheet thereof; and in any of the said Cases such single or last Sheet may contain any Number of Words not exceeding Seventy-two Words, and shall and may be charged for as an entire Sheet.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every Roll within the Meaning of this Act shall consist of Seven hundred and twenty Words; and that there shall not in any Enrolment be more than One fractional Part of a Roll, which fractional Part shall be either the Conclusion or the Entire of such Enrolment: and if such fractional Part shall contain Three hundred and sixty Words or more, the same shall be deemed and taken to be a Roll, and charged for accordingly, and if the same shall not contain Three hundred and sixty Words, the same shall be deemed and taken to be a Half Roll, and charged for accordingly.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in every Copy whatsoever which shall issue from the said Office, the Charge or Fee whereupon is or are or shall or may be lawfully computed according to the Contents, all Sums of Money, and Dates of the Year and Days of the Month, and Numbers, shall be expressed in Figures, and shall be charged as if the same were expressed in Figures and not in Words, in manner and according to the Directions following; (that is to say,) One Pound, or any Number of Pounds, shall be charged as One Word; One Shilling, or any Number of Shillings, shall be charged as One Word; One or more Penny or Pence, whether with or without any Fraction of a Penny, shall be charged as One Word, whether the same shall occur singly or shall be combined in any Mode or Form whatsoever; and any definite Number whatever shall be charged as One Word, and no more.

In case of Want of Room, Two Justices may allow Copies to be made out of Office.

Office Sheets shall contain Seventy-two Words.

Roil shall contain?^ Words; less than 360 Words a Half Roll.

In all Copies, ' Sums, Dates, and Numbers shall be expressed in Figures, and charged as such.

C. 48.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Charge of Fees shall be endorsed on all Copies and Documents.

Chaise of Documents not so endorsed shall not be allowed on Taxation of Costs.

Clerk of the Crown shall proceed in Accounts, Inquiries, &c. peremptorily on first Summons.

Clerk of the Crown authorized to take

and to administer Affidavits.

XXVII. And be it farther enacted, That upon the Back of all Copies, Ingrossments, Exemplifications, and Writings which shall be issued from the said Office of the said Court, there shall be endorsed and written by the said Clerk of the Crown, or his principal Assistant Clerk, the full Amount of all Office Fees charged on such Copy, Ingrossment, Exemplification, or Writing respectively, and the Rate of such Fees, and the Mode of Charge according to which such Fees shall be computed, and the Number of Sheets or Rolls on which such Fees shall be charged or calculated; and upon any Taxation of Costs between Party and Party, or between Attorney and Client, such Copy, Ingrossment, Exemplification, or Writing shall be produced before the taxing Officer in all Cases where it shall appear to him practicable; and it shall not be lawful for the taxing Officer to allow any Charge of any Solicitor or Attorney with respect to any such Document so produced upon which the Amount and Rate of Fees shall not be so endorsed, but that all and every such Charge shall be struck out of the Bills of such Solicitor or Attorney by such taxing Officer.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That on any Account or Inquiry, or other Matter whatsoever, which shall be referred to or shall be depending before said Clerk of the Crown, or which said Clerk of the Crown shall have Authority or Power to proceed in or to determine or report upon, and for, upon, or relative to which it shall be necessary or proper to summon any Party or Parties or Person or Persons whomsoever, such Clerk of the Crown shall proceed peremptorily on the first Summons which shall appear to him to have been duly served, and shall, at the Time and Place appointed in such Summons, hear the Parties if they shall attend; and if only one Party shall attend, and the other Party shall make Default, and no sufficient Excuse for such Default shall be laid before such Clerk of the Crown, he shall then proceed ex parte, in like Manner as such Clerk of Crown would, according to the Practice heretofore used, have proceeded upon a third or peremptory Summons; and the Proceedings, Report, or Decision of such Officer upon such Account, Inquiry, or other Matter whatsoever, shall be subject to the Order, Direction, and Controul of the said Court of King's Bench in all respects as heretofore.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Clerk of the Crown, and he is hereby authorized and directed, whenever he shall be thereunto required, (except on Sundays, Good Friday, and Christmas Day,) to take Recognizances to prosecute, or on Certiorari, or on Articles of the Peace, or on Attachments for Contempts, and also to take and administer Affidavits or Affirmations in all Matters relating to the Business of the Crown Side of the said Court of King's Bench, and to administer the necessary Oaths or Affirmations for1 that Purpose; and all such Recognizances, Oaths, Affidavits, and Affirmations shall be of the same Force, Validity, and Effect, and shall and may be estreated, proceeded upon, and dealt with, in all respects, and to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been taken, made, or administered by or before the said Court or any of the Justices thereofand any Person who shall

wilfully

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV,

C. 48 *

219

wilfully or corruptly swear or affirm any thing false in any such Affidavits or Affirmations so taken or administered by the said Clerk of the Crown shall be subject to all Pains, Penalties, Punishments, and Disabilities for wilful and corrupt'Perjury in like Manner in all respects as if such Affidavits or Affirmations had been made or taken by or in the said Court of King's Bench, or by or before any of the Judges thereof; and that it shall not be considered a Part of the Duty of the Judges of the said Court to take such Recognizances, or any Affidavit or Affirmation, touching or concerning the Business of the Crown Side of such Court, except on their Circuits, or in Cases where they or any of them shall think fit and proper so to do.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in taxing all such Bills of Costs as the said Clerk of the Crown to be appointed under this Act may, by virtue of any Order of Reference of the said Court of King's Bench, or any other Court, or otherwise howsoever, in the Discharge of the Duties of such Office, have Power and Authority to be lawfully required to tax, he shall, before allowing any such Bill of Costs any Fee or Payment to any Counsel or Officer of the Court, require to see the Documents necessary to ascertain (when the same can be conveniently produced) that such Counsel has been actually employed, received such Fee, and that the Fee or Payment to any such Officer has been the right and proper Fee, and has been actually paid; and if it shall appear that any One Charge either for Counsel, Attorney, Officer, or other Disbursement hath been united with any other Charge in One Sum, then such ynited Charges shall be altogether disallowed; and it shall be the bounden Duty of such Clerk of the Crown, in all such Taxations of Bills of Costs, to examine and ascertain, by all reasonable Methods, and, if necessary, by Examination on Oath (which he is for that Purpose authorized to administer) , the Correctness and Reasonableness of each and every Charge, whether objected to or not, and to determine upon all Charges made by any Officer of the Court, and to allow only such as may to such Clerk of the Crown appear to be the Right of every such Officer, and also to determine whether any Attendance, or other Business, Matter, or Thing for which any Charge shall be made, actually took place or was actually performed, and whether the same was, under the Circumstances, proper and necessary; and no Item or Sum shall be allowed for Agency; and before proceeding upon any Taxation of Costs the said Clerk of the Crown shall, save where such Costs are payable by the Crown, issue Summonses to all Parties concerned therein, and shall, in default of Attendance of the Party or Parties summoned, proceed ex parte on the first Summons, the Service thereof being duly proved, and no sufficient Grounds being shown for postponing such Proceeding; and a Copy of every Bill of Costs intended to be taxed shall be delivered to the adverse Party Three Days at the least (Sundays excepted) before the issuing of any Summons for taxing the same; and every Summons to attend the Taxation of such Bill shall be served on the Party required to attend at least Twenty-four Hours before the Time fixed for attending; and the said Clerk of the Crown shall keep

a Book

Clerk of the Crown to observe certain Regulations in taxing Bills of Costs.

C. 48.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Penalties shall be recovered by Action in the Superior Courts at Dublin.

Penalty of Perjury or false Oath.

Act not to bar

Remedies for Misconduct in Officers.

Acts performed by W. Bourne Esquire in execution of Duties of the Office of Clerk of Crown to be valid from Death of Survivor of late Patentees to the Appointment of a Person to said Office under this Act.

a Book in which he shall enter an Account of all Bills of Costs taxed by him, specifying therein the Parties Names, the Date of Taxation, the Charge for Taxation, the Amount of the Bill delivered, and the Amount of Costs allowed and certified on the Taxation; and he shall endorse on each Bill of Costs so taxed the Charge or Fee by him made for such Taxation.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Penalties and Penalty to be incurred and forfeited in pursuance or by virtue of this Act, or any of the Matters herein contained, shall and may be sued for and recovered, by any Person who will sue for the same, by Action of Debt. Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at the Four Courts, Dublin, and not elsewhere, in which no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and that one Moiety of every such Penalty shall be for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Use of the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if in any Oath or Affirmation taken in any Proceeding under Authority of this Act, or required thereby, or by virtue of any Authority derived therefrom, any Person shall swear or affirm falsely, such Person shall, on Conviction thereof, be adjudged guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and shall be punished accordingly.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to limit, abridge, bar, prejudice, or defeat any Action or Indictment, or any Remedy or Proceeding whatsoever, which heretofore might have been brought, found, had, or taken against any Officer, Deputy, or Clerk in the said Office of Clerk of the Crown of the Court of King's Bench in Ireland, for or in respect of any Misconduct in Office which may have occurred or taken place, or which may hereafter take place at any Time; but that all such Actions, Indictments, Remedies, and Proceedings for any such Misconduct may be brought, found, had, or taken as if this Act had never been made.

XXXIV. And whereas the Duties of the said Office of Clerk of the Crown, since the Death of the Survivor of the Two

Persons in whom the same was vested by Patent as aforesaid, 4 have continued to be exercised by Walter Sowne Esquire, the

late Deputy of the said Survivor, and it is necessary to provide for such temporary Discharge of the Duties of the said Office

under the Circumstances aforesaid; be it therefore enacted, That all Acts, Matters, and Things done or to be done, and all Powers and Authorities used and exercised or which shall be used and exercised, by the said Walter Bourne Esquire, or for him and on his Behalf by his Clerks or Assistants, in the Execution of the Duties of the said Office, from the Time of the Decease of the Survivor of the Two Persons in whom such Office was vested up to the Time when a Person shall be appointed to the same under the Provisions of this Act, and which Acts, Matters, or Things, Powers and Authorities, would, if the said Survivor were still living, have been or be valid, legal, and effectual, shall be and the same are hereby confirmed and

11 declared

2° GULIELMI IV. C. 48.

221

declared to be, and the same shall be deemed to hare been and to be, until such new Appointment to be made as aforesaid, as good, valid, legal, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if the said Appointment of the said Walter Bourne as such Deputy as aforesaid had not become void by the Death of the said Survivor, but had remained in full Force and Effect, and that the said Waller Bourne Esquire, his Clerks and Assistants, shall be deemed and taken to have had and to have sufficient Authority to execute the Duties of the said Office of Clerk of the Crown, and shall not be liable to any Penalty, Action, Suit, or Prosecution whatsoever for or on account of any Act or Acts done or to be done by him, them, or any of them, in the Manner aforesaid, in the due Exercise and Execution of the Duties of the said Office, from the Time of the Decease of the said Survivor up to the Time when a Person shall be appointed to fill the said Office under the Provisions of this Act, and no longer.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Clerk of the Crown shall tax all such Costs as he shall by any Order of the said Court of King's Bench be directed to tax, and all such other Costs as have been heretofore usually taxed by the Clerk of the Crown of the said Court of King's Bench (or his Deputy); and the said Salary so provided as aforesaid for the said Clerk of the Crown shall be in lieu of all Fees for Taxation of Costs as well as in lieu of all other Fees and Emoluments whatsoever.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect upon and from the passing thereof.

Clerk of Crown to tax Costs on Order of Court, Sec.

[Commencement of Act.]

SCHEDULE referred to by and made Part of the foregoing Act;

SHOWING

The Fees to be taken for the Performance of all Duties to be discharged in the Crown Office of the Court of King's Bench in Ireland.

For receiving, entering, and filing every Infor-A mation, Indictment, Affidavit, Articles of the [Peace, Writ, with Return, or any other Document - For Copy thereof, if not more than Three Sheets If more, then for each Sheet of Seventy-two Words -

For entering every Rule of the Court

For Copy thereof, and attesting the same when required by the Party -

For entering the Appearance of every Defendant to any Information - For Copy thereof -

For Enrolments of all Pleadings and Proceed,

ings upon Indictments, Informations, Man-damus, &c. for every Roll containing 720 Words, if required to be made up

8

I

£ $ d.

0 3 0

0 2 0

0 0 8

0 2 2

0 4 0

0 2 0

0 2 0

0 10 0

For every Transcript of a Record for Trial by

Nisi Prius, for each Roll containing 720 Words J For Exemplification of an Enrolment upon Quo! warranto, or other Pleading or Proceeding, > per Roll of 720 Words -

For a Search for any Indictment, Information, or other Matter, if above Three Years, for every > Term, where no Copy is required or taken - J If within that Time, for every Term (if) Copy taken Search Fee not to be charged) I For a Search and Certificate of no Cause having! been shown pursuant to any Order or Rule of the Court, or for any other Certificate -

For every Summons to proceed upon a Reference For every Writ of Mandamus or Exigent For every Writ of Certiorari, Attachment, Assistance, to abate Nuisance, Procedendo, or Writ of Execution -

For every Writ of Habeas corpus, Venire, or^v Capias, Subpoena duces tecum, or Distringas I ad respondendum, Venire facias, or Distringas (juratores, or other Writ - -J

For the Examination of every Person on Interrogatories exhibited for Contempt - - /

For Copies of the Depositions taken thereon,

I

nt >

for every Sheet of Seventy-two Words For every Recognizance taken in Court or by the Clerk of the Crown -

For entering any Charter, when required to be

produced or read -J

For entering every Cause returned on Habeas l corpus in the King's Case - /

For entering the Discharge of any one committed for Contempt or other Matter -

Poundage on Money lodged in the Officer's!

Hands, for each Pound -

For entering a Traverse to any Presentment \ of any Grand Jury or to any Information - J For striking a Special Jury, and furnishing each Party with a Copy of the Panel of Forty-eik ' Names as struck, and a Copy of the Panel Twenty-four Special Jurors as struck For attending'Trials at Bar, and performing all\ the Services relating thereto, including bring- I ing down and entering the Record, all Read- I ings or Exhibits, and entering the Verdict, in | lieu of all Fees heretofore taken from the I Plaintiff, per Day - -J

For Attendances before any of the Judges in!

Chamber on any Business relating to the Office J For attending on References from the Court - For drawing a Report -

For signing same -

- j each^v eight (el of j

£ s. d.

0 10 0

0 12 6

0 3 0

0 0 6

0 3 0

0 2 0

0 12 6

0 5 0

0 4 0

0 3 3

0 0 8

0 6 8

0 6 8

0 3 0

0 3 6

0 0 6

1 1 0

2 2 0

3 12 6

0 6 8

0 6 8

0 5 0

0 2 8

2° GULIELMI IV. C. 48, 4, 9.

223

Bill of Costs: On each and every Bill of Costs taxed by the Clerk of the Crown, not being Costs payable by the Crown, where the Sum allowed shall exceed £5 and shall not exceed £20 -

Where the Sum allowed shall exceed £20 and shall not exceed £50 -Where the Sum allowed shall exceed £50 and not exceeding <£100 -

Where the Sum allowed shall exceed <£100

£ s. d.

0 5 0

0 10 0

1 0 0 1 10 0

N.B. — No Fee for Taxation of Costs payable by the Crown.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the Fifty-seventh Year of His Majesty King George the Third, for regulating the Offices of Clerks of the Signet and Privy Seal.

[23d June 1832.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty-seventh Year of 57 G. 3. c. 63.

the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, to

regulate the Offices of Clerks of the Signet and Privy Seal, it was enacted, that from Time to Time as any of the said Offices

of the Clerks of the Signet and of the Clerks of the Privy Seal respectively should become vacant, upon the Termination of the then existing Interests therein respectively, it should be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland,

for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, and they were thereby authorized and required, to regulate the Duties and Establishments of the Offices so becoming vacant, so as that the said Duties should be performed in person by such Number of fit and proper Persons, to be appointed by the Persons authorized to appoint such respective Clerks, as the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them,

should deem fit, with such Salaries and Emoluments as should be ordered and appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, in that Behalf: And whereas it is expedient that the Powers given by the said recited Act to the said Lord High Treasurer, or the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, for the Time being, should be extended; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing Offices of Clerks of this Act, from Time to Time as any of the said Offices of the the Signet Clerks of the Signet and of the Clerks of the Privy Seal respec- and Pr!v>* tively shall become vacant, or in case any of such Offices shall be ^abolished m vacant at the Time of the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful Vacancies for the said Lord High Treasurer, or the said Commissioners of occur.

His

224

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Money arising from Salaries, &c. of Offices abolished to be carried to and made Part of Consolidated Fund.

General and Subdivision Meetings relating to the Militia suspended.

Proceedings may be had during such Suspension by Order in Council,

C. 49, 60.

His Majesty 8 Treasury, for the Time being, or aqy Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized, to abolish any such Office or Offices respectively which at the Time of the passing of this Act shall be or which shall hereafter become vacant, and to direct that the Duties of the said Office or Offices so respectively abolished shall be executed and performed by the remaining Clerks in the said Offices respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money arising from Salaries, Fees, or Emoluments which would have accrued and been payable to the Person or Persons holding any such Office or Offices so abolished if the same had been continued shall, by the Orders and Directions of the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, (which Orders and Directions the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to make and give for that Purpose,) be carried to and paid into and make Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury shall and they are hereby empowered to allow such Sums to be retained out of the Amount of such Salaries, Fees, or Emoluments as may appear to him or them necessary for defraying the Expences of executing the Office or Offices so abolished.

CAP. L.

An Act to suspend until the End of the next Session of

Parliament the making of Lists and the Ballots and

Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

[23d June 1832.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to suspend for a further Period the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all General and Subdivision Meetings relating to the Militia of the United Kingdom, and all Proceedings relating to the procuring any Returns or preparing or making out Lists for such Militia, or any Part thereof, or relating to the ballotting for or enrolling any Militia Men or Substitutes, or supplying any Vacancies in such Militia, shall cease and remain suspended until the End of the next Session of Parliament; any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order in Council, to direct that any Proceedings shall be had at any Time before the Expiration of such Period as aforesaid, either for the giving of Notices and making Returns and preparing Lists, and also for the proceeding to ballot and enrol Men for the filling up Vacancies in the Militia of the United Kingdom, or any Part thereof, as His Majesty shall deem expedient; and upon the issuing of any such Order

all

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV

325

C. 50, 51i

all such Proceedings shall be had for carrying into execution all the Provisions of the Acts in force in England, Scotland, and Ireland respectively, relating to the giving Notices for and Returns of Lists, and for the ballotting and enrolling of Men to supply any Vacancies in the Militia, and holding General and Subdivision Meetings for such Purpose at such Time respectively as shall be expressed in any such Order in Council, or by any Directions given in pursuance thereof to the Lord Lieutenant, or Deputy Lieutenants acting for Lord Lieutenants of the several Counties, Shires, Ridings, Cities, and Places in Great Britain, or to the Governors and Deputy Governors of Counties and Places in Ireland, or to the Warden and Special Deputy Wardens of the Stannaries; and all the Provisions of the several Acts in force in England) Scotland) and Ireland respectively, relating to the Militia, and Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon) shall upon any such Order, and Direction given in pursuance thereof, become and be in full Force and be carried into Execution at the Period specified in such Order or Direction as aforesaid, with all such Penalties and Forfeitures for any Neglect thereof, as fully as if such Periods had been fixed in the Acts relating to such Militia and Miners.

III. And be it enacted, That this Act, and all the Clauses, Provisions, Directions, and Authorities therein contained, shall be construed to extend to the Warden and Special Deputy Wardens of the Stannaries, and Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon, as fully as if they were respectively and severally repeated in every such Clause, Provision, Direction, and Authority.

CAP. LI.

An Act to regulate the Practice and the Fees in the Vice

Admiralty Courts Abroad, and to obviate Doubts as to

their Jurisdiction.

[23d June 1832.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Provision should be made

* for the Regulation of the Practice to be observed in the Suits and Proceedings in the Courts of Vice Admiralty in His Majesty's Possessions Abroad, and for the Establishment of ' Fees to be allowed and taken in the said Courts by the respec-

tive Judges, Officers, and Practitioners therein s' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Council, from Time to Time to make and ordain such Rules and Regulations as shall be deemed expedient touching the Practice to be observed in Suits and Proceedings in the several Courts of Vice Admiralty at present or hereafter to be established in any of His Majesty's Possessions Abroad, and likewise from Time to Time to make, ordain, and establish Tables of Fees to be taken or received by the Judges, Officers, and Practitioners in the said Courts, for all Acts to be done therein, and also from Time to Time, as shall be found expedient, to alter any such Rules, Regulations, and Fees, and to make any new Regulations and Table or Tables of Fees; and

2 Gul. IV. Q that

Act to extend to the Stannaries.

His Majesty empowered to make Regulations and establish Fees in the Vice Admiralty Courts Abroad.

226

C. 51 *

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Regulations and Fees to be inrolled in the respective Courts.

The Tables of Fees to be laid before the House of Commons.

Fees so established to be the only lawful Fees.

Copies of the Regulations and Tables of Fees to be hung up in each Court.

Appeal to the High Court of Admiralty in Cases of Costs.

Vice Admiralty Courts to have Jurisdiction in certain Maii-time Causes.

that all such Rules, Regulations, and Fees, after the same shall have been so made and established or altered, from Time to Time be entered or inrolled in the Public Books or Records of the said Courts, so far as such Practice and Fees shall relate or apply to each of such Courts respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That a Copy of every Table of Fees so to be from Time to Time made and established or altered shall be laid before the House of Commons within Three Calendar Months next after the making and Establishment or Alteration thereof respectively, if Parliament shall be then sitting, and if not, then within One Calendar Month next after the subsequent Meeting of Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted, That the several Fees so to be established, and no other, shall, from and after the making and Establishment thereof, and the Entry and Inrolment thereof as aforesaid, be deemed and taken to be the lawful Fees of the several Judges, Officers, Ministers, and Practitioners of the said respective Courts; and such Fees only shall and may be demanded, received, and taken accordingly.

IV. And to the Intent that all such Regulations and Fees may be promulgated and publicly made known, be it further enacted, That the Judge and Registrar of every such Court shall cause to be kept constantly hung up and preserved in some conspicuous Part of every such Court, and in the Office of the Registrar, a Copy of the Table of Fees so to be from Time to Time ordained and established in such Courts respectively, so that the said Table may be seen and read by all Persons having any Business in any such Court and Office respectively; and that the Books or Records containing the Entries of the said Regulations and Tables of Fees, as the same shall be in force, shall be at all seasonable Times open to the Inspection of the Practitioners and Suitors in every such Court.

V. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which Proceedings may be had in any of the said Vice Admiralty Courts, if any Person shall feel himself aggrieved by the Charges made by any of the Officers or Practitioners therein, and the Allowance thereof by such Vice Admiralty Court, by reason that such Charges are not warranted by the Tables herein-before mentioned, it shall be lawful for such Person or his Agent, under the Regulations to be established in pursuance of the Powers given by this Act, by summary Application to the High Court of Admiralty to have the said Charges taxed by the Authority thereof.

VI. And whereas in certain Cases Doubts may arise as to the ' Jurisdiction of Vice Admiralty Courts in His Majesty's Possessions Abroad, with respect to Suits for Seamen s Wages, Pilot- age, Bottomry, Damage to a Ship by Collision, Contempt in ' Breach of the Regulations and Instructions relating to His Majesty's Service at Sea, Salvage, and Droits of Admiralty; be it therefore enacted, That in all Cases where a Ship or Vessel, or the Master thereof, shall come within the local Limits of any Vice Admiralty Court, it shall be lawful for any Person to commence Proceedings in any of the Suits herein-before mentioned in such Vice Admiralty Court, notwithstanding the Cause of

Action

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV,

C. 51, 52.

227

Action may have arisen out of the local Limits of such Court, and to carry on the same in the same Manner as if the Cause of Action had arisen within the said Limits.

CAP. LII.

An Act to promote the Improvement of a District of Mountain Land in the Counties of Limerick, Cork, and Kerry, in Ireland, by making new Roads through the same, and to encourage the Employment of the poor Inhabitants thereof.

[23d June 1832.]

WHEREAS His Majesty in right of His Crown is seised of

* a Tract of Mountain Land called the Lands of Pobble 1 O'Keefe, situated in thq, North-western Quarter of the Barony c of Ihdiallow in the County of Cork, and lying nearly in the Centre of a District which extends over Parts of the several

Counties of Limerick, Cork, and Kerry, and contains about Two

hundred square Miles of Land, for the most Part uninclosed and undrained, although the same be capable of profitable Cultivation: And whereas the Inhabitants of the said District, from ' Want of an adequate Demand for their Labour, live in a State ' of great Misery and Destitution: And whereas it hath been (recommended that the said Lands of Pobble O'Keefe should be

drained, inclosed, fenced, and divided into small Farms, and

suitable Buildings and other necessary Works erected thereon,

under the immediate Direction and Management of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forest, Land Revenues,

Works, and Buildings, for the Purpose of encouraging the (undertaking of similar Improvements on the Lands of other

Proprietors of the said District, whereby remunerative Employ-

ment may be provided for the numerous poor Inhabitants ' thereof, and a permanent Amelioration of their Condition ' effected: And whereas the great Bar to the making of such

Improvements with Profit is occasioned by the Want of Carriage ' Roads through the said District, and convenient Means of Communication with the surrounding Country; and the Inhabitants of the District, from their extreme Poverty, are unable to ' provide sufficient Funds to defray the Expence of opening such Communications: And whereas, to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works,

and Buildings forthwith to undertake and prosecute the proposed

Improvements on the said Lands of Pobble O'Keefe, and to promote the Attainment of the other beneficial Objects before

mentioned, it is expedient that the Roads, Bridges, and other Works herein-after mentioned should be made and constructed, ' under the Direction of the said Commissioners, and that a Sum

of Money should be granted out of the Produce of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown in Ireland in aid of other Sums to be provided towards defraying the Costs of those ' Services by the respective Grand Juries of the Counties of Cork and Kerry, in the Manner and under the Regulations hereinafter mentioned concerning the same; be it therefore enacted fcy the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice *nd Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

Q 2 in

C. 52.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 18S2

Grand Juries of Counties of Cork and Kerry may make Presentments for Purposes of this Act.

Advances to be paid into the Bank of Ireland.

Bank Certificates of Receipt of Monies from Treasurers a sufficient Discharge.

Presentments not to be traversed.

Bank of Ireland to open a new Account

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Grand Juries of the Counties of Cork and Kerry, on Application being made to them in Writing by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, at any Assizes to present any Sum or Sums of Money to be raised for the Purposes of this Act, and to direct in such Presentments that such Sum or Sums of Money shall be raised and levied, either by One entire Assessment or by half-yearly Instalments of not less than Sixteen Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four-pence on every Hundred Pounds so presented, and to set forth in such Presentments what Part thereof shall be raised upon any Barony or Baronies, or Half Barony or Half Baronies, or Parish or Parishes, in the said Counties, or on the said Counties at large respectively; and that the respective Treasurers of the said Counties shall and they are hereby authorized and required, from Time to Time, without further Authority or Presentment in that Behalf, to insert in their Warrants at each ensuing Assizes such Instalment or Instalments of the whole Sums so presented, until the same shall be fully raised and levied; and that the Sums inserted in such Warrants shall be raised and levied from and off the Baronies, Half Baronies, or Parishes named in such Presentments and Warrants respectively, or on the Counties at large respectively, in like Manner, from Time to Time, and with like Remedy in case of Nonpayment, as all other Money directed by any Warrant of such Treasurers respectively is by Law to be or may be levied.

II. And be it enacted, That the respective Treasurers of the said Counties of Cork and Kerry shall pay or cause to be paid all such Sum or Sums of Money to be collected by or under the Authority of every such Presentment aforesaid, when and as the same shall be received, into the Bank of Ireland, to the Credit of the Account herein-after directed to be opened.

III. And be it enacted, That in respect of any Sum of Money paid into the said Bank of Ireland by the Treasurers of the Counties of Cork and Kerry respectively, in pursuance of this Act, a Certificate of the Payment and Receipt of such Sum or Sums, signed by any One of the Cashiers of the said Bank, (which Certificate is hereby required to be given without Fee or Reward,) shall be an effectual Discharge for the Money therein expressed to be received to the Treasurer of the County on whose Behalf or in whose Name the same shall have been so paid.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Traverse to any such Presentment aforesaid shall be allowed or received; and that after any such Presentment shall have been made and fiated, the same shall forthwith be certified to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings by the acting Clerk of the Crown; and it shall not be lawful for any Grand Jury to restrain the Preparation and Issue of the Warrants which the Treasurer of such Grand Jury ought from Time to Time to prepare and issuccessormably with the Provisions of this Act.

V. And be it enacted, That the Governors and Directors of the Bank of Ireland shall and they are hereby required to open a

new

2° GULIELMI IV. C. 52.

229

new Account in their Books with the Commissioners of His with Commis- Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, sioners of to be distinguished as " The Account of the said Commissioners Woods, &c for in the Matter of the new Cork and Kerry Roads," and shall ^aT* carry to the Credit of such Account all the Monies by this Act directed to be paid in to the Credit thereof, and shall make Payments, to the Debit of such Account, of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall from Time to Time be required by Order under the Hands of the said Commissioners.

VI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commis- Three new sioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, Roads and and Buildings to cause such Surveys, Plans, Specifications, and other Works to Estimates to be made, and to use or consult any Surveys, Plans,

Specifications, or Estimates already made, and to which they of the Commis-have Access, as shall enable them to judge of the most advan- sioners of tageous and convenient Mode of opening the following Lines of Woods, &c. Communication; (that is to say,) a Carriage Road commencing

at or near to Castle Island in the County of Kerry, and leading from thence to or to some Point near to Roskeen Bridge over the River Blackwater in the County of Cork; one other Carriage Road commencing at or near to Skanougk Cross on the High Road from Killamey to Cork, and leading from thence to some Point where the same shall run into and join the said intended Road from Castle Island to Roskeen Bridge; and one other Carriage Road in continuation of the present Road near Mount Infant in the County of Cork, and leading from thence to or to some Point on the Line of the first-mentioned intended Carriage Road, where the said first-mentioned Carriage Road shall intersect the aforesaid Lands of Pobble O'Keefe; and of constructing and completing such Bridges, Gullets, and other incidental Works as shall be necessary for making the said Roads available for the Purposes of Transit and Communication, and to fix upon such Course or Line for the said Roads respectively as shall seem most eligible; and to enter into any Contract or Contracts for the making, constructing, and completing the said several Lines of Road, and the Bridges, Gullets, and other incidental Works, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, with such Civil Engineers or other Persons willing to become Contractors, and with their Sureties, for the due Execution of such Contracts, and to insert such Provisions and Stipulations in such Contracts as to the said Commissioners shall seem advisable; or, at their Discre tion, to appoint and employ Engineers, Surveyors, and other Persons to make, construct, and complete the said Roads, Bridges and other incidental Works, or any of them, under the immediate Direction of the said Commissioners.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Commissioners l&wfiil for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, of Woods, &c. Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, with the Consent and may apply Approbation in Writing of the Lord High Treasurer of the 17»°2°^ outo^ United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or of the Com- th jris^Land missioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, or Revenues for any Three or more of them, from Time to Time, as Occasion the Purposes of shall require, by and out of the annual Income of the Possessions this Act<

and Land Revenues of the Crown in Ireland, or by and out of the

Q 3 Monies

C. 52.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Application of Monies authorized to be raised and granted.

Works not to be commenced until 4, 700/. be provided by Cork, and 2, 300/. by Kerry.

When Hoads and Bridges certified to be completed, the same to be kept in repair at the Expence of the respective Counties.

Monies arising by any Sale or Sales, Exchange or Exchanges of any Part or Parts thereof, or any other Monies in anywise arising from the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown in Ireland, to pay into the Bank of Ireland, to the Credit of the Account herein-before directed to be opened, any Suras of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Seventeen thousand Pounds, to be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Money which shall from Time to Time be paid to the Credit of the Account to be opened as herein-before is directed shall be from Time to Time applied by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, in paying the Expence of Surveys, Plans, and Estimates, and the Amount of Contracts for the making and constructing the Roads, Bridges, Gullets, and other incidental Works herein-before authorized to be made, or any of them, or in paying for the making and constructing the same or any of them otherwise than by Contract, and in paying any other Sums of Money or Expences which shall become payable for the Purposes of this Act or any of them.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings to enter into any Contract for the Construction of the Roads, Bridges, Gullets, and other Works herein-before authorized to be constructed, or otherwise to proceed with the Execution of the said Works or any Part thereof, or to expend or apply any of the Sums of Money which shall or may be placed to the Credit of the Account hereinbefore directed to be opened in the Books of the Bank of Ireland, until there shall have been Presentments made by Grand Juries of the Counties of Cork and Kerry, for the Purposes of this Act, of the several Sums following, at the least; that is to say, the Sum of Four thousand seven hundred Pounds by or on behalf of the County of Cork, and the Sum of Two thousand three hundred Pounds by or on behalf of the County of Kerry; which said several Sums of Four thousand seven hundred Pounds and Two thousand three hundred Pounds it is hereby intended and required shall be provided by the said Counties as their respective Quotas towards defraying the Costs of constructing the said Roads, Bridges, Gullets, and other Works, and exclusive of any other Sums which the said Counties shall or may be required respectively to provide in satisfaction of the Amount of any Presentment or Presentments to be made as herein-after provided, under any Traverse for Damages or Compensation in respect of any Land or Ground which shall be taken, used, or required for the Purposes of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as any Road or Bridge hereby authorized to be made or constructed, or any Part of such Road, shall be completed, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, and they are hereby required, by a Certificate under their Hands, at the next or some subsequent Assizes, to notify to the Grand Jury or respective Grand Juries of the County or respective Counties within which such Road or Bridge, or the Part of such Road which shall be completed,

2° GULIELMI IV. C. 52.

831

pleted, shall be situated, that the same is completed; and from and after such Notification such Road or Bridge, or the Part of such Road the Completion whereof shall be so notified, shall be kept in repair and maintained at the Expence of the County within which the same respectively shall be, in like Manner as public Roads in Ireland, made either wholly or in part at the public Expence, are now kept in repair and maintained.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when any Expence of Bridge made or constructed under the Authority of this Act ^vru]geshbe" shall be situated partly in one County and partly in another, the Cmintiesuo be Expence of repairing and maintaining such Bridge, after such borne equally. Notification as aforesaid of the Completion of the respective Parts

thereof to the Grand Juries of such Counties, shall be defrayed by such Counties respectively in equal Moieties.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Po^er to dig the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Re- makirT^Satis' venues, Works, and Buildings, their Contractors, Agents, Sur- foctiorffor S* veyors, Workmen, and all other Persons by them employed and Damages, authorized, to cut, dig, take, and carry away, or cause to be cut,

dug, taken, or carried away, any Quantity of Stone, Gravel, Earth, or other Materials proper for the Purpose of making any of the Roads or Bridges by this Act authorized to be made, in, upon, out of, or from any Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons whomsoever, where the same can be found; and that such reasonable Satisfaction shall be made to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of such Lands, for the Damages which may be done thereby, as shall be ascertained and determined by Traverse heard before the Justices assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, such Traverse to be made at the next Quarter Sessions in the Barony in which the Work may be situated, due Notice having been given by the Overseers of the Work at least Twenty-one Days previously to such Quarter Sessions, that no more Earth, Stones, Gravel, or other Materials will be required from the Place respecting which the Traverse shall be made; the Amount awarded by the Jury at the Quarter Sessions to be levied off the Barony in which the Road is situated, and a Return of the same to be made to the Clerk of the Peace.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall Not to dig for not be lawful for any Engineer, Surveyor, Overseers, or other Materials until Person or Persons acting under the Authority of the Commis- a?er NotJ5e sioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, or Premises^o61^ and Buildings, to dig, gather, get, take, or carry away any Stone, appear before Gravel, Earth, or other Materials, for making, protecting, and pre- Two Justices, serving the said Roads or Bridges or other Works by this Act authorized to be made or constructed, or for such other Purpose or Purposes as aforesaid, out of or from any inclosed Land or Ground, until Seven Days Notice in Writing shall have been previously given to the Owner or Owners of the Premises from which such Stone, Gravel, Earth, or other Materials are intended ta be taken, or to his or her known Agent, or to the Occupier or Occupiers of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left at the House or last usual Place of Abode of such Owner or Occupier, to appear before any Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the County or Place

Q 4 from

C. 52.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

232

Owner not appearing, &c. Justices to make what Order they think fit.

No Compensation to be made for digging Materials from Wastes or uninclosed Lands.

Power to survey Lands, and take the same for making new Roads and Bridges.

from whence such Materials intended to be taken shall lie, to show Cause why such Stone, Gravel, Earth, or other Materials shall not be taken therefrom; and in case such Owner, Agent, or Occupier shall attend pursuant to such Notice, but shall not show sufficient Cause to the contrary, such Justices shall, if they think proper, authorize such Engineer, Surveyor, or other Person or Persons so employed as aforesaid to dig, get, gather, take and carry away such Stone, Gravel, Earth, or other Materials, at such Time or Times as such Justices shall deem proper; and if such Owner, Agent, or Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or herself, or his or her Agent, the said Justices shall and may (upon Proof on Oath of the Service of such Notice, and which Oath they are hereby empowered to adminis- ter,) make such Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Owner or Occupier or his or her Agents had attended.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein-before contained shall be construed to entitle any Owners, Occupiers, or other Persons to Compensation for Damage by the digging and taking Stone, Gravel, Earth, or other Materials in and from any Wastes, Mountains, or uninclosed Land or Ground, for the Purpose of making the Roads or Bridges by this Act authorized to be made.

XV. And bedt further enacted, That the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings shall and may, and their Agents, Surveyors, Workmen, and all other Persons by them employed and authorized are hereby empowered, at all such Times as to the same Commissioners may seem fit and convenient, to enter into and upon any Lands or Grounds whatsoever which it may be deemed proper or necessary to survey, for the Purpose of making any Road or Bridge, under the Provisions of this Act; and that the said Commissioners, and their Agents, Surveyors, and Workmen, shall have Power and Authority to stake out, take possession of, and acquire all such Ground as may be necessary for making the said Roads and erecting the said Bridges; and after the Land or Ground shall have been so staked out and taken possession of by the said Commissioners, or their Agents, Surveyors, or Workmen, as aforesaid, it shall be lawful to and for the Owners and Occupiers of such Land or Ground respectively to proceed, at the Assizes which shall be held for the County in which such Land or Ground shall be situated next after the same shall be so staked out and taken possession of as aforesaid, to traverse for Damages for the same; and each such Traverse shall be tried at the same or the next ensuing Assizes in and for such County; and the Jury which shall try such Traverse or Traverses shall true Verdict give whether any and what Damages will accrue thereby to the Traverser or Traversers; and such Sum or Sums of Money (if any) which shall be so found for Damages it shall and may be lawful to and for any Grand Jury of such County, and they are hereby required, at the same or the then next ensuing Assizes, to present to be raised on the County, Barony, or Half Barony respectively in which the Traverser or Traversers shall have made it appear that he, she, or they sustained the Damage, to which Pre *

sentment

2° GULIELMI IV. C. 52.

233

gentrnent no Traverse shall be allowed or received; and the Sum or Sums of Money so found and presented, when raised and levied, shall be paid and payable to the respective Traversers by the Treasurers of the same Counties respectively.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Sum of Money shall be paid by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, or by the respective Treasurers of the Counties of Cork and Kerry, to the Credit of the Account to be opened as aforesaid, which shall not be required for the Purposes of this Act, either because the Works intended to be carried into effect under the Authority of this Act shall be completed, or because it shall not be thought fit to proceed further therein, then and in any such Case the Money so paid in by the said Commissioners, and which shall not be wanted as aforesaid, shall be transferred and placed by them to the Credit of the Account of the "Woods and Forests Fund" in the Bank of Ireland; and the Money so paid in by the said respective Treasurers of the said Counties of Cork and Kerry, and which shall not be wanted as aforesaid, shall be drawn out by the said Commissioners, and paid to the said Treasurers respectively on account of the said Counties respectively.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Accounts of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, of the Expenditure and Disposal of the Money which shall be drawn by them from the Account to be opened under the Authority of this Act as aforesaid, shall be examined, tried, and audited, from Time to Time, by the Commissioners appointed under the Authority of the Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for better examining and auditing the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Engineer, Surveyor, Overseer, or other Officer employed under the Authority of this Act by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, shall observe any Nuisances or Encroachments, Obstructions of Ditches, Drains, Gutters, or Watercourses, or any other Annoyances whatsoever, made, committed, or permitted in or upon or to the Prejudice of any Roads or Bridges made or to be made or erected under the Provisions of this Act, or shall observe any Timber, Stone, Lime, Peat, Dung, Soil, Compost, or Ashes deposited or remaining thereon, or if any Person shall turn or dam any Water thereon, or if any Proprietor or Occupier shall neglect at all proper Times to cleanse or scour any Ditches or Watercourses affecting such Roads or Bridges, such Engineer, Surveyor, Overseer, or other Person appointed by the said Commissioners shall give or cause to be given to any Person or Persons doing, committing, or permitting the same, either personal Notice, or Notice in Writing to be left at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode, specifying the Particulars wherein such Nuisances, Encroachments, Obstructions, or Annoyances consist; and if the same shall not be removed and remedied, and the Ditches, Drains, Gutters, and Watercourses effectually cleansed and opened, within Three Days next after such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, it

shall

Power to retransfer any Monies supplied and not appropriated to the Purposes of this Act.

Accounts to be audited by Commissioners of Audit appointed under 25 G.3. c. 68.

For preventing Injuries and Obstructions to the Itoads and Bridges.

254

C. 52.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

For preventing unauthorized Removal of Materials intended to be used for Roads and Bridges.

Application of Penalties.

Proceedings in Actions against Commissioners.

shall be lawful for such Engineer, Surveyor, Overseer, or other Person appointed by the said Commissioners, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and empowered, forthwith to remove such Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances, and to open, cleanse, and scour such Ditches, Drains, Gutters, and Watercourses; and the Person or Persons neglecting to observe and obey the above-mentioned Notice shall pay to such Engineer, Surveyor, Overseer, or other Person employed by the said Commissioners, such Charges as shall be adjudged to be reasonable by any Two Justices of the Peace of the same County wherein such Offence or Nuisance may have been committed or exist, and shall also forfeit, at the Discretion of such Justices, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and in default of Payment of such Charges and Penalty the same shall be levied and recovered, with all Costs attending the levying of the same, by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Two Justices; and in case no sufficient Distress can be had, such Justices are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender to the Gaol or House of Correction for the County or Place in which such Offence shall have been committed, for any Term not exceeding Two Calendar Months.

XIX. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall take, remove, or carry away any Turf, Earth, Sand, Gravel, Stones, or other Material forming Part of any Road, Bridge, Gullet, or Work to be made or constructed under the Provisions of this Act, or any Materials which shall have been gotten, cut, dug, or gathered for the making such Roads, Bridges, and other Works, or, while the same shall be in progress of Construction, shall take or carry away, without Permission in Writing of the Engineer or Surveyor employed in the Construction thereof, any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made, dug, or opened for the Purpose of getting Materials for the said Works, any Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum, not exceeding Ten Pounds, as shall be adjudged by any Two Justices of the Peace of the County wherein the Offence shall have been committed; and in default of immediate Payment of such Penalty such Justices are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender to the Gaol or House of Correction for the County or Place in which such Offence shall have been committed, for any Term not exceeding One t alendar Month.

XX. And be it enacted, That the Monies arising by the Forfeitures or Penalties to be paid or levied by virtue of any such Proceedings as aforesaid shall be paid to the Engineer or Surveyor or other Person appointed by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings to receive the same, and be by them applied for the Purposes of this Act; and every Order of Adjudication of any such Justices of the Peace as aforesaid shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act, until Twenty Days

11 Notice

2° GULIELMI IV. C. 52.

235

Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to the Secretary for the Time being of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods,

Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction, or a Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Months next after the Fact committed; and such Action shall be brought in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland, and shall be laid in the City of Dublin, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to be so done, or if such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time herein-before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought without Twenty Days Notice thereof, or shall be brought in any other Court or laid in any other Place, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in any other Cases by Law.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Evidence shall be Notice of Evi-permitted to be given by the Plaintiff, on Trial of any such Action dence.

as aforesaid, of any Cause of Action except such as shall be contained in the Notice hereby directed to be given.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Commissioners

the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Re- may sue and be venues, Works, and Buildings, in every Case in which it may ?Ved in . become necessary, to sue and be sued in the Name of their ^nd

Secretary for the Time being; and that no Action or Suit in suits not to Law or Equity, to be brought or commenced by or against the abate by his said Commissioners or any of them, on account of this Act, in the Removal, &o. c. Name of their Secretary for the Time being, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Secretary, or by the Act of such Secretary without the Consent of the said Commissioners, but the Secretary of the said Commissioners for the Time being shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action or Suit, as the Case may be; and no Action or Suit shall be brought against the said Commissioners collectively or individually, or against their Secretary, except in His Majesty Court of Exchequer in Ireland *, and with the Leave of such Court first had and obtained, and upon such Terms and Conditions as the said Court shall direct.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Contract, Agree- Proceedings of ment, or other Instrument made or taken under or in pursuance Commissioners of this Act, with or by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, g^p Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, nor any Certifi- p u ies* cate, Order, or Receipt under or in pursuance of this Act, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatsoever. at t

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Acts, Matters, and Commissioned Things which the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, vf Woods, &c.

Land may act.

Act may be altered.

Acts and Parts of Acts repealed; viz.

54 G. 3. c. 86.

57 G.3. c. 77.

58 G.3. c. 73.

C. 52, 53. 2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

i

Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings are by this Act required or authorized to do or execute shall and may be done by any Two of such Commissioners for the Time being.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act or any of the Provisions thereof may be altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LIII.

An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws relating to the Payment of Army Prize Money.

[23d June 1832.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to consolidate and bring into One Act all the Provisions of the several Acts now in

force relating to Army Prize Money, and to alter and amend several of the Provisions thereof be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act passed in the Fifty-fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for regulating the Payment of Army Prize Money, and to provide for the Payment of unclaimed and forfeited Shares to Chelsea Hospital; and also an Act passed in the Fifty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for extending ike Provisions of an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Payment of Army Prize Money; and for authorizing the Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital to suspend the Pension of such Persons as shall be guilty of Frauds in respect of Prize Money or Pensions; and also so much of an Act passed in the Fifty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for regulating the Payment of Regimental Debts, and the Distribution of the Effects of Officers and Soldiers dying in Service, and the Receipt of Sums due to Soldiers, as enacts, that from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen it shall not be lawful for any Agent or Agents appointed for the Distribution of Army Prize or Bounty Money, Grant or other Allowances of Money in the Nature thereof, or for the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, to pay the Share of any Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier to any Person or Persons whatsoever other than the Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier entitled to the same, or to the next of Kin or Executor or Administrator of such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier, or to the Agent of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of His Majesty's Army or Militia, duly authorized by the Party entitled thereto to receive the same; and also so much of the said Act as enacts, that it shall not be lawful for the Agent appointed for the Distribution of Army Prize or Bounty Money, Grants or other Allowances of Money in the Nature thereof, or for the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, to pay to any Creditor taking out Letters of Administration to a deceased Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier, out of the Share of such deceased Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier, any further or greater Sum than shall appear, by Affidavit to be made by the person taking out Letters of Administration, to be due to

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 53.

237

him at the Time of taking out such Letters of Administration; and also an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to regulate the Payment of Army Prize Money; and also an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to extend Two Acts of Bis late Majesty for Distribution of Prize Money to all Cases of Capture that have been made by Foreign Ships or Land Forces in conjunction with His Majesty's Skips or Land Forces; and also an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to prevent the illegal pawning of Clothes and Stores belonging to Chelsea Hospital; to give further Powers to the Treasurer and Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea and Greenwich Hospitals to punish Persons fraudulently receiving Prize Money or Pensions; and to enable the Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital to hold Lands purchased under the Will of Colonel Drowley; shall be and the same is and are hereby repealed, except as to all Captures and Grants which shall have been made previously to the passing of this Act, which shall be regulated and distributed under the Provisions of the said herein-before recited Acts; and except as to all such Things as have been done previously to the passing of this Act, in pursuance of any of the said Acts hereby repealed, which shall be as effectual as if the said Acts still continued in force; and also except as to all Offences committed against any of the Provisions of any of the said Acts hereby repealed, which shall continue punishable as if the same had been committed after the passing of this Act, and against the Provisions thereof: Provided, that nothing in this Act shall revive or give any Effect to any Act or Acts repealed by any of the said recited Acts.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, in all Captures which shall be made by His Majesty's Army, Royal Artillery, Provincial, Black, and all other Troops in the Pay or Service of His Majesty, or belonging to His Majesty but in the Pay of the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies, or howsoever otherwise paid, of any Fortress or Possession of His Majesty's Enemies, or of any Ship or Vessel in any Road, River, HaVen, or Creek belonging to such Fortress or Possession, and in all Captures, Expeditions, or Actions from which Prize Money, Bounty Money, or Grant shall arise, the Commanders and other Officers and Soldiers engaged therein shall have such Right and Interest as His Majesty shall think fit to order in all the Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, Merchandize, Booty, Prize, and Treasure belonging to the State, or to any public Trading Company of such Enemies, which shall be found in such Fortress or Possession, or captured in or granted for any such Expedition or Action, to be divided in such Proportions, and according to such general Rule of Distribution for the Army, as shall be established by His Majesty, or in default thereof in such Manner as His Majesty shall under His Sign Manual be pleased to direct.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, or Soldier, or other Person, who shall be entitled to share in any Prize or Capture taken from any of His Majesty's Enemies, or in any Grant on account of Services,

and

1 G. 4. c. 84.

4 G. 4. c. 65.

5 G. 4. c. 107.

except as to Captures, Sec, made before this Act, and as to Offences.

Repeal of recited Acts not to revive Acts by them repealed.

All Captures hereafter made by the Army shall be disposed of as His Majesty shall direct.

Deserters shall not be entitled to Prize Money.

C. 53.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Shares not claimed within Six Years after being paid to the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital to be forfeited, unless upon good Cause shown and allowed. Appraisements and Sales shall be made by Agents appointed by the Commanders, &c.

Penalty on Agents permitting others to share in the Commission or Emolument in respect of Agency.

and who shall desert or unlawfully withdraw from His Majesty's Service, shall have any Title to or Benefit from any Part of such Prize, Capture, or Grant which at the Time of such Desertion shall remain unpaid, but the Share or Shares of every such Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, or Soldier, or other Person, so deserting, or such Part thereof as at the Time of his or their Desertion shall remain unpaid, and also the Shares of all Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Soldiers which shall not be legally demanded within Six Years after the same shall have been paid to the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital as herein-after mentioned, shall be forfeited to the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, and applied in manner herein-after mentioned, unless such Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, or Soldiers as shall have deserted shall be restored by His Majesty's Proclamation, or otherwise pardoned; and unless, with respect to such Shares of Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Soldiers as shall not be claimed within the Time above limited in that Behalf, reasonable Cause shall be shown to and allowed by the Commissioners of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, why such last-mentioned Shares were not claimed in due Time.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in all such Captures, Expeditions, or Actions as aforesaid, the receiving and collecting of Booty, and all Appraisements and Sales of any Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, Merchandize, and Treasure which shall be found in any such Fortress or Possession as aforesaid, and to which the Commanders and other Officers and Soldiers shall be entitled, shall be made by Agents appointed by the Commanders and other Officers entitled thereto; ^that is to say,) the Commanders-in-Chief and Field Officers acting on the Expedition in which such Fortress or Possession was captured shall appoint an Agent; and the other Commissioned Officers entitled thereto, or the Majority of them if more than One, may appoint another Agent to act for them; such Appointment being made by Letter or Letters of Attorney duly executed for that Purpose, Copies of which shall be transmitted as herein-after mentioned; and no Person or Persons, except the Person or Persons so to be nominated and appointed Agent or Agents, and who shall have given Security as required by this Act, and who shall actually discharge the Duties of Agent, shall under any Pretence receive any Part or Share of any Commission or Percentage in respect of such Agency, or any Benefit out of any such Commission or Percentage; and every Person so nominated and appointed Agent, who shall give to or allow to be taken by any other Person, and every Person who shall take, accept, or receive, either himself or by any other Person on his Behalf, or for his Use or Advantage, or for the Use or Advantage of any Part of his Family, any Part or Share of any such Commission, or any Emolument or Benefit thereout, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and also Double the Amount or Value of what shall have been so given or allowed to be taken, or shall have been so taken and received as aforesaid, such Penalty and Amount to be recovered as hereinafter mentioned.

2° GULIELMI IV. C. 53.

239

V. And be it further enacted, That before any Person so appointed shall act as Agent for Army Prize or Capture, he shall give Security, with Two sufficient Sureties, by a joint and several Bond, in the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, to the Treasurer and Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital for the Time being, for duly and faithfully executing his said Trust, and accounting for and paying over all Sums of Money which shall come to his Hands by reason of his said Agency; which said Bond, together with Three attested Copies thereof, and also Three Copies of the Letter or Letters of Attorney appointing such Person Agent, shall be delivered by such Agent to the Commander-in-Chief acting on that Expedition, and shall be in the Form or to the Effect set forth in the Schedule marked (A.) hereunto annexed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Commander-in-Chief to whom such Bond and attested Copies shall be so delivered shall by the first Conveyance transmit the said Bond, and One attested Copy of the said Letter of Attorney, to the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, and One of the Copies of the said Bond to the Commander-in-Chief at the Horse Guards, and by the next Conveyance shall transmit One other such Copy of the Bond and Letter of Attorney to the said Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital and Commander-in-Chiefs Office respectively; and the Letters of Attorney (or the Copies thereof, in case the Original is lost) transmitted by the said Commander-in-Chief shall be good and sufficient Evidence of the Agency of the Person or Persons to whom such Letter of Attorney shall have been made, and shall be received and admitted, without further or other Proof thereof, to be legal Evidence in all His Majesty's Courts of Record, of Law or Equity, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and if the original Bond given by any Agent shall be lost, or shall not have been received by the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act, then a Copy of the said Bond, transmitted by the Commanding Officer, shall be admitted as Evidence of such a Bond having been given and entered into; and the Plaintiff in any Action to recover the Penalty of the same shall not be nonsuited, or have a Verdict against him, for Want of or Failure in producing the original Bond.

VII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Nonperformance of any Condition of the said Bond the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital shall institute such Action and Actions, Suit and Suits, as may be expedient, for the Recovery of the Penalty thereof; and the same, when recovered, shall be paid to the said Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Chehea Hospital, to and for the Use of the said Royal Hospital, or of the Captors who shall have suffered Loss by the Nonperformance of the Conditions thereof.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as shall be practicable after any Prize or Capture shall be made, or Engagement shall have taken place, the Commanding Officer of every Regiment or Corps entitled to share, in the Proceeds of the said Capture, or from any Grant in consequence of such Engagement, shall transmit to the Treasurer of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea a List, according to the Form and containing the Particulars set

forth

Agents shall give Security by Bond.

Bond and Copies of Letter of Attorney to be transmitted to Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, and to Commander-in-Chief at the Horse Guards.

Letters of Attorney shall be Evidence of Agency;

and Copies of Bonds may be admitted as Evidence.

Bond to be put in Suit on Nonperformance of the Conditions.

A certified List of the Persons entitled to share in the Capture to be delivered or transmitted to Chelsea Hospital.

240

C. 53.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Agents shall collect and Convert into Money the Proceeds of Prize and Capture, and within One Month remit the same.

Accounts of Sales of Prizes to be sent, attested upon Oath.

Agents, &c. wilfully delaying Payment to Chelsea Hospital shall pay Interest after the Rate of 1/. per Centum per Month.

forth in Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed, of the Persons in the Regiment or Corps under his Command entitled to share therein, which List shall be signed by the said Commanding Officer, the Names being arranged in the same Order in which they stand in the Muster Rolls of such Regiments or Corps, and the same shall be examined with and corrected by the Muster Rolls; and in case, from any urgent Cause, no such Prize List as aforesaid shall be sent to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, the said Treasurer or his Deputy shall apply to the Commanding Officer, or proper Officer or Office, for Lists of the Persons entitled to share in such Capture, and such Lists shall thereupon be made out from the official Returns, and the proper Officer to whom such Application shall be made shall cause the same to be made out, and certify the Truth thereof under his Hand; and any Person or Persons who shall alter the Name or Rank of any Person or Persons in any List which shall have been so certified as aforesaid, or erase or take away any Name therefrom or add any Name thereto, after the same shall have been so certified as aforesaid, with Intent to defraud any Person or Persons or Corporation whatsoever, shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered in manner herein-after mentioned.

IX. And be it further enacted, That immediately after the Appointment of any Person or Persons to be the Agent or Agents for any such Prize or Capture, such Agent or Agents shall proceed to collect and convert into Money the whole Proceeds of such Prize or Capture, so far as the same relates to the Army, and shall, within One Month after receiving the Money arising therefrom, or any Part thereof, into his or their Hands, or becoming entitled to receive and capable of receiving the same, pay, or by safe Conveyance remit, unto the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital the Money arising from such Prize or Capture, or from the Proceeds thereof.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Prize Agent shall, immediately after the Sale of the Proceeds of any Capture made by the Army is completed, transmit to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea an attested Copy of the detailed Accounts of the Sales of such Prize, duly verified upon Oath, together with attested Copies of all Vouchers relating thereto; and every such Agent who shall neglect or refuse to transmit to the said Treasurer such attested Copies of Accounts and Vouchers shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That any Agent appointed as aforesaid, or any Person employed by him to sell the Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, Merchandize, or other Things taken as Prize, who shall retain in his Hands the Money arising from such Sale for more than One Month after the same shall have come into his Hands, so that any wilful or unnecessary Delay shall happen in the said Money being paid over to Chelsea Hospital, shall pay Interest thereon after the Rate of One Pound per Centum per Month for such Time as the same shall remain in his Hands or Custody, such Interest to be shared amongst the Captors entitled to such Prize, and shall forfeit to Chelsea Hospital the Sum of Five hundred Pounds for the undue withholding of Prize Money.

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 53.

241

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Percentage for Agency Per-Agency (exclusive of Brokerage and actual necessary Payments, centage not to for which Vouchers shall be produced,) for any Prize, Grant, or Jceed Per Capture shall in no Case exceed in the whole the Sum of One Cent '

and a Half p&' Cent, to be charged upon the net Money paid to the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital for Distribution; and such Percentage shall not be deducted from the Sum to be paid by the said Agent to the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, but shall be repaid by the said Treasurer at the Time mentioned in this Act; and no Agent or Agents shall be entitled to receive any Part of Agents shall not the Percentage out of any Grant or Capture by this Act directed receive Per-to be allowed to him or them until Two Months after Distribution centage until shall have been commenced by the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, Distrihu-unless the Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital shall direct such 10n* Percentage, or any Part thereof, to be earlier paid to the Agent entitled thereto.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the pass- 51 per Centum ing of this Act the Sum of Five Pounds per Centum shall be to be deducted deducted and retained by the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of p"ze Chelsea Hospital from and out of the net Proceeds of all Prize p^es^ere! Money, Bounty Money, Grant, or other Allowance of Money in in-after men-the Nature of Prize or Grant, which shall come into or be in the tioned.

Hands of such Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer for Distribution;

and the said Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer shall from Time to Time pay over or invest the Sums so retained and deducted in the Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, in like Manner as the Balance of forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Prize Money are now invested, and for the Purposes herein-after mentioned.

3tlV. And be it further enacted, That all Grants hereafter Future Grants to be made by His Majesty or by Parliament, or otherwise, to for Services to the Officers and Troops of any Division of the Army employed XreSurerofy upon or engaged in any Capture or Expedition, shall, unless by Chds^os-the Grant otherwise expressly directed, be received on behalf piui. of the Army by the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital or his Deputy, to be distributed to the Persons entitled thereto, according to their respective Proportions, under the Provisions of this Act,

£V. And be it further enacted, That so soon as any Money Agents, when arising from Capture or Grant shall have been paid to the called upon, Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital or his Deputy for Distribution, ^11 assist the the Agent or Agents appointed as herein-before mentioned, and makl^out1 any Person or Persons acting or employed as such, shall, when the Scale of called upon by Notice in Writing signed by the said Treasurer Distribution, or Deputy Treasurer for that Purpose, aid and assist the said Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer in making out the Scale and Li^fcs of Distribution, and in completing all Matters relating to such Distribution.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Agent shall If Agents rerefuse or neglect to deliver the Lists required to be delivered fuse or neglect to the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, or to comply with any of he

the Provisions of this Act, so far as the same relate to such Agent may witlfhold^ or Agents, it shall be lawful for the said Treasurer to withhold Percentage, the Payment of the Whole or any Part of the Percentage otherwise payable to the said Agent or Agents, until such Time

R as

242

The Treasurer, at the End of Three Montlia from Receipt of Prize Money, shall give Notification of Distribution;

shall keep open Office for receiving Claims for Shares.

How Prize Money is to be paid to Noncommissioned Officers and Soldiers *

as he or they shall have performed the Duties and complied with all the Provisions in the said Act contained.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital shall at the End of Three Months from the Time when the Proceeds of any Prize Money, or Money arising from any Grant, were paid over to him as aforesaid, or as soon after as shall be practicable, give public Notification in the London Gazette and in Two London Morning Newspapers that the Payment of the Shares to the Captors will take place at the End of One Month from the Insertion of the said Notification, and at the same Time shall notify the Amount of the Share of an Individual in each Class, and shall continue to publish such Notifications in every succeeding Gazette, and Twice a Week in the said Two London Morning Newspapers, until the End of the said Month, when Distribution thereof shall be made to the Captors, in like Manner as Distribution is now made by the said Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital of unclaimed Shares and Balances by virtue of any Act now in force, or in such other Manner as the Commissioners of the said Hospital, or any Three or more of them, shall direct.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, or his Deputy, shall keep an Office open from Ten of the Clock in the Morning to Four of the Clock in the Afternoon of every Day in the Week (Sundays excepted) , for the Purpose of receiving Claims for Shares, and shall pay such Shares, when demanded, according to the Regulations in this Act contained.

XIX. And be it enacted, That all Shares of Prize Money due or to become due to Non-commissioned Officers or Soldiers, whether in His Majesty's Service at the Time of making Application, or previously discharged therefrom, and of all Grants already made or hereafter to be made by His Majesty, or Parliament, or otherwise, which by virtue of this Act shall be or become payable by the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, shall be paid by the said Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer in manner herein-after mentioned, and in no other Manner; (that is to say,) to such Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers, upon their personal Application, and in default of personal Application then the Share of any Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier may he paid to any Person standing in the Relationship of Wife or Child, Father or Mother, or Brother or Sister, or to the Regimental Agent of the Regiment to which such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier entitled thereto belongs, or did belong at the Time of such Prize Money becoming due, or to any other Regimental Agent, in case there shall be no Regimental Agent of the Corps to which such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier belongs or did belong to whom the same can be paid on his Behalf, by an Order in the Form set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (C.); and the Person making such Order shall also procure and transmit a Certificate in the Form or to the Effect set forth in the Schedule annexed marked (D.) , which Certificate shall be signed by the Commanding Officer, Adjutant, and Paymaster of the Regiment in which such Person shall be serving, provided the Signatures of such Officers can be

obtained,

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 53.

243

obtained, and in case the Signatures of all or any of such respective Officers cannot be obtained, by reason of the Regiment being on Detachment, or other unavoidable Cause, then such Certificate shall be signed by such of the said Officers as may be present where the Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier is serving, and by any other Commissioned Officer of the Regiment or Corps then present, so that there shall not be less than the Signatures of Three Commissioned Officers to such Certificate; or in case such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier shall be detached from his Regiment, or be in any Hospital or Sick Quarters, so that he cannot procure such Certificate of his Officers as above mentioned, the same shall be stated particularly on the Order, and the Certificate shall be signed by the Three senior Officers belonging to such Detachment, or by the Surgeon or principal Medical Officer belonging to such Hospital or Sick Quarters (as the Case may require) , and by Two other principal Military or Civil Officers belonging to such Hospital or residing at Sick Quarters; or in case such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier shall have been discharged from the Service, then he shall make his Order in the Form aforesaid, and shall procure and transmit a Certificate in the Form or to the Effect set forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed marked (E.) , and which shall be signed by the Minister and One of the Churchwardens or Overseers, or (if in Scotland) by the Minister and One of the Elders, in the Parish or Place in which such discharged Noncommissioned Officer or Soldier may then reside; or if such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier shall be dead, then the Person entitled to receive his Share of such Prize or Bounty Money shall make an Order in the Form set forth in the Schedule to this Act marked (F.) , and shall procure and transmit a Certificate in the Form or to the Effect set forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed marked (FF.) , which Certificate shall be signed by the Minister and One of the Churchwardens or Overseers, or (if in Scotland) by the Minister and One of the Elders, of the Parish or Place in which such Person shall then reside; which said several Certificates shall be printed under the Orders to which they respectively belong.

aX. And be it enacted, That in all Cases in which Non-commissioned Officers or Soldiers shall, previously to the passing of this Act, have made their Prize Orders in favour of other Persons than Regimental Agents, either from the Circumstance of there haying been no Agent for the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which such Non-commissioned Officers or Soldiers belonged or were attached at the Date or making of such Prize Orders respectively, or from any other Cause which shall seem reasonable and sufficient to the Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital, and in all Cases in which Non-commissioned Officers or Soldiers shall hereafter make their Prize Orders in favour of other Persons than Regimental Agents, from the Circumstance of there being no Agent appointed for the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which such Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers respectively belong or are attached at the Time of making their Prize Orders, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea and they are hereby authorized and empowered to

R 2 direct

But in certain Cases Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital may direct Payment of Prize Orders made in favour of other Persons than Regimental Agents.

C. 53.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Stamp Duty upon Orders, except for Payments under 40s.

Orders for each Person's Share to be separate *

No Fee to be taken on paying any Share. '

Persons employed by the Hospital not to act as Prize Agents.

All Assignments shall express the true Consideration Money paid on the said Assignments being made.

Die Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital may authorize the Payment of Shares not exceeding 50/. to next of Kin,

&c. without Administration.

direct Payment to be made upon such Orders, by the Treasurer, or Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, to the Persons named as the Payee therein, or to the legal Representative of such Payee.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That upon every Order made in England for the Payment of Prize or Bounty Money, or Money upon Grants, (except where the Sum to be paid shall not amount to Forty Shillings, which is hereby exempted from Duty,) a Stamp Duty of One Shilling, and no more, shall be payable to His Majesty; and that no Order purporting to authorize the Receipt of Shares due to more than One Person shall be deemed valid, but that the same shall be void and of no Effect, nor shall any Order be valid if made or certified within Five Miles of Chelsea Hospital.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Person paying any Share or Balance of Army Prize Money shall receive or retain any Fee, Gratuity, or Reward on account of any Act or Thing done relating to the procuring or paying the same, under any Pretence whatsoever, on pain of forfeiting for every such Offence One hundred Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person employed by the Commissioners or any Officer of Chelsea Hospital in executing the Regulations of this Act shall act as an Agent for Prizes, or be concerned, directly or indirectly, in the Business thereof, under the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered as herein-after mentioned.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Assignment, Bargain, Sale, or Contract, made or given by any Commissioned Officer for or in respect of any Prize or other Money paid into Chelsea Hospital, shall be valid, unless it be therein expressed what was the Consideration Money actually paid by the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Assignment, Bargain, Sale, or Contract is made, to the Person making and executing the same; and upon every such Assignment, Bargain, Sale, or Contract, the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital shall only pay to the Person or Persons claiming under or by virtue thereof so much Money as shall appear to have been advanced and paid as such Consideration Money as aforesaid, together with Interest for the same after the Rate of Five Pounds per, Centum per Annum, where it shall appear upon such Assignment, Bargain, Sale, or Contract that Interest was intended to be paid thereon.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea to authorize their Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer to pay to any Person or Persons who shall prove him, her, or themselves, to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners or of the said Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer, to be the next of Kin or legal Representative, or otherwise entitled to any Share of Prize Money belonging to any deceased Officer, Soldier, or other Person, any such Share not exceeding Fifty Pounds, although such Person shall not have regularly taken out Letters of Administration to or have procured the Probate of any Will of the Party originally entitled thereto, to enable him legally to demand such Share of Prize Money.

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 53.

245

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases of Claim Claim of Prize for Prize Money made by the next of Kin of Foreigners who shall Money by the have been in the Pay of His Majesty as Non-commissioned Officers "ext.of Km of or Soldiers, and who shall have died intestate, it shall be lawful, be°*paf(i without when such next of Kin shall reside out of His Majesty's Do- Letters of Adminions, for the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of the said ministration. Royal Hospital for the Time being to pay and discharge such declaims to such next of Kin, or any Person or Persons duly authorized by such next of Kin to receive the same, without

requiring the Production of Letters of Administration; and in all Cases where such Foreign Non-commissioned Officers or Soldiers shall have made Wills it shall be lawful for the said Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer in like Manner to pay and satisfy such Claims to the Person or Persons who by Inspection of the original Will, or an authenticated Copy thereof, shall appear to be entitled thereto, or to such Person or Persons as he, she, or they shall duly authorize to receive the same, without requiring the Production of Probates of such Wills.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Regimental the Secretary at War for the Time being, upon Proof satisfac- Debts of Offi-torily made to him that there was any Regimental or other public ^iSioned Offi Debt due from any Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, or Soldier, or Soldiers, at the Time of his Death, and that such Officer, Non-commis- may be paid out sioned Officer, or Soldier had Prize Money due to him at his of their Prize Decease, to issue to the Treasurer of the said Hospital or his Money. Deputy a Certificate of the Amount of such Regimental Debts,

together with a Requisition that the same may be paid out of the Prize Money of such Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, or Soldier; and the said Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital shall thereupon reserve out of the said Prize Money, and pay over to the Person named in such Requisition, the Amount so due from the said Officer, *Non-commissioned Officer, or Soldier, before any other Claim upon the said Prize Money shall be paid; and the Order of the said Secretary at War, and the Receipt of the Payee in such Requisition named, shall be the full and sufficient Voucher and Discharge to the said Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital for the Amount so paid *

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful Creditor taking for the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital to pay to any Creditor out Administru-taking out Letters of Administration to a deceased Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, or Soldier, any further or greater Sum out payment of the of the Share of such deceased Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, Sum due to

or Soldier than shall appear by Affidavit to be made by the Per- him. son taking out Letters of Administration, or other satisfactory Proof to* be given by him, to have been due to him at the Time of taking out such Letters of Administration.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in all conjunct Expe- In all conjunct ditions of His Majesty's Land and Naval Forces, from and after Expeditions, the Adjudication of all and every Ship or Vessel, with their Arms, after Adjudica-Ammunition, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, and all the Goods, of Admiralty^1 Merchandize, and other Effects on board the same, and of every the Shares of other Matter or Thing subject to such Adjudication which shall the Army, as be captured in any Road, Haven, River, or Creek belonging to soon as ascer-such Fortress or Possession, or otherwise, as lawful Prize to His tained>to *

R Majesty,

C. 53.

2° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1832.

paid over to the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital.

Registrars of Admiralty Court to transmit quarterly a List of the Prizes adjudged.

Registrars of Vice Admiralty Courts to do the same.

Registrars to transmit to the Treasurer Copies of all Letters of Attorney delivered to them, with the Particulars of Prizes.

Majesty, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Admiralty or Vice-Admiralty which shall be duly authorized to take cognizance of the same, and which Courts are hereby required to proceed therein to lawful Adjudication, the Share and Proportion of His Majesty's Army, Royal Artillery, Provincial, Black, and other Troops in the Pay of or belonging to His Majesty, or in the Pay of the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies, shall, as soon as such Shares shall be ascertained, be paid over to the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, in order that the same may be distributed, subject to the Provisions, Penalties, Rules, Remedies, and Regulations of this Act.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Registrars of the High Court of Appeals and High Court of Admiralty respectively shall, on the First Day of January, the First Day of April, the First Day of July, and the First Day of October in every Year, transmit to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital or his Deputy a List of all the Prizes taken in any conjunct Expeditions with the Navy and Army which shall have been adjudged in their Courts respectively in the Three Months preceding, together with the Names of the capturing Ships and their Commanders, and of the Agents for the Captors, and the Dates of the Captures and Sentences respectively.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Registrars of every Vice Admiralty Court shall, on the First Day of January, the First Day of April, the First Day of July, and the First Day of October in every Year, or so soon after each of such Quarter Days respectively as any Ship shall sail for England, transmit to the Treasurer of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea a List of all the Prizes taken in any such conjunct Expedition as aforesaid which have been adjudged in their Courts respectively during the preceding Quarter of a Year, together with the Dates of the several Captures, as far as the same may appear, the Names of the capturing Ships and their Commanders, the Agents of the Captors, a Copy of the Decretal Part of the Sentences upon the same, and at the same Time deliver or cause to be delivered a Duplicate of the same to the Deputy of the said Treasurer resident at the Place where such Courts of Vice Admiralty are or shall be established, or to which their Jurisdiction shall extend; and in case any such Registrar of any Vice Admiralty Court shall neglect or refuse to transmit such Lists, or to deliver Duplicates thereof at the Times and in the Manner aforesaid, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Registrar or Registrars of His Majesty's High Court of Admiralty, and of all other Courts of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty in His Majesty's Dominions, shall, on the First Day of January, the First Day of April, the First Day of July, and the First Day of October in every Year, or within Fourteen Days after each of such Quarter Days respectively so far as relates to the High Court of Admiralty, and with respect to Courts of Vice Admiralty as soon after each such Quarter Days as any Ship shall sail for Great Britain, deliver or transmit unto the Treasurer of the said Hospital, or to the Deputy Treasurer for the Time being, a true Copy, under his

or

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 53.

247

or their Hand or Hands, of all Letters of Attorney that shall be exhibited or delivered to them after the passing of this Act by any Agent or Agents for any Prize or Prizes taken or to be taken by any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or hired armed Ships, in any conjunct Expedition with His Majesty's Army, or by any Agent or Agents for the Receipt and Distribution of any Bounty Bill or Bills in which the Army shall be entitled to share, which Copy shall contain the Days of Delivery and Entry, and the Dates of the Letters of Attorney, the Names and Places of Abode of the Agents, the Names of the Prizes taken, or of the Ships of War or Privateers of the Enemy taken, burnt, sunk, or otherwise destroyed, together with the Names of the Ships or Vessels by which such Prizes shall have been taken, or by which such Ships of War or Privateers of the Enemy shall have been taken, burnt, sunk, or otherwise destroyed, together with the Date of the Condemnation (if any Condemnation shall have passed thereon) and of the Appeal (if any interposed) , to which Copies the Judge and Judges of the said Court and Courts shall affix his and their Seal of Office; and the said Copies, when received by the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea, shall be there registered, and open to Inspection by any Person grads; the Charges of which Copies, and affixing the Seal or Seals thereto, and transmitting the same to the Treasurer of the said Hospital, shall be paid by the said Agent or Agents at the Time of registering his or their respective Letter or Letters of Attorney -r and in case such Registrar or Registrars shall neglect or refuse to transcribe and transmit such Copy and Copies of the said Letter and Letters of Attorney in manner aforesaid, such Registrar and Registrars so neglecting or refusing shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered as here-in-after mentioned.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Agent resident Notice of Con-in the United Kingdom shall, within One Month after any Condemnation shall demnation in the High Court of Admiralty of any Prize taken be 556111 to tl'e in any conjunct Expedition with the Army, transmit a Notice of chete^HM-such Condemnation to the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, or his

Deputy, together with an Account of the State of the Property condemned at the Time of such Transmission, and shall from Time to Time furnish to the said Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer such other Particulars as shall be required by him for the Purposes of this Act, or pain of forfeiting for every Neglect the Sum of One hundred Pounds, unless a reasonable Cause be shown to and approved by the Court of Admiralty why such Information and Particulars have not been furnished as aforesaid.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Letters or Packets Letters on the addressed to the said Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of the said Affairs of Chel-Royal Hospital for the Time being, upon any Business or Affairs sea Hospital to relative to Prize Matters, or upon any other Business or Affairs go free of PosU of the said Royal Hospital, shall be freed from the Duty of age *

Postage; and that all Letters or Packets sent by them or either

of them upon such Business or Affairs shall fre sent free from the said Duty of Postage; and all such Letters and Packets shall be under Cover, with the Words " pursuant to Act of Parliament William 4th, C., printed upon the Cover,


248

C. 53.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 182.

Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital may issue Precepts to such Persons as they believe to have received Money belonging to Troops, to render on Account of the same within a limited Time.

and the Signature of the said Treasurer or his Deputy shall be written under the same; and each of them is hereby strictly prohibited from sending under such Covers any Writing, Paper, or Parcel whatsoever, excepting such as relate to the Business or Affairs of the said Royal Hospital; and if either of the said Parties, or any other Person, shall send or convey under any of the Covers aforesaid any Writing, Paper, or Parcel, other than those relating to the Business or Affairs of the said Royal Hospital, the Person so offending shall for every .such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered as herein-after mentioned*

XXXV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea from Time to Time to issue Precepts under their Hands, or under the Hands of any Three or more of them (such Precepts to be in the Form set forth in the Schedule to this Act marked (H.) , to such Persons as they may have Reason to believe have received Monies payable to such Officers, Soldiers, or Troops as aforesaid, under any Power of Attorney or Order heretofore or hereafter to be executed, requiring them within Two Calendar Months next after the Time at which such Precept shall have been served, in case the Person or Persons to whom it shall be directed shall reside within the United Kingdom, but if he or they shall reside in any of His Majesty's Dominions Abroad, then by the first Ship which shall sail from the Port or Place nearest to that at which such Person or Persons shall reside next after the Expiration of Two Calendar Months from the Time at which such Precept shall have been served as aforesaid, to deliver or transmit upon Oath (which Oath any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, or the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea for the Time being, is hereby authorized to administer,) an Account of all Monies which may have been received by such Person or Persons under such Powers or Orders as aforesaid; and in case the same or any Part thereof shall have been paid over, then the said Account shall specify to whom the same or any Part thereof has been so paid over; and the said Parties shall at the same Time pay or remit to the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital such Part of the said Monies as shall remain in his or their Hands unpaid to the Parties beneficially entitled to it or to their Use; and in case such Monies shall not be paid over or remitted to the said Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer within the Time limited by this Act, the same shall be recoverable from the Person detaining the same, by Action for Money had and received, or otherwise, in the Name of such Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea, and the same, when so paid in or recovered, shall be for the Use of the Parties beneficially entitled thereto, or be otherwise applied as forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Army Prize are by this Act directed to be applied; and in case any Person or Persons upon whom any such Precept shall be served as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to deliver or transmit such Account within the Time limited by this Act, he or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay to the Use of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered as herein-after mentioned.

2° GULIELMI IV. C. 53.

249

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons upon whom any such Precept or Precepts shall have been served shall neglect or refuse to pay Obedience thereto, and shall in consequence thereof pay the Penalty incurred by such Disobedience, it shall nevertheless be lawful for the said Commissioners of the said Royal Hospital, and they are hereby empowered, to repeat such Precept or Precepts until the Accounts thereby required shall have been duly rendered and delivered; and such Person and Persons are hereby declared to be liable to a separate Penalty of One hundred Pounds for every Precept to be served upon him or them, to which due Obedience shall not be paid, to be recovered in manner aforesaid.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Treasurer and Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Chelseai, with respect to all Monies which have been received by such Person or Persons as last aforesaid, under any Power or Order whatsoever, at all seasonable Times to have Access to the Books, Papers, Accounts, and Vouchers of any Person or Persons to whom such Precepts shall be directed, relative to such Transactions to which such Precepts shall have Reference, and such Person and Persons are hereby required to produce the same to the said Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer whenever he or they shall be required so to do, in order that such Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer may peruse, examine, and take Extracts or Copies of so much thereof as he may think proper; and in case any such Person or Persons as last aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to produce such Books, Papers, and Accounts, or any or either of them, upon Ten Days Notice to be given to him or them for that Purpose, he or they shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, to the Use of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea, the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered as hereafter mentioned.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and immediately after the Service of any such Precept as aforesaid all Monies received under such Powers or Orders as aforesaid, which shall at that Time be in the Hands of the Person or Persons to whom such Precept shall be directed, shall be deemed and considered to be the Property of the Commissioners of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea, to be applied by them in the Manner by this Act directed; and with respect to the Monies which may have been received by such Person or Persons as aforesaid, under any Power or Order which shall have been made and executed before the passing of this Act, in case the said Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer shall, upon Inspection of the Vouchers and other Documents relating to any Account which shall be rendered and delivered in obedience to any such Precept or Precepts as aforesaid, be dis-satisfied with such Account, and have Reason to believe that the Payments therein stated to have been made, or any or either of them, have not been really and truly made, or that such Account is in any other respect fraudulent or defective, it shall be lawful for such Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered, to file a Bill in Equity against such Person or Persons, in order to such Account being

regularly

Precepts to be repeated until Accounts rendered.

Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital to have Access to Books, &c. when Prize Money or Accounts are supposed to be withheld or imperfectly rendered.

Prize Money in the Hands of Persons upon whom Precepts are served to be considered as belonging to Chelsea Hospital.

When Frauds are discovered in Accounts, a Bill in Equity may be filed.

C. 5S.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Treasurer or hit Deputy empowered to prove Debts due to the Hospital;

regularly taken and examined, and other Proceedings being had relative thereto, according to the usual Course of Courts of Equity, such Bills to be filed in the Name of the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea for the Time being, and not to be considered defective on account of the Persons beneficially entitled to the Monies which shall le the Subject of them not being made Parties thereto.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer for the Time being of the aforesaid Hospital, or their or either of their Deputy or Deputies to be by them or either of them for such Purposes nominated or appointed by Deed or Writing under their or either of their Hands or Hand, for and on behalf and in the Name or Names of the said Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer for the Time being, or either of them, or for and on behalf and in the Name or Names of the Commissioners for the Time being of the said Hospital, or any of them, to appear before the Commissioners or major Part of the Commissioners named or to be named in any Commission or Commissions of Bankrupt, in any public or private Meetings of such Commissioners under any such Commission or Commissions of Bankrupt, and to prove the Amount of all Prize or Bounty Money, Grant, or Monies, or Balances of Prize or Bounty Money, Grant, or Monies, or other Allowances of Money in the Nature thereof, in the Hands, Custody, or Power of or unpaid by such Bankrupt or Bankrupts respectively, at the Date and issuing of any such Commission of Bankrupt, in or to which the said Hospital, or the Army generally, or any Division or Divisions, Battalion or Battalions, Regiment or Regiments, Individual or Individuals of the Army, shall be interested or entitled under the several Acts of Parliament already enacted and now in force, or at any Time hereafter to be enacted or become in force, and to make every such Proof and Proofs of Debt upon the Oath or Affirmation, as the Case may require, of such Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of the said Hospital for the Time being, or of any Clerk or Clerks or other Officer or Officers of the said Hospital, conversant or acquainted with the Books and Affairs of the said Hospital, who shall swear or affirm as to the Amount of such Prize, Bounty, Grant, or other Monies, or Balances of Prize, Bounty, Grant, or other Monies, of which such Proof shall be so tendered, to the best of his or their Knowledge and Belief, after an Examination of the Books of the said Hospital relating thereto, or by a Production of the Books of the said Hospital, or by a Production of the Certificate of the Examiner of Prize Accounts, or by a Production and Examination of the Book or Books of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, or the personal Examination on Oath of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts respectively under such Commission or Commissions of Bankrupt, and which Production or Examination of the Bankrupt's Books and Accounts, and of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts themselves, the said Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer, or such other Person or Persons as they or either of them shall so appoint as aforesaid, are hereby authorized and empowered to require, or, in default of such Evidence, then by such other Evidence as to the said Commissioners named and authorized

in

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 53.

251

in every such Commission of Bankrupt under which such Proof shall be tendered, or the major Part of them, shall under the Circumstances seem reasonable; the making of every such Proof nevertheless to be liable to such Opposition, and every such Proof, when made, liable to be expunged in the same Way and upon the same Evidence as any other Proof or Proofs of Debt by any other Person or Persons claiming to prove or having proved under such Commission or Commissions of Bankrupt respectively; and also to receive and take, and to give good and effectual Discharges for, all and every Dividend and Dividends payable or to become payable by or out of the Estate and Effects of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, or any Part thereof, upon the Amount of any and every such Proof of Debt under such Commission; and also to vote in the Choice of any Assignee or Assignees of the Estate and Effects of every such Bankrupt for the whole Sum proved; and also to assent to or dissent from the signing and allowing the Certificate or Certificates of every such Bankrupt; and further, to have and exercise every other Right, Authority, and Power whatsoever in respect of the Estate and Effects of every such Bankrupt, or the Sale or Disposition thereof, and otherwise to act therein, or in any Matter relating thereto, in the same Manner and to the same Extent as any other Creditor of such Bankrupt proving a Debt to a like Amount under such Commission or Commissions of Bankrupt respectively might or could do; and also to come in and receive, and give legal and effectual Discharges for, any Dividend or Dividends payable or to become payable by or out of the Estate and Effects of any Insolvent Debtor or Debtors who at the Time of his or their presenting any Petition or Petitions for his or their Discharge or Discharges from Prison, under the several Acts now in force for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, or hereafter to come in force, shall have any Prize, Bounty, Grant, or other Money or Monies, or Balances of Prize, Bounty, Grant, or other Money or Monies, in his or their respective Hands, in or to which the Hospital, or the Army generally, or any Division or Divisions, Battalion or Battalions, Regiment or Regiments, Individual or Individuals of the Army shall be so interested or entitled as aforesaid, and also to appear upon and oppose or consent to any such Petition of Discharge, and in all other respects to have and exercise every Right, Power, and Authority, in the same Manner and to the same Extent as any Creditor or Creditors of such Insolvent Debtor or Debtors for a like Amount.

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea for the Time being, and he is hereby required, to lay annually before both Houses of Parliament an Account in the Form set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (K.) , or in some other Form directed or approved by the Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital; and such Accounts shall be made up to the Thirty-first Day of December in every Year, the first of them to commence from the Period up to which Accounts have been already laid before Parliament.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital shall render to the Commis-

and to give Discharges;

and to vote for

Assignees;

and to assent to the allowing of Certificates.

Deputy Treasurer also to act on behalf of the Hospital in Cases of Insolvency.

Accounts to be laid annually before Parliament.

sioners

Treasurer to render an Account quarterly.

C. 53.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 18S2.

Forfeited or unclaimed Shares may be applied to the general Services of the Hospital

Treasurer may appoint Deputies for certain Purposes.

Receipts exempted from Stamp Duty.

Punishing Persons taking false Oaths.

Offence of taking a false Oath Abroad may be tried in any County in England.

Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered.

sioners of the said Hospital a just and true Account of all their Receipts and Payments, under the Authority of this Act, Four Times in every Year, (that is to say,) to the Thirty-first Day of March, the Thirtieth Day of June, the Thirtieth Day of September, and the Thirty-first Day of December in each Year, or at such other Times as the said Commissioners shall require; and the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to examine, audit, and finally pass the said Accounts; any Powers, Authorities, and Directions in any other Act of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea at all Times hereafter, by Warrant under their Hands, or under the Hands of any Three or more of them, directed to the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of the said Hospital, from Time to Time to appropriate such Sums of Money forming a Part of the Prize Money already forfeited and unclaimed, or hereafter to become forfeited and unclaimed, and also of the Percentage hereafter to arise by virtue of this Act, as they may think expedient and proper, to the general Services and Expences of the said Royal Hospital, or relating thereto.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea for the Time being to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons as he may think fit to be his Deputy or Deputies, for the specific Purposes of receiving Applications and Claims for Prize and Bounty Monies to which the Army shall be entitled, and for such other specific Purposes of this Act as he may deem advisable, at such Ports or Places as he shall from Time to Time think necessary.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act all Receipts given or taken for Prize Money or Balances paid or received by the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital shall be exempt from any Duty of Stamps whatsoever; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall falsely make Oath to any of the Matters herein-before required to be verified on Oath, or suborn any other Person so to do, such Person or Persons shall suffer the like Pains and Penalties as are incurred by Persons committing wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That where the Offence of taking a false Oath, or suborning any Person so to do, or any of the Offences by this Act made cognizable in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain, shall be committed out of this Realm, the same may be alleged to be committed, and may be laid, inquired of, tried, and determined in any County in England, in the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been actually done or committed within the Body of such County.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, wheresoever the same shall arise

13 or

2° GULIELMI IV. C. 53.

253

or become forfeited, may be recovered by Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain, unless in Cases where any other Mode is by this Act particularly directed; and all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, which shall arise or become forfeited in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions Ah road, may be recovered in any Court of Record of His Majesty in the Colony, Territory, or Place where the same shall arise or have become forfeited, or in any of His Majesty's Vice Admiralty Courts having Jurisdiction there.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, other than such as are by this Act directed to be otherwise applied and disposed of, shall go and be applied to the Use of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea, and shall be sued for in the Name of the Commissioners thereof.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly and willingly personate or falsely assume the Name or Character, or procure any other Person to personate or falsely assume the Name or Character of any Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, Soldier, or other Person entitled or supposed to be entitled to any Prize Money, Grant, Bounty Money, Share, or other Allowance of Money due or payable or supposed to be due or payable for or on account of any Service performed or supposed to have been performed by any Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, Soldier, or other Person who shall have really served or be supposed to have served in His Majesty's Army or in any other Military Service, or shall personate or falsely assume, or act, aid, or assist in personating or falsely assuming the Name or Character, or procure any other Person to personate or falsely assume the Name or Character of the Executor or Administrator, Wife, Widow, next of Kin, Relation, or Creditor of any such Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, Soldier, or other Person as aforesaid, in order to receive or to enable any other Person to receive any Prize Money, Grant, Bounty Money, Share, or other Allowance of Money due or payable or supposed to be due or payable for or on account of any Service performed or supposed to have been performed by any such Officer, Noncommissioned Officer, Soldier, or other Person as aforesaid; or if any Person shall forge or counterfeit or alter, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited or altered, or knowingly and willingly act or aid or assist in forging or counterfeiting or altering the Name or Handwriting of any Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, Soldier, or other Person entitled or supposed to be entitled to any Prize Money, Grant, Bounty Money, Share, or other Allowance of Money due or payable or supposed to be due or payable for or on account of any Service performed or supposed to have been performed by any Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, Soldier, or other Person who shall have really served or be supposed to have served in His Majesty's Army, or other Military Service, or the Name or Handwriting of any Officer or under Officer, Clerk, or Servant of or in the Employ of the Commissioners of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea, or the Name or Handwriting of any Officer or Person in any way

concerned

Penalties to go to Chelsea Hospital.

Punishment of Personation and Forgery.

254

C. 53.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

concerned in the paying, or the ordering, directing, or causing the Payment of any such Prize Money, Grant, Bounty Money, Share, or other Allowance of Money due or payable or supposed to be due or payable as aforesaid; or shall falsely make, forge, counterfeit, or alter, or willingly act, aid, or assist in the false making, forging, counterfeiting, procuring, or altering any Letter of Attorney, Bill, Ticket, Order, Certificate, Voucher, Receipt, Will, or any other Power, Instrument, Warrant, Authority, Document, or Writing whatsoever, relating to or in anywise concerning the Payment of or the obtaining or claiming any such Prize Money, Grant, Bounty Money, Share, or other Allowance of Money due or payable or supposed to be due or payable as aforesaid, in order to receive, obtain, or claim any such Prize Money, Grant, Bounty Money, Share, or other Allowance of Money due or payable or supposed to be due or payable as aforesaid, or shall utter or publish as true, or knowingly and willingly act or aid or assist in uttering or publishing as true any falsely made or forged or counterfeited or altered Letter of Attorney, Bill, Ticket, Order, Certificate, Voucher, Receipt, Will, or any other Power, Instrument, Warrant, Authority, Document, or Writing whatsoever, with Intention to receive, obtain, or claim, or to enable any other Person to receive, obtain, or claim from the said Commissioners of the said Royal Hospital, or from any Officer, under Officer, Clerk, or Servant of the said Commissioners, or from any Person whatsoever authorized or supposed to be authorized to pay the same, the Payment of any such Prize Money, Grant, Bounty Money, Share, or other Allowance of Money due or payable or supposed to be due or payable as aforesaid, with Intention to defraud any Person or Persons whatsoever, or any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever; or shall knowingly take a false Oath in order to obtain Letters of Administration or the Probate of any Will, in order to receive, obtain, or claim, or to enable any other Person to receive, obtain, or claim any Prize Money, Grant, Bounty Money, Share, or other Allowance of Money due or payable or supposed to be due or payable for or on account or in respect of the Service of any Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, Soldier, or other Person as aforesaid, who shall have really served or be supposed to have served in His Majesty's Army or other Military Service, or shall demand or receive any Prize Money, Grant, Bounty Money, Share, or other Allowance of Money due or payable or supposed to be due or payable as aforesaid, upon Letters of Administration or a Probate of a Will, knowing the Will on which such Probate shall have been obtained to be false, forged, or counterfeited, or knowing such Letters of Administration or the Probate of such Will as last aforesaid to have been obtained by means of any such false Oath, with Intention to defraud any Person or Persons whatsoever, or any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever; all and every Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be and are and is hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall be transported beyond the Seas for Life, or for any Term not less than Seven Years, as the Court before whom such Person or Persons shall be convicted shall adjudge.

2° GULIELMI IV. C. 53.

255

L. And be it enacted, That all Prize and Bounty Money, Grant, or other Money or Monies in the Nature thereof, which shall become payable to the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital in manner herein-before mentioned, shall be deemed to be public Monies in the Hands of any Persons receiving or detaining the same.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Know all- Men by these Presents, That We, the Agent of and the Sureties of are jointly and severally held and firmly bound to the Treasurer and Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital for the Time being, and to each of them, in the Sum of Two thousand Pounds of lawful Money of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, current in England, to be paid to the said Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital for the Time being, or either of them, or their certain Attorney, Successors, or Assigns, for which Payment to be well and truly made we bind ourselves and each of us, our and each of our Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, firmly by these Presents sealed with our Seals, dated the Day of in the Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord by the Grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and

The Condition of the above-written Obligation is such, that if the above-bounden shall duly execute his Trust

in all Matters of Prize Agency committed to his Care, particularly in all Matters relating to the selling the Property, and the collecting and receiving and transmitting and paying over all Prize or Bounty Money, Grants, and othet Allowances of Money arising from Capture or Service at and if the

above-bounden his Executors and Administrators,

do and shall in all Things strictly conform to the Rules, Regulations, and Provisions of the several Acts now in force with respect to Prize or Bounty Money, Grants, or other Allowances of Money, as far as the said Acts relate to the Duties of an Agent, particularly an Act passed in the Year

of His Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled " An Act for " consolidating and amending the Laws relating to the Payment " of Army Prize Money," then this Obligation to be void, or else to remain in full force and virtue.

All Prize Money, &c. shall be deemed public Money.

256

C. 5S.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 182.

SCHEDULE (B.) Form of Prize List.

Name. Company or Troop. Rank. Trade or Calling. Place of Birth. Whether dead, and Date of Death. Remarks.

SCHEDULE (C.)

Order for paying the Prize Money of serving.

Name. Company or Troop. Rank. Trade or Calling. Place of Birth.

sS S do

813 a 8 14? A

Scgo JS S *

: |ls-J

3 C o 5

At Seven Days Sight pay to [or to the Regimental Agent, as the Case may be,] the Amount of the Share of Prize or Bounty Money due to me in respect of my Service as a in the Regiment of at the

Capture of in the Month of

18 .

To the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital.

Directions for executing the Order.

The above Order must be signed by the Soldier at the Mark (*). The Certificate (D.) must be signed by the Commanding Officer, Adjutant, and Paymaster; if on Detachment, by such of the said Officers as are present where he is serving, and any other Officers of the Regiment; or if in Hospital or Sick Quarters, which must be particularly stated, then by the Three senior Officers of the Detachment, or Surgeon, or principal Medical Officers, and Two other principal Military or Civil Officers belonging to such Hospital or residing at such Sick Quarters.

SCHEDULE (D.)

Certificate for a Soldier now serving.

These are to certify, That we have examined the above-named who signed the above Order [or acknowledged the Signature to the above Order to be his Signature] in our Presence; and from the Documents he has shown to us, and his Answers to our Questions, we have Reason to believe that the said was serving in the above-mentioned Regiment

at

C. 53.

257

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV.

at the Time of making the said Capture, and that he is now serving as a in the Regiment of . Given under

our Hands at the Day of 18 .

Commanding Officer.

Adjutant.

Paymaster.

SCHEDULE (E.)

Certificate for a Soldier who has been discharged.

These are to certify, That we have examined the above-named who signed or acknowledged the above Order in our Presence; and from the Documents he has shown us, and his Answers to our Questions, we have Reason to believe that the said was serving in the above mentioned Regiment

at the Time of making the above Capture, and that he was discharged on the Day of 18; that

he now resides in this Parish, and is an Out-Pensioner of Chelsea Hospital, at per Diem.

Given under our Hands at near the Post Town

of this Day of 18 .

Minister.

Churchwarden or Overseer.

Elder.

If not a Pensioner, these Words to be erased.

Directions for executing the above Certificate.

The above Certificate must be signed by the Minister and One of the Churchwardens or Overseers {or Elders) of the Parish in which the discharged Soldier resides, who should have the Man's Instructions produced to him, if a Pensioner, and if not, his Discharge, the Date of which it is absolutely necessary should be inserted in the Space left for that Purpose.

SCHEDULE (F.)

Order for paying the Prize Money of deceased.

Name. Company or Troop. Rank. Trade I or | Calling. | Place of Birth.

I £ s. d.

cu

i *>o

. - a, M

s g m

O cs

s

At Seven Days Sight pay to [or to the Order of the Regimental Agent] the Amount of the Share of Prize or Bounty Money due to in respect of his Service as a in the Regiment of

at the Capture of in the Month of 18

To the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer 1

of Chelsea Hospital. f '

Next of Kin of the above-mentioned Deceased [or Representatives, as the Case may fe.]

2 Gul.IV.

S

"258

C. 53.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Directions for executing the Order,

The above Order must be signed by the Claimant at the Mark (*). The Certificate (F.F.) must be signed by the Minister and One of the Churchwardens or Overseers (or Elder) of the Parish or Place where the Person making the Order resides; and the Minister is particularly requested to satisfy himself that the Person signing the above Order is the legal Representative of the Deceased, the Date of whose Death it is absolutely necessary -should be inserted in the Space left for that Purpose.

SCHEDULE (F.F.)

Certificate for a Person who is entitled to the Prize Money of a deceased Soldier.

These are to certify, That we have examined the above-named the Claimant, who signed or acknowledged the above Order in our Presence; and from the Documents shown to us, and Answers to our Questions, we have

Reason to believe that the above-named Party

originally entitled, is dead; that he died on and that the said the Claimant, is the

and legal Representative of the said Deceased; and that now resides in this Parish, and is duly

entitled to receive the same.

Given under our Hands at near the Post Town

of this Day of One thousand eight hundred and

Minister.

Churchwarden or Overseer.

Elder.

SCHEDULE (H.)

By virtue of the Authority in us vested by an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws relating to '* the Payment of Army Prize Money," we, the undersigned Commissioners of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea, do hereby .require you, within Two Calendar Months next after the Time at which this Precept shall be served, to deliver or transmit to the Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, upon Oath, an Account of all Monies by you received under or by virtue of any Powers of Attorney or Power of Attorney, Orders or Order, by which you have been authorized to receive any Prize Monies or other Monies payable to the Army; and in case the said Monies so received by you under or by virtue of such Powers or Power, Orders or Order, as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, have been paid over, then to whom the same or any Part thereof has been so paid over as aforesaid: And we do by virtue of the said Authority further require, that you shall at the same Time pay or remit to the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital such Part of the said Monies as shall remain in your Hands unpaid, for the Parties beneficially entitled to it ? and to deliver or transmit such Account as aforesaid, within the

Time

. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 53, 54.

259

Time in that Behalf above mentioned, you shall by no means neglect or refuse, under the Penalty in that Behalf provided. Given under our Hands, this Day of in the

Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and

SCHEDULE (K.)

The Account of the Deputy Treasurer of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea, directed to he annually laid before the Houses of Parliament by an Act passed intituled " An Act [the Title

of this Act.]

Date of i Y^r* To £5 per Cent, deducted from Prize Money - -J Deductions from, &c.

[State Particulars.] To Cash arising from forfeited and unclaimed Shares of > Prize Money, Grants, &c. - J [Here set forth the Names of the several Persons from whom the Monies have been received, the several Sums received from each Person, and the several Captures, , fyc. c. to which each Sum relates.] To ditto, arising from the Dividends or Interest of Monies I invested in the Public Funds > or other Government Securities - -J [Here state Particulars.] £ s. d. Date of Year. By Part of the \ said £5 per 1 Cent, paid or > invested in the I Funds - -J By Cash refunded l to Claimants - J By other Payments; viz.

[Set them outi] By Sums paid for the Royal Hospital, as follows: [Here set out Particulars.] By Monies invested in the I PublicFundsor (other Government Securities - -J £ s.d.

By Balance inY the Hands of the Treasurer J

CAP. LIV.

An Act for making Provision for the Dispatch of the Business now done by the Court of Exchequer in Scotland.

[23d June 1832.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the 4' Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for settling and 6 Anne, c. 53.

establishing a Court of Exchequer in the North Part of Great Britain called Scotland, it was enacted, that from and after the ' Fifth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and eight a 4 Court of Exchequer in Scotland should be and by Authority of that Act was thereby erected, constituted, and established in


260

C. 54-

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

48 G. 3. c. 145.

1 W.4. c. 63.

No Successors to be appointed to the present Barons.

Discharge of Duties of the Court upon Retirement or

and for Scotland, and that such Court should be and was thereby enacted to be a Court of Record, Revenue, and Judicature for and within Scotland, as therein mentioned: And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for enabling His Majesty to grant Annuities to the Judges of the Court of Session,

4 Justiciary, and Exchequer of Scotland, upon the Resignation of their Offices, it was enacted, that it should be lawful for His Majesty to grant unto any Person who should have entered the Office of Chief Baron of the said Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or of a Baron of the same Court, and who should have resigned any speh Office, an Annuity or yearly Sum of Money not exceeding Three Fourth Parts of the Salary appertaining to such Office at the Time of the Resignation thereof, and that every such Annuity or yearly Sum should commence from and after the Period when the Person to whom any such Annuity or yearly Sum should be granted as aforesaid should have resigned his Office, and to continue from thenceforth for his natural Life, payable out of the Duty and Revenues in Scotland,

as therein mentioned; provided always, that no such Annuity or yearly Sum should be so granted to the said Chief Baron or Barons of the said Court unless he or they should have continued in One or more of the said Offices for the Space of Fifteen Years, or be afflicted by some permanent Infirmity disabling him from the due Execution of his Office, which should be distinctly recited in the said Grant: And whereas by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for uniting the Benefits of Jury Trials in Civil Causes with the ordinary Jurisdiction of the Court of Session, and for making certain other Alterations and Reductions in the Judicial Establishments in Scotland, it was enacted, that as Vacancies should occur in the Office of the Baron of the said Court of Exchequer, the same should not be filled up until the Number of such Barons should be reduced so that the said Court should consist of the Lord Chief Baron and One Baron only: And whereas, with a view to render the Administration of Justice in Matters of Revenue in Scotland less expensive, it is expedient that on the Retirement or Decease of the said Lord Chief Baron of Exchequer, or any of the other Barons of the said Court, 4 no Successors should be appointed to their respective Offices, and that fit Provisions should be made for the Performance of the Duties of their respective Offices, and also for facilitating the Retirement of the said Lord Chief Baron and other Barons of the said Court Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, upon the Retirement or Decease of the present Lord Chief Baron or any of the present Barons of the said Court, no Successors shall be appointed to their respective Offices.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Retirement or Decease of any of the existing Judges of the said Court of Exchequer all the judicial and other Duties now discharged

by

A.D. 1832.

3° GULIELMI IV. C. 54.

261

by the said Court, or by any of the Judges thereof, shall be dis* Death of the charged by the remaining Judges of that Court, or the last remaining Judge thereof, as the Case may be.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Retirement or Decease of the last remaining Baron or Chief Baron, all the Duties and Powers which are by this Act directed to be discharged and performed by and vested in such last remaining Baron or Chief Baron shall be transferred to, discharged, and performed by and vested in such one of the Judges of the Court of Session (such Judge not being one of the Judges of the Court of Justiciary) as His Majesty shall from Time to Time be pleased to name; and such Judge shall have full Power and Authority to try all such Suits and Causes in the said Court of Exchequer, either in Term or out of Term, as he shall appoint: Provided nevertheless, that nothing in this Act contained shall abridge or alter the Jurisdiction or Powers of the said Court of Exchequer.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time after the Power given to passing of this Act the Number of the Barons of the said Court Judge of the shall be reduced, or after the Retirement or Decease of the last ^raniT remaining Baron as herein-before mentioned, then and in such Warrant for Case it shall and may be lawful, during the Indisposition or Ab- issuing Com-sence of the Baron and Barons of such Court to which the same missions, shall be reduced, or of the Judge of the Court of Session to be appointed to try the Suits and Causes in the said Court as herein-before mentioned, to and for the Judge of the Court of

Session officiating as Lord Ordinary upon the Bills for the Time being to grant Warrant for the issuing of all Commissions to find Debts, and Fiats for the issuing of all Writs and Extents and other Process issuable out of the said Court of Exchequer, and also to revise such Signatures for the granting of Crown Charters, as may be of an urgent Nature and require Dispatch, in like Manner and to as full Force and Effect as the Lord Chief Baron or other Barons of the said Court are now by Law authorized to do; any Law, Practice, or Custom to the contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding.

V. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this As to the An Act the said Provision in the said recited Act of the Forty-eighth miIties to l, L* Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third Q^/and other contained, making Fifteen Years official Service or some per- Barons, manent Infirmity a necessary Condition to the granting the

Annuities or yearly Sums of Money therein mentioned, shall not extend to the present Lord Chief Baron of the said Court or to the other present Barons of the said Court who shall resign their Offices: Provided nevertheless, that the Annuity or yearly Sum of Money to be granted to the said Lord Chief Baron by virtue of the said Act or of this Act shall not exceed the Sum of Two thousand Pounds per Annum; and that the Annuities or yearly Sum of Money to be granted to each of the other Barons who shall retire shall not exceed One thousand five hundred Pounds per Annum. Salary to Judge

VI. And be it enacted, That in consideration of the Services of thQ Court of to be performed by the Judge of the Court of Session to whom Sessl?n ke the Duties and Powers of the present Lord Chief Baron and pj^of the*1 Barons of Exchequer are to be transferred, it shall be lawful for Barons of

S 3 His Exchequer.

several Barons.

After Retirement or Death of the last Baron, Duties to he discharged by a Judge of the Court of Session.

263

C. 54 — 56.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

His Majesty to grant Warrants for paying to the said Judge a Salary or yearly Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of Six hundred Pounds; which Sum of Money shall be payable out of the same Fund from which the Salaries of the present Lord Chief Baron and other Barons are now payable.

CAP. LV.

An Act to apply the Sum of Four Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

[23d June 1832.]

CAP. LVI.

An Act to extend the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners acting in the Execution of Three Acts for paving and regulating the Regents Park, and several Streets and Places in Westminster, to certain other Streets and Places in Westminster; and for other Purposes.

[23d June 1832.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign

5 G.4. c. loo. 4 of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for mare effectually paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and regulating the Regent's Park, together with the new Street from the Regent's Park to Pall Mall, and the new Streets and ImprovemenJts in the Neighbourhood of Parliament Street and Privy Gardens, and for maintaining a convenient Sewage for the same9 4 Commissioners were appointed for paving, lighting, watching, 4 cleansing, watering, maintaining, keeping in order, and improving. the several Streets, Squares, Circuses, Gardens, Ways, 4 Passages, Courts, Gardens, Shrubberies, and ornamental Inclosures made and laid out, and thereafter to be made and laid out, within the Limits defined by Three separate Maps or Plans authenticated and deposited as in the said Act is mentioned, one of the said Plans being marked Number I., and intituled Plan of the Crown Property in the Regent's Park? 4 another of the said Plans being marked Number II., and intituled Plan of the new Street," and the other of the said Plans being marked Number III., and intituled Plan of the Crown Estate in the Neighbourhood of Charing Cross Street, Whitehall, Privy Gardens, and Richmond Terracebut subject, as to the Nature and Extent of the Duties and Power of the said Commissioners over some of the Places comprised in the said Plans, to certain Variations, Exceptions, and Restrictions which were expressed in the said Act by reference to the said Plans, and to Parts marked with different Colours in the said Plans; and the said Commissioners were by the same Act authorized to assess certain Rates, and various Duties were imposed upon them, and various Powers vested in them for carrying into effect the Purposes of the said Act, including Powers and Directions to the said Commissioners to pave, light, water, cleanse, and regulate the Streets and Places comprised in the said Plan marked Number III., and to assess and levy Rates for Payment of the Expences of such paving, lighting, watering, cleansing, and regulating; and by the same Act the said Commissioners

are

2° GULIELMI IV. C. 5.

263

are appointed Commissioners of Sewers for maintaining and keeping in repair the principal or common Sewer from the Regents Park aforesaid to Charing Cross, and from thence to the River Thames, and also the other Drains, Watercourses, and Communications made under the Authorities and Provisions of an Act of the Fifty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, therein referred to, and also for making,

maintaining, and keeping in repair such other Sewers, Drains,

and Watercourses as might be necessary for supplying a proper or more effectual Drainage to all or any of the said Streets *

4 Squares, Circuses, Terraces, Roads, Ways, Courts, Passages,

and Places set out and delineated in the said several Maps and Plans before mentioned, and each of them, or which might be thereafter set out on the Ground therein contained, with such further Powers for enabling the said Commissioners to make a 4 complete and effectual Drainage of the said Premises as in the said Act mentioned, including a Provision, that in order to repay the Monies already raised and thereafter to be raised and applied as therein mentioned on account of the said Sewage, and to defray the Expences of making and keeping in repair the Sewers, Drains, Watercourses, and Cominunicar tions by the said Act now in recital placed under their Charge and Management, it should be lawful for the said Commissioners for executing the said now-reciting Act, or any Three or more of them, to make any Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, by an equal Pound Rate, from Time to Time as they should see Occasion, upon all Houses, Buildings, Lands, or Tenements which should be drained by means of the said Sewers, Drains, Watercourses, and Communications, and to collect and receive the said last-mentioned Rates and Assessments in manner therein specified; and by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for extending the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners acting 6 G. 4. c. 38. 4 in the Execution of an Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Jor paving and regulating die Regent's Park,

together with the new Street from thence to Pall Mall, and for other Purposes relating thereto, such Part of New Palace Yard, Saint Margaret Street, and Old Palace Yard, and the Streets and Places adjoining thereto, as were then, as to the paving, lights ing, and cleansing thereof, under the Charge and Management of the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Works, were placed,

as to the paving, lighting, and cleansing thereof, under the Charge and Management of the Commissioners acting in execur tion of the said recited Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty; and another Map or Plan, authenticated and deposited as in the said Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty is mentioned, and thereby expressed to be marked Number IV., was thereby referred to; and so much of the Carriage Pavement of the said Streets and Places as was under the Charge and Management of the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Works was in the same Plan coloured. Brown;

and so much of the Foot Pavement of the same Streets and Places as was under the Charge and Management of the said Surveyor General of His Majesty's Works was in the said Map

S 4 ' coloured

264

C. 56.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

coloured Pink; and all the Powers by the said Act of the Fifth

Year of the Reign of His late Majesty vested in the said Commissioners acting in the Execution thereof with respect to the Streets and Places comprehended and described in the said Plan marked Number III., and by. the same Act placed under their Jurisdiction, were by the said Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty extended, so far as the same were applicable, to the Streets and Places by the said last-mentioned Act placed under the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners; and by the same Act various Powers and Provisions and Directions are given for better carrying into effect the Purposes of the said Act, including a Power to the said Commissioners to assess Rates for paying the Expence of paving, lighting, watering, and cleansing the Streets and Places

thereby placed under their Charge and Management; and by an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His said late

9 G. 4. c. 64. Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to extend the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners acting in the Execution of Two 4 Acts for paving and regulating the Regent's Park, together with the new Street from thence to Pall Mall, and to amend the said Acts, the Commissioners of the said Acts of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty were appointed Commissioners for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and otherwise regulating and improving certain Streets, Squares, 4 Terraces, and Improvements made and then in progress upon Land belonging to His Majesty, lately the Site of Carlton Palace and of the Gardens thereof; and certain Mews or Stables and Coach-houses and Buildings connected therewith, 4 erected on other Ground belonging to His Majesty, situate on the East Side of Prince's Street in the City of Westminster, 4 called or intended to be called The Westminster Mews" and the Streets in the same Act called Parliament Street and Bridge Street, and the Terrace or Pavement of New Palace Yard, and the Passages and Places adjoining thereto, which were then, as to the paving, lighting, watering, and cleansing thereof, under the Charge and Management of the Committee for paving the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, Westminster, were, as to the paving, lighting, watering, and cleansing thereof, placed under the Charge and Management of the Com' 4 missioners acting in the Execution of the said Two former Acts, 4 in the same Manner as if the said Streets and Places had been included in and delineated and set out in the said Plan marked Number III. mentioned and referred to in the said first-recited Act; and Part of a Road, delineated in the Plan Number I., 4 referred to in the said Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, called Albany Road, was, as to the Maintenance, Support, watching, cleansing, and Regulation thereof, 4 placed under the Charge and Management of the said Commissioners; and the other Streets and Places by the said Act 4 of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty placed under the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners as therein mentioned were delineated in Three other Maps, authenticated and deposited as therein mentioned, marked respectively with the Numbers V., VI., and VII .; and of which Plans, Number V.

C. 56.

265

+comprised the Streets and Places on the Site of Carlton Palace and Gardens, and which Streets and Places, so far as the same were coloured Blue in the said Plan, were to be paved, lighted, watered, cleansed, and regulated, maintained, supported, and kept in order, according to the Directions of the said Act now in recital, and so far as the same were coloured Red in the said Plan were to be under the Controul and Superintendence of the said Commissioners, as to the Manner of constructing and ornamenting, and as to the defacing, altering, or using the Houses or other Buildings erected on or at the Sides thereof; and of which said Plans, Number VI. contained the Westminster Mews, the Interior of which was also to be paved, lighted, watched, cleansed, watered, and regulated according to the Directions of the Act now in recital; and of which said Plans, Number VII. contained Parliament Street, Bridge Street, and the Terrace or Foot Pavement of New Palace Yard, and the Passages and Places adjoining thereto, which so far as the same were coloured Blue in the said Plan were also to be paved, lighted, watered, cleansed, and regulated according to the Directions of the said Act now in recital, and so far as the same were coloured Red on the said Plan were to be under the Controul and Superintendence of the said Commissioners, as to the Manner of constructing and ornamenting, and as to the defacing, altering, or using the Houses or other Buildings

erected on or at the Sides thereof; and in the said Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty various Powers and Provisions are contained for carrying into effect the PurL 4 poses of the same Act, including a Power to the said Commissioners to assess and levy Rates for defraying the Expences of paving, forming, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watering the Streets and Places by the said Acts of the Fifth and Sixth Years and also by the said Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty respectively placed under the Charge and Management of the said Commissioners as to the paving, lighting, watering, and cleansing thereof (except the said Westminster Mews) , in lieu and stead of the several Rates by the said Acts of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign aforesaid authorized to be made and collected for paving, repairing, 4 cleansing, lighting, watching, and watering, as therein mentioned: And whereas Cockspur Street and Charing Cross Street in the City of Westminster are, as to the paving, lighting, and cleansing thereof, under the Controul and Management of the Committee for paving the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields; and Great George Street, Little Bridge Street, and the Street leading from Great George Street to Saint Margarets Church-6 yard, all in the said City of Westminster, and all herein-after more particularly defined, are, as to the paving, lighting, and cleansing thereof, under the Controul and Management of the Committee for paving the United Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, Westminster: And whereas it is expedient that Great George Street, Little Bridge Street, and the Street leading from Great George Street to Saint Margarets Churchyard, should, as to the paving, repairing, lighting, watering, and cleansing thereof, and that the Carriageway of Cock-

spur

Great George Street and other Places in Westminster plaecd under the Charge of the Commissioners acting in execution of the recited Acts.

C. 56. 2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 182.

spur Street and Charing Cross Street should, as to the paving, 4 repairing, watering, and cleansing thereof, be placed under the Charge and Management of the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said Acts of the Fifth, Sixth, and Ninth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty, and that, subject to the Restrictions and Variations herein-after mentioned, the said Commissioners should be invested with the same Powers and Authorities with respect to the said last-mentioned Streets and Places so placed under their Charge and Management as the said Commissioners are invested with by the said Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, or by any of the other Acts herein-before mentioned, with respect to the Streets and Places comprehended and described in the said Plan marked Number III., and that such Provisions should be made as are herein-after mentioned with respect to the Funds to be raised by Rates assessed by the said Commissioners under the said recited Acts and under this Act, and the Funds to be otherwise obtained by the same Commissioners to defray the Expences of paving, lighting, watering, cleansing, and regulating the Streets and Places under their Jurisdiction, and that such Provisions as are herein-after mentioned should be made for the Regulation of the Streets and Places by this Act 4 placed under the Charge and Management of the said Commissioners; and it is also expedient that the Powers by the said Act of the Fifth Year of His late Majesty given to the said Commissioners to make Rates or Assessments from Time to Time upon Houses, Buildings, Lands, or Tenements which should be drained by means of the Sewers, Drains, Watercourses, and Communications by the same Act placed under the Management, Survey, Controul, and Direction of the said Commissioners, should be extended to such Houses, Buildings,

4 Lands, or Tenements in the Regent's Park and Regent Street as are drained by Sewers belonging to the Commissioners of Sewers for the City and Liberty of Westminster and Part of the County of Middlesex, but are not rateable or assessable by the same Commissioners by reason that such Houses, Buildings,

4 Lands, or Tenements do not lie within the District of such last-mentioned Commissioners May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Great George Street, Little Bridge Street, and the Portion hereinafter more particularly defined of the Street leading from Great George Street to Saint Margaret's Churchyard, shall from and after the passing of this Act be and remain, as to the paving, lighting, cleansing, and watering thereof, and that the Carriageways of Cockspur Street and Charing Cross Street shall from and after the passing of this Act be and remain, as to the paving, repairing, and watering and cleansing thereof, under the Charge and Management of the Commissioners acting in execution of the said recited Acts of the Fifth, Sixth, and Ninth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty, and also be and remain to all Intents and Purposes subject to and within the Jurisdiction, Power, and

Authority

2° GULIELMI IV. C. 56.

267

Authority of the said Commissioners, in the same Manner, except in the Particulars herein-after mentioned, as if the said Streets and Places, and Parts of Streets and Places, had been included in and delineated and set out in the Plan marked Number III. mentioned in the said recited Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty.

II. And whereas for ascertaining the Streets and Places, and Plans for distin Parts of Streets and Places, intended by this Act to be placed gulsh*ng Streets under the Charge and Management of the said Commissioners, Commissioners as to the paving, lighting, watering, cleansing, and regulating to deposited thereof, Two separate Maps or Plans have been made for the in the Office of Purpose of being deposited in the Office of the Commissioners Woods, and

of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, one of nQ c_op£

which Maps or Plans marked Number VIII. comprehends and Parfia-

describes the Carriageways of Cockspur Street and Charing ment Office;

Cross Street, being coloured Yellow in the same Map or Plan, and the other of the said Maps or Plans marked Number IX.

comprehends and describes Great George Street, Little Bridge Street, the Portion of the Street leading from Great George Street to Saint Margarets Churchyard, in the same Map or Plan *' respectively coloured Pink; all which said Streets and Places respectively comprehended and described in the said Map 4 numbered IX., and marked with the Colour Pink, are, as to .4 the paving, lighting, cleansing, watering, and regulating thereof,

and the Carriageways of Cockspur Street and Charing Cross Street coloured Yellow in the said Map numbered VIII. are, as to the paving, repairing, watering, cleansing, and regulating thereof, intended to be by this Act placed under the Charge and Management of the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said Acts of the Fifth, Sixth, and Ninth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty, the Intent and Meaning of this Act being, that the Footways of Cockspur Street and Charing Cross Street\ on both Sides of such Streets, including the whole Footway from Buckingham Court to Pall Mall, shall remain under the Charge and Management of the Committee under whose Charge and Management the same now are; be it therefore enacted, That the said Plans numbered VIII. and IX. respectively, after the same shall have been severally authenticated by the Signature of the Right Honourable the Speaker of the House of Commons, shall be deposited with and remain in the Custody of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods,

Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings; and One Copy

of each of the said Maps or Plans, signed by the Speaker of the

House of Commons, shall be deposited in the Parliament Office;

and One other Copy, so signed, shall be deposited with the Clerk and another

of the Peace for the County of Middlesex within Three Calendar

Months after the passing of this Act, to the end that all Persons ^fthe Peace1

may at all seasonable Times have Liberty to inspect the same at for Middlesex,

their Will and Pleasure, paying the Sum of One Shilling for each there to remain

Inspection, and to take Copies from the said Maps or Plans, or open for In-

Cither of them, or from any Part or Parts thereof, paying the spection *

Sum of One Shilling for every Copy so taken; and the said Maps or Plans, and the Copies thereof, so signed and authenticated as aforesaid, shall be received in Evidence in all Proceedings

relating

2° GULIELMI IV. C. 56.

A.D. 1832.

Powers of Parochial Paving Committees to cease in respect of the Carriageways of Streets in Plan No. VIII. and of the Streets and Places in Plan No. IX.

Property of such Carriageways, &c. vested in the Commissioners;

except as to Materials of Footways of Cockspur Street and Charing Cross Street.

relating to the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners and the Execution and Provisions of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act all the Duties and Powers of the Paving Committee of the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, with respect to the paving, lighting, watering, and cleansing the Streets and Places comprehended and described in the said Plan marked Number

VIII., or any of them, and all the Duties and Powers of the Paving Committee of the United Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, Westminster, with respect to the paving, lighting, watering, and cleansing the Streets and Places comprehended and described in the said Plan marked Number

IX., (but without Prejudice to the Powers of such Committees respectively to recover the Arrears of any Rates which have been assessed and shall then be due,) and also the Property of the said Committees in the Materials of the Pavements, and in all Materials laid down or driven for repairing the Pavements, and also in all Lamps, Lamp Posts, Lamp Irons, Posts, Rails, Fences, and Gates upon or belonging to the said Streets and Places comprehended and described in the said Plan marked Number IX., respectively shall cease and determine, except as to the Powers and Duties of the said Committee for paving and lighting the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, so far as relates to the paving, repairing, lighting, watering, cleansing, and regulating the Footways of Cockspur Street and Charing Cross Street, and except as to the Property of the same Committee in the Materials of the Footways of Cockspur Street and Charing Cross Street, and in the Materials laid down or driven for repairing the same Footways, and in the Lamps, Lamp Posts, Lamp Irons, Posts, Rails, Fences, and Gates upon or belonging to the same Footways: Provided nevertheless, that so far as relates to any Action, Suit, Prosecution, or Proceeding which shall be pending or shall have commenced before the passing of this Act, the Cesser of the Powers of the said Committees respectively, and of the Property of the said Committees respectively in the said several Articles and Things respectively, under the Clause last herein-before contained, shall for the Purposes of such Action, Suit, Prosecution, or Proceeding, but for such Purpose only, be suspended or not take place till such Action, Suit, Prosecution, or Proceeding shall be determined.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Stone, Granite, and other Materials forming the present Pavement, or laid down or driven for the Purpose of repairing the Pavement of the Streets and Places comprehended and described in the said Plans marked Number VIII. and Number IX. respectively, and hereby placed under the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners for executing this Act, and all Lamps, Lamp Posts, Lamp Irons, Posts, Rails, Fences, and Gates upon or belonging to the said Streets and Places, and the Property in which is now vested in the said Paving Committees of the said Parishes of Saint Martin in the Fields, and the said United Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, Westminster, respectively, (except as to the Materials for repairing the Footways of Cockspur Street and Charing Cross Street, and the Lamps, Lamp Posts, Lamp Irons,

Posts,

2° GULIELMI IV. C. 56.

269

Posts, Rails, Fences, and Gates upon or belonging to the same Footways,) shall, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, be vested in the said Commissioners for executing this Act, subject only and without Prejudice to the Suspension of the Cesser of the Property of any of the said Committees and Commissioners respectively during the Pendency of any Actions,

Suits, Prosecutions, or Proceedings which shall have commenced before the passing of this Act as aforesaid.

V. And for defraying the Expences of paving and repairing, Rates to be cleansing, lighting, and watering, as well the several Streets, made. Squares, Circuses, Terraces, Roads, Ways, Courts, Passages, and Places by the said recited Acts of the Fifth, Sixth, and Ninth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth respectively directed to be paved, repaired, cleansed, lighted, and watered by the said Commissioners acting in execution of those Acts (except Westminster Mews aforesaid) , as also the several Streets and Places by this Act directed to be paved, lighted, watered, and cleansed by the said Commissioners, and for the Purposes of the other Payments herein-after in that Behalf mentioned, and in lieu and stead of the Rates and Assessments by the said recited Acts or any of them authorized to be made and collected for paving or repairing, cleansing, lighting, watching, and watering; be it further enacted, That One or more Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall be laid and assessed by the said Commissioners for executing this Act, at yearly or half-yearly Periods, or oftener if they shall judge it needful, upon all Houses, and all Cathedral, Collegiate, and other Churches,

Parochial and other Chapels, Places for Religious Worship, Hospitals and Schools, and all Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houses,

Stables, Cellars, and Vaults, and all other Buildings or Tenements, public or private, and all Spaces of Ground, in or abutting upon or fronting the Streets, Squares, Circuses, Terraces, Roads,

Ways, Courts, Passages, and Places set out or intended to be set out on the Ground delineated and described on the said Map or Plan marked Number I. referred to in the said recited Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Fourth, and in the Streets, Squares, Circuses, Terraces, Ways,

Courts, Passages, and Places delineated and coloured Brown in the said Map or Plan marked Number II. referred to in the same Act, and directed to be paved or repaired, cleansed, lighted, and watered by the said Commissioners, and in the Streets, Squares,

Circuses, Terraces, Ways, Courts, Passages, and Places set out and delineated on the said Map or Plan marked Number III. referred to in the same Act, and in the Streets and Places, and Parts of Streets and Places, which are by the said recited Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Fourth placed under the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners; and in the Streets, Squares, Terraces, Passages, and Places, set out or to be set out on the Ground delineated and described on the said Map or Plan marked Number V. in the said Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty referred to, and in the Streets, Passages, and Places delineated and described in the said Map or Plan marked Number VII. in the same Act referred to, and in the Road called the Albany Road,

in

270

C. 56.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

His Majesty, as Owner of public Buildings, liable to be rated.

Rates to be assessed equally, except, &c.

Not to prejju-dice Right to recover Arrears now due under recited Acts.

in the same Act also referred to, and delineated in the said Han marked Number I. referred to in the said Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty as aforesaid, and also in the Streets and Places delineated and described in the said Plans respectively marked Number VIII. and Number IX. in this Act referred to, in such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall order and direct, so nevertheless that such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, as the said Commissioners for executing this Act are hereby empowered to lay and assess, do not exceed in the whole in any one Year the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence in the Pound according to the yearly Value of the said Houses and Premises, or, in Cases where under the Provisions herein-after contained the Rates or Assessments shall be made according to the Number of Square Yards of Pavement, the Sum of Two Shillings for each such Square Yard.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the King's most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, as Owner or Owners of any public Building or Buildings which may be situate within the Limits of any of the said recited Acts of the Fifth, Sixth, and Ninth Years of His said late Majesty's Reign, or of this Act, and within which the Commissioners for executing this Act are hereby empowered to lay or assess Rates or Assessments, shall be liable to be rated and assessed to the several Rates and Asessments for the Purposes of such Acts in like Manner as the Owners or Proprietors of other public Buildings within the Limits of the said Acts are liable to be rated and assessed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, subject to the Provisions herein-after contained for making Assessments in certain Cases according to the Number of Square Yards of Pavement, the said Rates or Assessments which the Commissioners for executing this Act are hereby empowered to lay and assess shall be laid and assessed equally on the Houses, Cathedral, Collegiate, and other Churches, Parochial and other Chapels, Places for Religious Worship, Hospitals, Schools, Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, and Spaces of Ground in, abutting upon, or fronting all the said several Streets, Squares, Circuses, Terraces, Roads, Ways, Courts, Passages, Places, and Parts of Streets and Places; provided only, that if any One or more of the said Streets, Squares, Circuses, Terraces, Roads* Ways, Courts, Passages, Places, and Parts of Streets and Places, shall be watered, whilst any other or others of them shall not be watered, such additional Rate may be laid and assessed in such One or more of the said Streets, Squares, Circuses, Terraces, Roads, Ways, Courts, Passages, Places, and Parts of Streets and Places, as shall be so watered, beyond the Rate laid and assessed in the other or others of them, as the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall consider equivalent to the Expence of so watering the same.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall prejudice the Right of the said Commissioners for executing this Act to recover any Arrears which may be or become due in respect of any Rate or Assessment made by them under the Authority of the said recited Acts of

13 the

A.D. 1832.

2° GULIELMI IV. C. 56.

271

the Fifth, Sixth, and Ninth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Fourth, or of any of them.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all the several Powers and Provisions respectively contained in the said recited Acts of the Fifth and Ninth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Fourth, with reference to the making of the Rates by those Acts authorized to be made, and with reference to the Payment thereof and the Liability to pay the same, and with reference to the Recovery thereof when in arrear, except so far as any of the Powers and Provisions of the said Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign aforesaid are repealed or altered by the said Act of the Ninth Year of the same Reign, and except so far as any of the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts of the Fifth and Ninth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty are by this Act expressly altered and repealed, shall be and the same are hereby extended and made applicable to the making of the several Rates by this Act authorized to be made, and to the Payment and Recovery thereof, and to the enabling the said Commissioners to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money on the Security thereof, in the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Powers and Provisions had been severally hereby repeated and re-enacted with reference thereto; and that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to include in their Assessments of Rates hereby authorized to be assessed the Corner or Return Houses and other Buildings or Tenements standing or erected at the Corners or Angles of any Street or Square, Circus, Terrace, Court, Passage, or Way which shall cross or branch from any of the said Streets, Squares, Terraces, Courts, Passages, or Ways, the Houses and Buildings abutting or fronting upon which are hereby authorized to be assessed; and the cleansing of such Corner or Return Houses, Buildings, or Tenements shall be performed by the said Commissioners.

X. And be it further enacted, That all the Provisions contained in the said Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, with respect to the rating and assessing Houses and Buildings which are empty or unoccupied at the Time of making such Rates and Assessments, and levying Half only of the full Rates and Assessments for the Time that such Houses shall continue empty or unoccupied, and as to the Person or Persons by whom such Rates or Assessments shall be paid, and as to the Deductions to be made by Tenants or Occupiers out of their Rents in respect of the Payment of such Rates or Assessments, shall extend and be applicable to the Houses and Buildings in all the Streets and Places by any of the said recited Acts or by this Act placed under the Charge and Management of the said Commissioners, as to the paving, lighting, watering, and cleansing thereof.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the several Powers and Provisions contained in the said recited Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and not repealed by the said Act of the Ninth Year of the same Reign, or by this Act, relative to the Rates and Assessments by the said Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty to be laid and assessed, and to the Recovery thereof, and of the

Arrears

Powers of recited Acts 5 G. 4. c. 100. and 9 G. 4. c. 64., as to the making and collecting of Rates, extended to this Act.

Corner Houses to be included in the Rate.

Provisions in 9 G. 4. c. 64. as to Half Rates extended to this Act.

Powers of 5 G. 4. c. 100., with respect to the Recovery of Rates, extended to this Act.

272

C. 56.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Provisions of 9 G. 4. c. 64., as to the Rates upon Cathedrals, Churches, &c., extended to this Act.

Paving Committee of St. Martin in the Fields to pay annually 65S/.

Such annual Sum to be paid by half-yearly Payments.

No Rate to be made upon Houses, &c. fronting Cock-spur Street and Charing Cross Street, unless the annual Sum of 6531. be in arrear.

In case of Arrear for Forty Days, Commissioners may rate Houses, &c. fronting Cock-spur Street.

Arrears thereof, shall, so far as the same are applicable, extend, and the same are hereby extended to the Half of such Rates or Assessments, and to the Recovery thereof and of all Arrears thereof, in all Cases in which such Half shall be payable under this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Provisions contained in the said Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty with respect to the Mode of assessing and ascertaining the Rates upon or in respect of any Cathedral, Collegiate, or other Church, Chapel, Place of Religious Worship, Hospital, public School, or other public Building, or any Wall or void Space of Ground, and the Mode of paying the same Rates, and also the Provisions in the same Act contained with respect to the Liabilities of outgoing and incoming Tenants respectively in Cases where any Person shall quit any House or Building which shall be immediately afterwards occupied by some othdr Person, shall extend and be applicable to the Rates assessed under the Authority of this Act in like Manner as if the same Provisions respectively were in this Act repeated and re-enacted.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee for lighting and paving the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields shall pay or cause to be paid to the Commissioners for executing this Act, or their Treasurer for the Time being, the clear annual Sum of Six hundred and fifty-three Pounds, to be applied by the said Commissioners in manner herein-after mentioned.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Payment of the said annual Sum of Six hundred and fifty-three Pounds shall commence as from the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two; and that the first half-yearly Payment shall be made on the Twenty-fourth Day of December next after the passing of this Act, and the next half-yearly Payment on the Twenty-fourth Day of June then next; and that from thenceforth the same shall be paid by Two equal half-yearly Payments on the Twenty-fourth Day of June and the Twenty-fourth Day of December in every Year.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall not lay or assess any Rate or Assessment, under the Power herein-before in that Behalf contained, upon any Houses, Churches, Chapels, Places of Religious Worship, Hospitals, Schools, Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, or other Buildings or Spaces of Ground abutting or fronting the Footways of Cockspur Street and Charing Cross Street, unless and until the said annual Sum of Six hundred and fifty-three Pounds herein-before directed to be paid by the Committee for lighting and paving the Parish of Saint Martin's in the Fields, or some half-yearly Payment thereof, or some Part thereof, shall be in arrear for the Space of Forty Days next after the same shall have become due.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That after the said annual Sum of Six hundred and fifty-three Pounds, or any half-yearly Payment thereof, or any Part thereof, shall be in arrear for the Space of Forty Days after the same shall be due as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for executing this Act, when and so often as any such Default in Payment shall happen.

A.D. 1832.

2° GULIELMI IV;

C. 56.

273:

and at any Time or Times thereafter, in pursuance of the Power herein-before contained, to lay or assess* collect, and receive any Rate or Assessment, Rates or Assessments, upon the Houses, Churches, Chapels, Places of Religious Worship, Hospitals, Schools, Shops, Warehouses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, or other Buildings or Spaces of Ground abutting upon or fronting the Footway of Cock&pur Street and Charing Cross Street, in such or the like Manner as such Commissioners could or might have done under this Act in case the Clause or Provision last hereinbefore contained had not been inserted in this Act; and that the Money to be received in respect of any such Rate or Assessment as last herein-before is mentioned shall be applied in the first place in paying the Expence of imposing, collecting, and receiving such Rate or Assessment, and.in the next place in paying the Arrear which shall for the Time being be due of the said annual Sum of Six hundred and fifty-three Pounds; and the Surplus of such Money (if any) shall be retained by the said Commissioners for executing this Act, and applied by them from Time to Time to answer the future growing Payments of the said annual Sum of Six hundred and fifty^three Pounds, till such Money shall be exhausted.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall render any Member of the said Committee for lighting and paving the Parish of Saint Martin in ike Fields, individually, or any Goods, Chattels, or Effects belonging to any such Member as an Individual, liable to the said annual Sum of Six hundred and fifty-three Pounds, or any Part thereof, or to any Remedy for recovering or compelling Payment thereof.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed or taken to abridge or in any Manner affect the Powers of the said Committee for paving and lighting the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields to pave, repair, light, water, cleanse, and regulate the Footways of Cockspur Street and Charing Cross Street; and that the said Committee shall and may, and they are hereby directed and required from Time to Time to lay and assess such Rates and Assessments, under the Powers now vested in them of laying Rates and Assessments, as shall from Time to Time enable them to pay the said annual Sum of Six hundred and fifty-three Pounds hereby made payable by the same Committee.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Monies to be collected and received by the said Commissioners for executing this Act from the Rates or Assessments herein-before directed to be laid and assessed by them for defraying the Expences of paving and repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watering the several Streets and Places (except the said Westminster Mews) by the said recited Acts of the Fifth, Sixth, and Ninth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty, and by this Act, respectively directed to be paved and repaired, cleansed, lighted, and watered by the said Commissioners, and for the Purpose of other Payments, and also the Monies to be received in respect of the said annual Sum of Six hundred and fifty-three Pounds herein-before directed to be paid to the Commissioners for executing this Act, shall be applied by the said Commissioners, in the first place, in paying

2 Gul. IV., T and

Members of Paving Committees exempted from personal Liability.

Act not to prejudice the Powers of Paving Committee of St. Martin's in respect to Footways.

Application of Rates.

374

C. 56.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Commissioners may borrow Money on the Credit of the Paving Rates;

not exceeding

20,000l.

Accounts to be made up.

and discharging the Expences attending the obtaining and passing of this Act; in the next place, in paying from Time to Time the Interest of all Principal Monies which have been borrowed under the said recited Acts of the Fifth, Sixth, and Ninth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty, or any of them, or which may hereafter be borrowed under the Powers of this Act, and, subject thereto, in defraying the Expences of paving and repairing, cleansing, lighting, watering, and regulating, in manner herein mentioned, the several Streets and Places (except the said Westminster Mews) by the said recited Acts of the Fifth, Sixth, and Nihth Years aforesaid, and by this Act, respectively directed or authorized to be paved or formed, and repaired, cleansed, lighted, and watered by the said Commissioners, and in paying off the said Principal Monies already borrowed or hereafter to be borrowed as aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for executing this Act to borrow or raise any Sum or Sums of Money on the Credit of the said Rates or Assessments and annual Sum, for any of the Purposes to which the Monies to arise from the said Rates and Assessments are hereby made applicable; and all the Powers and Provisions contained in the said recited Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, or in the said Act of the Ninth Year of the same Reign by reference to the said Act of the Fifth Year, with respect to the borrowing or raising of Money by the said Commissioners on the Credit of the Rates and Assessments to be collected by them under the Authority of those Acts, and to the Transfer of the Securities for the same, except so far as the same are by the said Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty or by this Act altered or repealed, shall be and the same are hereby extended and made applicable to the borrowing and raising of Money by the said Commissioners on the Credit of the said Rates and Assessments and annual Sum on the Credit of which they are hereby authorized to borrow or raise Money, and to the Transfer of the Securities for the same, as fully and effectually, and to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Powers and Provisions had been severally hereby repeated and re-enacted with reference thereto; such Changes being hereby authorized to be made in the Form of the future Securities, and in the Transfers thereof, as the Circumstances may require.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall not borrow or raise under the Authority of this Act any greater Sum in the whole than the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall, at the Time appointed for making out the annual Accounts directed to be made out by the said first-recited Act, cause an Account of the Monies received and disbursed in the preceding Year, and the Amount of the Arrears of Rates and annual Sums then due under the Authority of this Act, and of the Balances of Cash then in their Hands arising from the Rates to be assessed under this Act, and of the annual Sum payable under this Act, to be made out, so that the Monies received and paid and continuing due in respect of the Rates and

Assess-

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. c. 56. 275

Assessments made by the said Commissioners for executing this Act, and the annual Sum* payable under this Act, for paving, lighting, cleansing, watering, and regulating all the said several Streets and Places by any of the said recited Acts or by this Act directed to be paved, lighted, watered, and cleansed by the said Commissioners, (except the Rates and Assessments for paving, lighting, watering, and cleansing the Westminster Mews,) may be consolidated into One Fund, and comprehended in One Account, which Account it shall be lawful for all Persons rated or assessed by the said Commissioners under and by virtue of this Act to the Rates and Assessments aforesaid, and all Persons paying Rates or Assessments in respect of the annual Sum hereby made payable to the Commissioners for executing this Act, and all other Persons interested, at all seasonable Times to inspect.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Commissioners

the said Commissioners by this Act appointed, and they are- Pave» &c-hereby authorized and empowered, to cause the Footways of the Plan

said several Streets and Places set out and delineated in the said ^o. IX. and Plan marked Number IX, to be paved, and the Carriageways of Carriageways the same Streets and Places, and also of the Streets and Places of Streets, &c, delineated and set out in the said Plan marked Number VIII, to ^vTtt be pitched or paved or to be formed and repaired with broken

Stone, Granite, Flint, Gravel, or other firm and sufficient Materials, as they the said Commissioners shall judge fit, upon such Levels and in such Manner as they shall judge necessary, and such Footways and Carriageways from Time to Time to be amended and kept in good Repair, and also to cause such Streets and Places, and the Courts and Passages adjoining, to be lighted, watered, cleansed, and regulated, and the Sides thereof to be inclosed with Iron or other Rails in such Parts and Places as the said Commissioners shall think proper, and all Obstructions, Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein to be removed, and Drains, Sinks, Gutters, or Watercourses to be made for conveying the Water from the said Streets and Places, in such Manner as they shall think proper; and if any Person shall, without the Consent of the said Commissioners, alter the Form or break up the Ground or Pavement of the Carriage or Foot Ways of any of such Streets or Places, or make the same otherwise than as directed by the said Commissioners (except as to the Footways of Cockspur Street and Charing Cross Street) , every Person so offending shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds for every such Offence, and shall also pay all the Expences of restoring such Ground or Pavement to its former State.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Powers granted for carrying this Act into execution, from and after the passing Commission-of this Act, as to all the Streets and Places by this Act placed rs6b^ 9°q under their Charge and Management, shall have and exercise the regulating like Powers and Authorities, not only with respect to paving, Stands for lighting, watering, and cleansing, but also with respect to regu- Coaches, and lating Stands for Coaches, and removing or enforcing the Removal remov»ng

of Nuisances and Annoyances, and all other Powers and Autho- t^pfoc^b thb rities whatsoever, so far as the same shall be applicable, as are ^ct pJaced^un^ in and by the said Acts of the Fifth, Sixth, and Ninth Years of der Charge of

T 2 the Coramiartoner*.

276

C. 56.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 182.

Clauses, &c. of recited Acts extended to this Act.

Power to include in Assessment to the Regent's Park Sewer all Houses in the Regent's Park or Regent Street, although .drained by any other Sewer.

the Reign of His said late Majesty vested in the said Commissioners with respect to the Streets and Places which, as to the paving, lighting, watering, and cleansing thereof, are by the same Acts or any of them placed under their Charge or Management (except as to the particular Provisions contained in the said Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty with respect to the Westminster Mews),

XXV. And be it further enacted, That, besides the several Powers and Provisions of the said recited Acts herein-before particularly referred to, all and every other the Clauses, Powers, Provisoes, Exemptions, Rules, Remedies, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Articles, Matters, and Things whatsoever therein contained (save and except such Parts of any of the same Acts as by any subsequent Act, or by this Act, are altered or others wise provided for,) shall be and are hereby declared to be in full Force and Effect, and shall extend to and be used, exercised, applied, enforced, and put in execution, to all Intents and Purposes, as to this Act, and the several Matters and Things herein contained, for paving, repairing, lighting, watering, cleansing, and regulating the several Streets and Places hereby placed under the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners for executing this Act, and for carrying the several Purposes of this Act into execution, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same had been severally and separately repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and made Part thereof, with reference to the Streets and Places hereby placed under the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners for executing this Act, or any Three or more of them, to include in any Assessment or Assessments which under their present Powers they shall make after the passing of this Act upon Houses, Buildings, Lands, or Tenements drained by means of the said Sewers, Drains, Watercourses, and Communications by the said Act of the Fifth Year of the JReign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth placed under their Charge, for defraying the Expences of making and keeping in repair such Sewers, Drains, Watercourses, and Communications, such Houses, Buildings, Lands, or Tenements situate in the Regent's Park and Regent Street respectively as drain into any Sewer, Drain, Watercourse, or Communication which was not by the said Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth placed under the Charge and Management of the Commissioners for executing the same Act, in the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes as the said Commissioners for executing this Act could or might have included the said last-mentioned Houses, Buildings, Lands, or Tenements in such Assessment or Assessments, and shall have and exercise all the same Remedies and Powers as the same Commissioners would have had and exercised, in case the same Houses, Buildings, Lands, or Tenements had drained into any Sewer, Drain, Watercourse, or Communication by the said Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth placed under the Charge and Management of the said Commissioners for executing the same Act.

A.D. 1832.

2°. GULIELMI IV. C. 56.

917

XXVII. Provided always, and l)e it further enacted, That no Person paying any Sewers Rate or Assessments to the Commissioners of Sewers for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Part of the County of Middlesex, shall, during the Continuance of such Payment, be subject or liable to the Payment of any Sewers Rate or Assessment by virtue of this Act in respect of the Premises for which he or she shall so pav a Sewers Rate or Assessment to the said Commissioners of Sewers for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Part of the County of Middlesex.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further declared and enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to prejudice, diminish, alter, or take away any of the Rights, Powers, or Authorities vested in the Commissioners of Sewers for the City and Liberty of, and Part of the County of Middlesex, but all the Rights, Powers, and Authorities vested in them shall be as good, valid, and effectual as if this Act had not been made.

XXIX. And whereas in the Leases granted by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues,

the Lessees of Houses and Buildings standing upon Ground comprised in the said Plans herein-before referred to, numbered 1. II. and V. respectively, are bound by Covenants in the same Leases contained to cleanse and colour the outside Stucco ? and Stone Work of the Houses, Buildings, and Walls comprised

in such Leases respectively in the Month of August in certain

Years: And whereas if the whole Line of Street from Pall Mall to Portland Place, including the Circuses and Crescents, 1 together with the Houses and Buildings in the Regent's Park, and the Houses and Buildings erected on the Site of Carlton Palace and Gardens, were placed under the Care of the said

Commissioners for the Execution of this Act as to the colouring

and cleansing of the Stucco and outside Stone Work of the said ' Houses and Buildings, and the said Lessees were released from the said Covenants for cleansing and colouring the same Stucco

and outside Stone Work, such an Arrangement would secure the cleansing and colouring being done in a uniform Manner,

and greatly contribute to the Beauty of the said Line of Street ' and of the said Houses and Buildings erected as aforesaid, and would also tend to the Ease and Convenience of the Inhabit-

antsnow therefore be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, from Time to Time as they shall see Occasion, to undertake and cause to be executed the cleaning and colouring in a regular and uniform Manner all the outside Stucco and Stone Work of all or any of the Houses, ^Buildings, and Walls abutting upon any Street, Terrace, Crescent, Circus, or Place comprehended or described in the said Plans hereinbefore referred to, marked Numbers I., II., and V. respectively, or either of them, and to employ Workmen, and take all Steps necessary or proper for the due Performance of the Work.

XXX. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, .That the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act shall not, under the Clause last herein-before contained, be' authorized to undertake the cleaning and colouring of the outside Stucco or

T 3 Stone

No Person paying Rate to the Commissioners of Sewers for Westminster liable to be assessed under this Act.

Saving the Rights of Commissioners of Sewers for Westminster.

Power to Commissioners (for the sake of Uniformity) to clean and colour the Outside Stucco and Stonework of the Street from Pall Mali to Portland Place, and of Carlton Palace and Gardens:

Not to be exercised except on the Requisition, in Writing* of Two Thirds of the Inhabitants of any Street.

Hates tel be made for such cleaning and colouring *

No Person who pays to the Commissioners to be liable upon the Covenant in his Lease from the Commissioners of Woods, &c.

Lessees, &c. not to colour Outside of Houses after Commis-

C. 56. 2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Stone Work of the Houses, Buildings, or Walls in any particular Street, Terrace, Crescent, Circus, or Place, (except Regent Street,) without in the first place obtaining the Consent in Writing of Two Thirds of the Householders of the Street, Terrace, Crescent, Circus, or Place, the outside Stucco or Stone Work of the Houses, Buildings, and Walls in which it shall for the Time being be proposed to colour and clean; and provided also, that it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners to undertake the cleaning and colouring of the outside Stucco or Stone Work of the Fronts of Houses, Buildings, or Walls in Regent Street, without having previously obtained the Consent of Two Thirds of the Householders of the particular Division of Houses and Buildings forming One architectural Plan or Elevation, the outside Stucco or Stone Work of which particular Division it shall be proposed to clean and colour.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of answering the Expence of the cleaning and colouring the Stucco and Stone Work hereby authorized to be cleaned and coloured by the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act, Rates shall be laid and assessed by the said Commissioners, from Time to Time as they shall judge needful, upon all Houses, Churches, Chapels, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, and Buildings fronting upon, or any Wall belonging to which shall front upon, the Street, Terrace, Crescent, Circus, or Place, the outside Stucco of Stone Work of the Houses, Buildings, and Walls in which shall for the Time being be proposed to be or shall have been coloured or cleaned as aforesaid; and a separate Account shall be kept of such last-mentioned Rates, and the Monies to arise thereby shall be applied in cleaning and colouring the Stucco and outside Stone Work fronting upon every Street, Terrace, Crescent* Circus, or Place, upon the Houses, Shops* Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, and Buildings in which such respective Rate shall have been raised, and in paying all the Expences incurred in or about the Performance of such Work; and that the said last-mentioned Rates shall be assessed and levied and recovered in the same Manner and with all the same Powers and Remedies as the Rates by this Act authorized to be assessed for the general Purposes of this Act as aforesaid.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Lessee or other Person who shall pay the Rate assessed by the said Commissioners for the Expence of the cleaning and colouring the Stucco and outside Stone Work hereby authorized to be cleaned and coloured by the said Commissioners shall be liable to be sued in respect of the colouring and cleaning of the outside Stucco or Stone Work which the Commissioners for executing this Act are hereby authorized to colour and clean, upon any Covenant in the Lease of the Premises in respect of which such Rate shall be laid and assessed* before the Expiration of Four Year8 after the assessing of the last Rate which shall have been paid in respect of the cleaning and colouring of the Stucco and outside Stone Work of the Premises comprised in such Lease.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That from and after the cleaning and colouring of the outside Stucco or Stone Work of any House, Building, or Wall by the Commissioners

9 acting

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 56.

279

acting in the Execution of this Act* under the Authority for that Purpose herein-before contained, it shall not be lawful for the Lessee, Owner, or Occupier of such House, Building, or Wall, or for any other Person or Persons (except the said Commissioners or any Person by them in that Behalf authorized) , to clean or colour or in any Manner to paint or vary the Colour or Appearance of such outside Stucco or Stone Work; and if any such Lessee, Owner, or Occupier, or other Person or Persons, shall so clean or colour or in any Manner paint or vary the Colour or Appearance of such outside Stucco or Stone Work, he, she, or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum of Ten Pounds.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Occupier of any House, Shop, Building, Warehouse, or Tenement in any of the Streets, Parts of Streets, Squares, Circuses, Terraces, Courts, Ways, and Places within the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners, has written, printed, painted, delineated, or placed, or caused to be written, printed, painted, delineated, or placed, or shall write, print, paint, delineate, or place, or cause to be written, printed, painted, delineated, or placed, any Name, Description of Trade or Occupation, or any Board, Sign, or other Matter or Thing, on any Part of such House, Shop, Building, Warehouse, or Tenement, above the Base of the Balcony or Level of the upper Surface of the Joists of the First Floor thereof, or shall put up or place, or cause or suffer to be put up or placed, upon or against any Part of the external Front or of the Sides of such House, Shop, Building, Warehouse, or Tenement, or upon or against any Portico, Colonade, Pillar, Column, or other Erection in Front or at the Side thereof, any Board, Sign, Placard, or other Matter or Thing in the Nature of an Advertisement, it shall and may be lawful for the Surveyor of the said Commissioners hereby appointed, by Notice in Writing to be left at such House, Shop, Building, Warehouse, or Tenement, to require the Owner or Occupier thereof to remove such Name, Description, Board, Sign, Placard, or other Matter or Thing, and to restore the Wall or Place on or against which the same shall have been written, put up, or placed; and if any such Owner or Occupier shall, for the Space of Ten Days after the Delivery of such Notice, neglect or refuse to obey the same, then and in every such Case such Owner or Occupier neglecting or refusing so to do to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners or their Surveyor for the Time being as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence, and upon every such Neglect or Refusal, forfeit and pay a Sum of not less than Forty Shillings nor exceeding Five Pounds, and which may be levied or recovered in the same Manner in which other Penalties are directed to be levied and recovered by virtue of any of the said recited Acts or of this Act.

XXXV. And whereas it is provided in the said firstly hereinbefore recited, that for the better enforcing the Payment of the Rates or Assessments to be made by the said Commissioners, 4 if any Person or Persons liable to pay any of the Rates or Assessments made by the said Commissioners shall at any Time begin to remove his, her, or their Goods or Furniture from the

T 4 4 House

sioners have done so, on Penalty of 10L

Power to give Notice to remove any Writing, &c. above the First Floor of Houses.

Provision for enforcing Rates in case of Removal.

280

C. 56.

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 18S2.

Where Houses let to more than One Tenant, any One of such Tenants to be deemed the Occupier.

House or Premises in his, her, or their Occupation within the ' Limits of the said Act, or to sell or dispose of such Goods ' or Furniture therein by public Auction, or sell, dispose of, or ' carry away his, her, or their Goods or Furniture as aforesaid, 4 without paying all Arrears then due or rated in respect of such

House or Premises (in which the current Quarter shall be considered as due) , then and in every of the said Cases it shall be lawful for the Collector to the said Commissioners to collect ' and levy such Rates or Assessments, and all Arrears due thereon, ' and the Rate or Assessment for such Quarter wherein such ' Removal or Sale shall begin to be made as aforesaid, (although ' previous to the Time for Payment of the Rate or Assessment for such Quarter) , by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of

Middlesex and City of Westminster, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party so neglecting or refusing, or beginning to remove, take away, or sell any such Goods or Furniture as aforesaid: And whereas it hath been found that the Powers granted by the above-recited Enactment are not in some Cases sufficient for enforcing the Payment of the said ' Rates and Assessments be it therefore enacted, That if any Person or Persons liable to pay any of the said Rates or Assessments shall publicly advertise or announce to sell or dispose of by Auction his, her, or their Goods or Furniture, it shall be lawful for the Collector for the Time being of the said Commissioners to collect and levy the Rates or Assessments due from such Person or Persons as aforesaid, and all Arrears due thereon, and the Rate or Assessment for the Quarter wherein such Advertisement of Sale shall be made, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex or City of Westminster, by Distress and Sale of the Goods or Furniture of the Person or Persons so advertising to sell the same as aforesaid, in the same Manner as is directed by the above-recited Act in Cases of Removal of Goods, or in Cases of actual Sale by public Auction; and that in Cases where any Person or Persons liable to pay any of the said Rates or Assessments shall begin to remove his, her, or their Goods or Furniture as aforesaid, without paying all such Arrears of Rates and Assessments, including the then current Quarter, due from him, her, or them, it shall be lawful for the Collector for the Time being of the said Commissioners to seize and distrain such Goods and Furniture for the Amount of such Arrears, without any further Warrant or Authority; provided that such Collector do with all due Speed forthwith obtain a Warrant for the Sale of such Goods or Furniture from any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, and proceed thereon in manner pointed out in and by the said firstly-recited Act.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That where any House, Building, or Tenement in respect whereof any Rate or Assessment shall be made by the said Commissioners for executing this Act, shall be let in distinct or separate Apartments or Divisions to more than One Tenant, then and in such Case the Lessee, Landlord, or Owner thereof, or any One or more of such

Tenants,

A.D. 1832.

.2° GULIELMI IV. C. 56.

281

Tenants, shall, in the Discretion of the said Commissioners, be deemed the Occupier or Occupiers thereof for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or of this Act.

XXXVII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and ' passed in the First and Second Years of His present Majesty,

intituled An Act to amend the Laws relating to Hackney Car-< riages, and to Waggons, Carts, and Drays, used in the Metropolis,

and to place the Collection of the Duties on Hackney Carriages and on Hawkers and Pedlars in England under the Commissioners of Stamps, it is enacted, that the Owner of every Waggon,

Wain, Cart, Car, Dray, or other such Carriage which shall be

driven or used in any public Street or Road within the Distance

of Five Miles from the General Post Office in the City of

London, shall, before such Waggon, Wain, Cart, Car, or Dray, or other such Carriage shall be so driven or used as aforesaid,

paint or cause to be painted, in manner in the said Act specified,

the true Christian Name and Surname and Place of Abode

of the Owner or (if there should be more than One) of the

principal Owner of such Waggon, Wain, Cart, Car, Dray, or

other such Carriage; and it is further enacted, that if any Person shall drive or use, or cause to be driven or used, in or ' upon any public Street or Road as aforesaid, any Waggon,

Wain, Cart, Car, Dray, or such other Carriage, upon which there shall not be painted the true Christian Name and Surname

and Place of Abode of the Owner or (if there should be more than One) of the principal Owner of such Waggon, Wain, Cart, 4 Car, Dray, or other such Carriage, every Person so offending shall forfeit Five Pounds; and it shall be lawful for any Person to take and seize such Waggon, Wain, Cart, Car, Dray, or other such Carriage, and any Horse drawing the same, and to lodge the same for safe Custody for the Purpose of securing and enforcing the Payment of the said Penalty, and the Expences of the Proceedings thereon, as is in the said Act particularly mentioned: And whereas the Provisions of the said recited Act, so far as direct the true Christian and Surname of the Owners or (if there should be more than One) of the principal Owner of any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Car, Dray, or other such Carriage, to be painted thereon, are found to be inapplicable to the Waggons, Wains, Carts, Cars, Drays, and other such Carriages belonging to or employed by the Commissioners for executing this Act, or to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings be it therefore enacted, and it is hereby declared, That it shall not be necessary to paint or cause to be painted the true Christian and Surname of any Person or Persons whomsoever upon any of the Waggons, Wains, Carts, Cars, Drays, or other such Carriages belonging to or employed by the Commissioners for executing this Act, or belonging to or employed by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings; and that the Penalty of Five Pounds imposed by the said recited Act of the First and Second Years of His present Majesty shall not be incurred or payable for Want of any such true Christian and Surname upon any of such Waggons, Wains ', Carts, Cars, Drays, or such other a Carriages; but that it shall

1 & 2 W.4. c. 22.

Water Carte, &c. of Commissioners exempted from Provisions of recited Act as to painting of Names upon them.

282

2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

C. 56, 57.

and may be lawful for the Commissioners for executing this Act, and they are hereby required, to cause to be painted on any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Cars, Drays, or other such Carriages belonging to or employed by them, in the Manner directed by the said recited Act of the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Words following, that is to say," The 44 Commissioners for paving the Regent's Park, Whitehall Place, I " Westminster" or, in lieu of the Words Whitehall Place, Westminster," the Place where the Office of the said Commissioners shall for the Time being be situated; and that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, and they are hereby required, in like Manner, to cause to be painted on any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Cars, Drays, or other such Carriages belonging to or employed by them, the Words following, that is to say, 44 The " Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Whitehall Place, Westminster " or the Place where the Office of the said Commissioners shall for the Time being be situated; any Clause, Article, Matter, or Thing in the said recited Act of the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LVII.

An Act to continue and extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fifty-ninth Year of His Majesty King George the Third, for giving additional Facilities in Applications to Courts of Equity regarding the Management of Estates or Funds belonging to Charities; and for making certain Provisions respecting Estates or Funds belonging to Charities.

[23d June 1832.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty-ninth Year of ' thp Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third it

t wag^ amongst other Things, enacted, that whenever, upon any

Examination or Investigation taken or had by and before the Commissioners appointed or to be appointed under the Authority of certain Acts of the Fifty-eighth and Fifty-ninth Years of His said late Majesty therein-before mentioned, any Case should

arise or happen in which it should appear to the said Commissioners that the Directions or Orders of a Court of Equity were requisite for the remedying of any Neglect, Breach of Trust, 4 Fraud, Abuse, or Misconduct in the Management of any Trust created for any charitable Purposes as therein-before mentioned, or of the Estates or Funds thereunto belonging, or for the regulating the Administration of any such Trust, or of the Estates or Funds thereof, it should and might be lawful for ' the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, if they should think fit, to certify the Particulars of such Case in ' Writing under their Hands to His Majesty's Attorney General, and thereupon it should be lawful for His Majesty's Attorney ' General, if he should so think fit, either by a summary Application in the Nature of a Petition, or by Information, as the

Case might require, to apply to or commence a Suit in His Majesty's

A.D. 1832. 2° GULIELMI IV. C. 57.

283

Majesty's High Court of Chancery, or to or in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer sitting as a Court of Equity, stating and setting forth the Neglect, Breach of Trust, Fraud, Abuse, or Misconduct, or other Cause of Complaint or Application, and praying such Relief as the Nature of the Case might require; and after such Petition should have been presented or Suit instituted, such Proceedings were to be had thereupon as in the said Act now in recital mentioned: And whereas the Powers of the said Commissioners expired on the First Day of Just/ One thousand eight hundred and thirty, and many Charities still remain to be investigated: And whereas an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for appointing Commissioners to continue the Inquiries concerning Charities in England and Wales for Two Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, whereby His Majesty was empowered to issue a Commission, enabling the Commissioners therein to be named to investigate such remaining Charities: And whereas it is expedient that the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty should be continued in manner hereinafter mentioned; and it is also expedient to facilitate the Proofs in Proceedings instituted or to be instituted under the said last-mentioned Act, or of this Act, in manner herein-after mentioned: And whereas it is expedient to make such Provisions respecting Estates or Funds belonging to Charities as hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners appointed or to be appointed under the Authority of the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, or under the Authority of any Act to be hereafter passed for the like Purpose, or any Five or more of them, -to make such Certificates from Time to Time to His Majesty's Attorney General as the Commissioners appointed under the Authority of the said Acts of the Fifty-eighth and Fifty-ninth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty were empowered to do; and thereupon such Proceedings shall or may be had and taken as were authorized or directed by the said recited Act of the said Fifty-ninth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, in the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if the Provisions of that Act, as to such Certificates and Proceedings, were embodied in and re-enacted by this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases of Proceedings instituted or to be instituted by His Majesty's Attorney General in pursuance of the said recited Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, or of this Act, the Production to the Court of a Certificate under the Hand of His Majesty's Attorney General, stating that the Particulars of the Case in question, in Writing, have been certified to His Majesty's Attorney General for the Time being according to the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of His said late Majesty, or of this Act, as the Case may be, shall be deemed sufficient Evidence that such Particulars have been duly certified

to

9

I&2W. 4. C. 34.

Commissioner appointed under recited Act of 1 & 2 W.4. authorized to make Certificates to the Attorney General as Commissioners under former Acts were empowered to do.

Attorney General's Certificate to be Evidence of Particulars of Cases having been duly certified by Commissioners.

2° GULIELMI IV. C.urts of Chancery or Exchequer empowered to direct Conveyances of Charity Estates in certain Cases.

For empowering resident Ministers and Churchwardens to receive Rent-charges belonging to Charities, where there are no existing Trustees.

C. 57.

A.D. 1832.

to His Majesty's Attorney General accordingly, to and for all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted, That where the Person, or all the Persons, if more than One, in whom any Lands, Hereditaments, Rent-charge, or other Real Property may have been vested in Trust for any Charity or charitable or public Purpose, shall be dead, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery or the said Court of Exchequer, on the Petition of His Majesty's Attorney General, or of the Persons or Body administering such Charity or superintending such public Purpose, or of any Person on behalf thereof, to direct any Master or other Officer of the said Courts respectively to cause Two successive Advertisements to be inserted in the London Gazette, and in One or more of the Newspapers circulated in the County, City, or Place where such Land, Hereditaments, or Real Property, or the Lands or Hereditaments out of which such Rent-charge is issuing, shall be situated, giving Notice that the Representative or Representatives of the Person of the last Survivor of the Persons in whom any Land, Hereditaments, Rent-charge, or other Real Property may have been vested in Trust as aforesaid do within Twenty-eight Days appear or give Notice of his or their Title to such Master or other Officer, and prove his or their Pedigree or other Title as Trustee; and if no Person shall appear to give such Notice within such Twenty-eight Days, or the Person or Persons who may appear or give such Notice shall not within Thirty-one Days after such Appearance or Notice prove his or their Title to the Satisfaction of such Master or other Officer, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Courts respectively to appoint any new Trustees for such Charity or charitable or public Purpose, in case no Trustees for such Charity or Purpose duly appointed shall then be existing; and such Land, Hereditaments, Rent-charge, or other Real Property may be conveyed to such new Trustees when so appointed by the said Courts respectively, or to the existing Trustees previously duly appointed, as the Case may be, by any Person whom the said Courts respectively may direct for that Purpose by virtue of the Provisions in this Act, without the Necessity of any Decree.

IV. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall appear to the said Commissioners to be appointed under the Authority of the said Act of the last Session of Parliament that the Property belonging to any Charity consists only of One of more Annuity or Rent-charge, Annuities or Rent-charges, not exceeding in the whole the yearly Sum of Twenty Pounds, and that there are no existing Trustees or Persons legally qualified to receive and give an effectual Discharge for such Annuity or Rent-charge, Annuities or Rent-charges, it shall and may be lawful for any Five of the said Commissioners, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to empower the resident Minister and the Churchwardens or Chapelwardens for the Time being of the Parish or Place interested in such Charity, in case only Cue Parish or Place is so interested, but if more than One Parish or Place is so interested, then the resident Minister and the Churchwardens or Chapelwardens of some one of the Parishes or Places interested, to receive the said Annuity or Rent-charge, Annuities

or

A; D:1832.

2° GULIELMI IV.

285

C. 51, 58.

or Rent-charges, or any Arrears thereof, and to apply the same according to the Purposes of the charitable Donations or Bequests thereof, in the same Manner as the Trustees of the said Charity would have been bound to do; and the Power so to be given to such Minister and Churchwardens or Chapelwardens shall remain in force until Trustees of the said Charity duly appointed shall appear and claim the Administration of the Funds thereof, or until Trustees of the said Charity shall be appointed by the Court of Chancery or Court of Exchequer; and all Receipts to be given by such Minister and Churchwardens or Chapelwardens shall be effectual Discharges to the Persons liable to the Payment of such Annuities or Rent-charges for all such Sums as in such Receipts shall be expressed to have been received in respect thereof; and in case of Nonpayment of such Annuities or Rent-charges, or any Arrears thereof, it shall and may be lawful for such Minister and Churchwardens or Chapelwardens respectively, during the Continuance of the Power to be given to them by virtue of the Provisions of this Act, to use and exercise all such Powers and Remedies for recovering and compelling Payment of the said Annuities or Rent-charges, and the Arrears thereof, as the Trustees of the said Charities respectively might or could have done if duly appointed.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for altering and amending the Law regarding Commitments by Courts of Equity for Contempts, and the taking Bills pro Confesso; and to explain certain Parts thereof.

[23d June 1832.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the First Year of the

4 V Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for alter- 1 W.4, c. 36.

ing and amending the Law regarding Commitments by Courts of Equity for Contempts, and the taking Bills pro Confesso, it is amongst other Tilings enacted, that the Discharge of any Prisoner adjudicated upon under the Authority of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled

An Act to amend, and consolidate the Laws for the Relief of Insol- 7G.4. c. 57. *' vent Debtors in England, or any other Act which may hereafter be passed for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, shall and may

extend to all Process issuing from any Court of Equity for ' any Contempt of such Court for Nonpayment of Money, or, of Costs, Charges, or Expences in any such Court; and that in such Case the said Discharge shall be deemed to extend to all ' Costs which such Prisoner shall be liable to pay in consequence

or by reason of such Contempt, or on purging the same; and 4* that every Discharge so adjudicated as aforesaid, as to any Debt or Damages of any Creditor of such Prisoner, shall be

deemed to extend also to all Costs incurred by such Creditor before the filing of such Prisoner's Schedule, in any Action or f Suit brought by such Creditor against such Prisoner for the

Purpose, for the Recovery of the same; and that all Persons as to whose Demands for any such Costs, Money, or Expences

any

2 & 3° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 182.

Courts of Chancery and Exchequer respectively empowered to discharge Persons committed for Contempt;

except as to the Costs thereof

lg G.2. c. 9.

C. 58, 59.

any such Person shall be so adjudged to be discharged, shall be deemed and takeu to be the Creditors of such Prisoner in respect thereof, and entitled to the Benefits of all the Provi- sions made for Creditors by the said Act or any future Act, 4 subject nevertheless to such ascertaining of the Amount of the said Demands as may be had by Taxation or otherwise, and to such Examination thereof as is in the said last-mentioned Act 4 or as shall be in any future Act provided in respect of all Claim to a Dividend of such Insolvent's Estate and Effects: And whereas it is expedient to extend the Provisions of the said Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all Cases of Contempt other than and besides those provided for by the last-mentioned Act, where any Person or Persons are or is or shall at any Time hereafter be in Prison under or by reason of any Commitment or Attachment directed by or issued out of the Court of Chancery or His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, the Court of Equity by which such Commitment shall have been directed or out of which such Attachment shall have issued shall (upon the Application of the Persons or Person against whom such Commitment or Attachment hath been directed or issued) have the Power, if it shall so think fit, to discharge such Persons or Person from their, his, or her Contempt, except as to the Costs thereof, for which Costs they, he, or she shall remain in Custody; and such Costs shall be deemed within the herein-before recited Provisions of the said last-mentioned Act, and they, he, or she shall be discharged therefrom, and from the Process of Contempt in like Manner as is in the said last mentioned Act provided for in Cases of Process of Contempt for Nonpayment of Money or Costs; provided that this Act shall not weaken any of the Powers by the said Act passed in the First Year of His present Majesty given, and that nothing herein contained shall lessen the Operations of the said Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

CAP. LIX.

An Act to transfer the Management of certain Annuities on Lives from the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer to the Management of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; and to amend an Act for enabling the said Commissioners to grant Life Annuities and Annuities for Terms of Years.

[4th July 1832.]

WHEREAS certain Annuities on Lives have been created at various Periods by sundry Acts of Parliament; (that

4 is to say,) by an Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon all Wines imported into Great Britain, and for raising a certain Sum 4 of Money by Annuities and a Lottery, in manner therein mentioned, 4 to be charged on the said additional Duties; and also by an Act

A.D. 1832.

2a & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 59.

287

passed in the Nineteenth Year of His said Majesty, intituled An 19 g.s. c 12.

Act for granting to His Majesty several Rates and Duties upon

4 Glass and upon Spirituous Liquors, and for raising a certain Sum 4 of Money by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties; and for obviating some Doubts about making out Orders at the Exchequer for the Monies advanced upon the ' Credit of the Salt Duties granted and continued to His Majesty by an Act of the last Session of Parliament; also by an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled

An Act for granting to His Majesty several Rates and Duties upon 30 G. 2. c 19.

4 Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds, and upon Newspapers,

Advertisements, and Almanacks, and upon Licences for retailing Wine, and upon Coals exported to Foreign Parts; and for applying, from a certain Time, the Sums of Money arising from the Surplus of the Duties on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors;

and for raising the Sum of Three Millions by Annuities to be charged on the said Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money; and for making perpetual an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors; and for enlarging the Time for filing Affidavits of the Execution of Contracts of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, and also the Time for Payment of the Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices;

and also by an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for grant- 5 g. 3. c. 23.

ing Annuities, to be attended with a Lottery, to satisfy and discharge certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and for charging the Payment of such Annuities on the Sinking Fund; and also by an Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for raising 18 G. 3. c. 22.

4 a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery; and also by an Act passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the Third,

intituled An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of 19 G. 3. c. 18.

Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery; and also by an Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for raising a 29 G.s. c. 4l.

certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, to be attended with the Ben fit of Survivorship in Classes; and also by an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for converting certain Annui- 30 G. 3. c. 45.

ties to be attended with the Benefit of Survivorship in Classes,

established by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, into certain Annuities for an absolute Term of Years, and for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury to nominate Lives for the Shares so converted; which said several Annuities on Lives were by the said recited Acts placed under the Management and made payable at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer: And whereas it is expedient that the said Annuities should be transferred to the Management of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and be regulated by one general System of Payment, in common with all other Life Annuities due to the Public Creditor; and it is therefore expedient to repeal so much of the said recited Acts as relate to

C. 59.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV.

&.DA832)

the Management and Payment of the said Annuities at the

So much of Receipt of the said Exchequer:' Be it therefore enacted by the recited Act* as King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and relate to the Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Management this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the and Payment of satne> That so much of the said recited Acts as relates to the Livwat^he Management, Assignment, and Payment of the said Annuities on Exchequer, Lives at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, shall be and repealed. the same is hereby repealed.

Annuities ere-

II. And be it enacted, That after the passing of this Act, or ated by recited as soon after as the necessary Arrangements can be made, of Acts transferred which the said Commissioners shall give Notice in the London to Management Gazette, the said several Annuities on Lives which were created ers for^H^uc-^" by the said several recited Acts shall be placed under the tion of National Management of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the Debt. National Debt, and shall be payable and paid at the Bank of

England, under the Regulations herein-after directed.

Orders for Pay-

III. And be it enacted, That all Orders made out for the Payment of Annui- ment of any Annuity under the Provisions of the said first recited ties remaining Acts or either of them, which on the Fifth Day of July One on 5th July thousand eight hundred and thirty-two shall be remaining in

liveredtoCom- tke Office of the clerk.of the Pells of His Majesty's Receipt of missioners by Exchequer, shall be delivered over by him to the said Commis-

Clerk of the sioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, or to the Com-

Pells. ptroller General or Assistant Comptroller acting under the said

Commissioners, upon his receiving Directions to that Effect from Tellers of Ex- the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury; and all Dividends chequer to pay or Annuities created by any of the said first-recited Acts which Dividends in shall have been directed by the Auditor of His Majesty's said

Out^Cash^n*8 Exchequer to be paid by the Tellers thereof, but which shall not

5th July 1832, have been paid by them on the said Fifth Day of July One thou-into Bank of sand eight hundred and thirty-two, and which shall be then re-England. maining in their Hands under the Denomination of Out Cash, shall be paid over by the said Tellers to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England^ upon their receiving Directions so to do from the Commissioners of His Majesty's said Treasury; and the Cashiers of the said Bank are hereby required to receive the same, and to carry such Monies to the Account of the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

Certain Parts of

IV. And whereas an Act was passed in the Tenth Year of 30 G. s. c. 45. the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled

and 10 G. 4. An Act to enable the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National

c. 24. repealed. Debt to grant Life Annuities and Annuities for Terms of Years,

which said Life Annuities were by the said Act made payable ' and transferable at the Bank of England: And whereas it

is expedient to repeal certain Provisions of the said last-recited ' Act, and of the said recited Act of the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, and to substitute ' other Provisions in lieu thereof be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third as relates to transmitting Lists by Commissioners of Treasury to Parishes for Returns certifying the Lives of Nominees, and of the said recited Act of the Tenth Year last aforesaid, as relates to granting

CertifU

A.D. 1832. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 59.

289

Certificates of the Existence of Nominees, and to the making certain Affidavits and solemn Affirmations by Persons desirous of purchasing such Annuities, in Cases where Proof of the Age and Identity of Nominees has been before produced to the said Commissioners, certified and verified according to the Provisions of the said Act, and as relates to Affidavits and solemn Affirmations in Cases where the Nominee shall not appear personally before the Officers of the said Commissioners, to enable such Persons to receive the half-yearly Payments from Time to Time of every such Life Annuity, and also for receiving the One Fourth Part of any expired Life Annuity which shall be claimed under the Provisions of the said Act, and as relates to the paying and transferring such Annuities at the Bank of England, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

V. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which any A Declaration Affidavit or solemn Affirmation was required by any of the said to be made in recited Acts aforesaid, the Person or Persons who would, under ^v* ofr

the said recited Acts, be required to take or make such Affidavit madoiThitherto or solemn Affirmation, shall make and subscribe a Declaration in required by lieu thereof, in such Form and Words and under such Regula- Persons pur-tions as may be directed by the said Commissioners, or by the chasing and Comptroller General or Assistant Comptroller acting under the *cemng Llfe said Commissioners; and if any such Declaration shall be untrue nnuiUes* in any Particular, the Person making the same shall, over and above every other Penalty to which such Person may become subject, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if after the Such Affidavits passing of this Act any Affidavit or solemn Affirmation shall be produced after produced for the Purpose of receiving any Life Annuity under P888"^ of thi? the Provisions of the said recited Acts, such Affidavits and Act 40 valld-solemn Affirmations, notwithstanding the Repeal thereof by this Act, shall be deemed valid and effectual for the Purpose of receiving such Life Annuities, any thing in this Act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, that the Affidavit may

said Commissioners, or Comptroller General or Assistant Comp- be required in troller acting under the said Commissioners, may in any Case Cases,

require any such Person or Persons to make Affidavit or solemn Affirmation in confirmation of any such Declaration, and every such Person shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby thereupon required to make such Affidavit or solemn Affirmation before such Comptroller General or Assistant Comptroller or other Officer appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, who are hereby respectively authorized to administer the same, or before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, any thing in this Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it enacted, That upon Proof of the Existence of Upon Proof of the Nominee of any Life Annuity created by any of the said Nominees being first-recited Acts, or by the said recited Act of the Tenth Year OIL£f of the Reign of His late Majesty, or of any Life Annuity which ra^ bear" may hereafter be created by the said last-recited Act, either by issued, upon the personal Appearance of such Nominee before the Officer of which the Bank the said Commissioners, or, in case of the Nonappearance of such to pay.

oduction of a Certificate proving the Existence

U

of

290

C. 59.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832

Holders of Annuities under first-recited Acts to have like Annuities in the Books of the Commissioners; and all Life Annuities to be transfer, able in such Books entire for the Life of the original Nominee.

of such Nominee as is required by the said recited Acts, together with such Declaration aforesaid, or other Evidence to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or of the Officer or Officers acting under the said Commissioners, the said Officer shall thereupon issue to the Person or Persons entitled to any Annuity depending upon the Life of such Nominee a Warrant or Warrants in such Form as shall be approved by the said Commissioners or by the Comptroller General or Assistant Comptroller acting under the said Commissioners, addressed to the Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England* for the half-yearly Payment or Payments of the Annuity which shall be then depending upon the Life of such Nominee; or upon Proof of the Death of the said Nominee, then a Warrant shall be issued by the said Officer for the Payment of One Fourth Part of the expired Annuity which depended upon the Life of such Nominee, which, under the Provisions of the said Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, is allowed to be claimed by the Person or Persons entitled thereto, provided such Fourth Part shall be claimed by the Person or Persons entitled thereto within the Period prescribed by the said recited Act, together with any half-yearly Payment of the said Annuity which may be outstanding at the Time of his or her Death; and upon the said Warrant or Warrants being produced and lodged at the said Bank, the said Cashier or Cashiers shall pay the Sum expressed therein to, the Person or Persons producing the same.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who at the Time of the passing of this Act shall be Holders of and stand possessed of any Exchequer Order or Orders for or in respect of any Annuities on Lives created by any of the said first-recited Acts, heretofore payable at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, or who at the Time of the passing of this Act shall stand possessed, in the Books of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, of any Annuity depending upon the Life of the said Nominee, under any Act or Acts heretofore in force enabling the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities, shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to stand possessed of such several and the like Annuities in the Books of the said Commissioners, and shall be entitled to all the several Rights, Titles, Interests, and Benefits in and to any Life Annuity, of whatsoever lpnd, whether such Life Annuity shall be immediate or deferred, or whether actually in the course of Payment at the Time of the passing of this Act, or not, according to the several Provisions of the said recited Acts or of any of them; and such several Life Annuities, and also all Life Annuities which may hereafter be created in pursuance of the said recited Act of the Tenth Year of His late Majesty, shall from Time to Time be transferable in the Books of the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, or, so far as relates to any Exchequer Life Annuities or Orders, shall be assignable and shall be paid to and shall be transferable and assignable by the Persons respectively entitled to such Annuities, or by some Person duly authorized to receive or transfer the same, according to such Form and under such Regulations as shall be approved of by the said

A.D. 1832. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV.

c. 59.

291

said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, or by the said Comptroller General or Assistant Comptroller acting under the said Commissioners: Provided always, that such Annuity shall be transferred entire, and not in Parts or Shares, and that the original Nominee of any Annuity shall never be varied or changed, notwithstanding such Transfer.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners

said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to may direct new authorize the Comptroller General, or his Assistant, to make out °r<Jers to h* and sign any new Order, in such Form as the said Commissioners lieu

shall direct, as a Substitute for and in lieu of any Order of a like of Orders lost Description which may have been lost or destroyed or become or destroyed, defaced or obliterated, without any such Authority from the Com- without Autho-missioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or Certificate from any rity from Trea' Judge of the Court of Exchequer, as is specified and required in ^r^by^ the said recited Act of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of 29 g. 3. c. 41. His Majesty King George the Third, or in any Case whatever

relating to any of the said recited Acts, upon Proof being given to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, by the Oath or solemn Affirmation to be made and taken before the said Comptroller General or Assistant Comptroller, or before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, by the Persons applying for such new Order, or any other Person, of such Loss or Destruction, or Production of the Order in lieu of which a new Order is required; and all such new Orders, so signed, shall be deemed good and valid to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been made under the Provisions of the said recited Acts or either of them, any thing in the said recited Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And whereas it is enacted by the said recited Act of the Accounts of

4 Tenth Year of His late Majesty, that the Governor and Com- Annuities for pany of the Bank of England shall cause to be made up, to the Term.s of Years

Fifth Day of January in each Year, an Account of all Annuities Xen*Y^ *to 4 for Terms of Years granted by the said Commissioners for the be madTup

Reduction of the National Debt, in pursuance of the said Act, quarterly at the

which shall have remained unclaimed for the Space of Three Bank; and the 4- Years then next preceding, which Annuities so remaining un- Annuities to be claimed, and all half-yearly Arrears thereof, shall cease to be charged upon and shall not be issued or issuable out of the said sioner^d"

4 Consolidated Fund from and after the Day upon which any placed under such Annuities shall have remained so unclaimed: And whereas the like Reguit is expedient that all such unclaimed Annuities for Terms of lations as other Years should be regulated by the same Rules as are directed by St?ks are an Act passed in the Fifty-sixth Year of the Reign of His 55(3%. go.

Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to authorize the transferring Stock upon which Dividends shall remain unclaimed for the Space of at least Ten Years at the Bank of England,

and also all Lottery Prizes or Benefits, and Balances of Sums issued for paying the Principals of Stocks or Annuities, which shall not have been demanded for the same Periods, to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; be it enacted, That the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall cause to be made up quarterly an Account of all Annuities for Terms of Years already granted or which may hereafter be granted by the said Commissioners under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the

292

C. 59 *

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 182.

Commissioners of National Debt to certify to the Treasury before each Quarter Day the Amount of Annuities payable under the recited Acts of the 18th, 19th, & 30th of G. 2. and the 5th,

the Tenth Year of His late Majesty, which shall have remained unclaimed for the Space of Ten Years then next preceding such Quarters respectively; and all such unclaimed Annuities and all Arrears thereof shall be transferred to the Commissioners for Reduction of the National Debt, and shall be subject to the like Restrictions and Regulations as all other Capital Stocks and Annuities are now subject by the said recited Act of the Fifty-sixth Year of His said Majesty; any thing in any Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of ascertaining from Time to Time the Amount of Annuities for Lives payable under the Authority of the said several first-recited Acts, the Comptroller General or Assistant Comptroller acting under the said Commissioners shall, within Fourteen Days next preceding the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of Aprils the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October in each and every Year, (commencing on the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two,) certify to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury the Amount of Annuities for Lives (first deducting therefrom the Amount chargeable on ac-18th, & 29th of count of the several Lives nominated by the Commissioners of G*3* the Treasury under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the

Thirtieth Year of King George the Third) the half-yearly Payments of which shall from Time to Time be chargeable, and the same are hereby made chargeable, upon the said Consolidated Fund, in each of such Days respectively; and the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall thereupon order and direct, by Warrant under their Hands, the Sums specified from Time to Time in every such Certificate to be issued and paid out of the Consolidated Fund from Time to Time to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for the Purpose of paying all such Annuities respectively created by the said first-recited Acts of the Eighteenth, Nineteenth, and Thirtieth Years of King George the Second, and by the Fifth, Eighteenth, and Twenty-ninth Years of King George the Third.

Letters of

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Letters of Attorney

Attorney to from Time to Time in force, which shall have been granted for continue yahd the Purpose of transferring or selling or receiving such Life Estate Annui&sunder 80 Purchased' under any of the said recited Acts, shall be valid this Act. and effectual for the Purposes of this Act, and receiving the same

under the Provisions of this Act; any thing in any Act or Acts, or this Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt are hereby empowered from Time to Time to appoint such Officers, Clerks, and other Persons as may be necessary for carrying this Act into execution, and as may be approved of by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

XV. And whereas it is expedient to give legal Remedies to 6 Persoas entitled to any Annuities transferred under the Provisions of this Act from the Books of the Governor and Com* ' pany of the Bank of England to the Books of the Commissioners

14< ' for

Appointment of Officers, &c.

Suits, &c. may be instituted against the Comptroller or Assistant

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 59.

293

for the Reduction of the National Debt be it therefore enacted, That in all Cases in which any Person entitled to or interested in any Annuity transferable in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or in any Annuity recorded in the Books of the said Auditor of His Majesty's Exchequer, might have instituted any Action, Suit, or legal Proceeding in any Court of Law or Equity, for or in respect of any Act, Matter, or Thing done by the said Governor and Company, or by the said Auditor, or their Officers, or any other Person or Persons, in relation to any such Annuity, or any forged or other illegal Transfer thereof, such Action, Suit, or legal Proceeding may be instituted and carried on against the Comptroller General of the said Commissioners or the Assistant Comptroller General of the said Commissioners for the Time being, and Damages recovered or other Remedy given in any Court of Law or Equity against such Comptroller or Assistant as might have been recovered or given against the Governor and Company of the Bank of England in case the said Annuity had remained transferable in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or against the said Auditor in case the said Annuity stood recorded in the Books of the said Auditor; and all Damages and Sums of Money and Costs recovered in any such Suit or Proceeding shall be paid by the Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, for the Time being, (which Order the said Commissioners are hereby required to give,) out of any of the Aids and Supplies voted by Parliament for the Public Service: Provided always, that the Body, or Goods, Chattels, Lands, or Tenements of such Comptroller or Assistant Comptroller, shall not, by reason of his being Defendant, under the Provisions of this Act, in any such Suit, Action, or Party in any such Proceeding, be liable to be arrested, seized, detained, or taken in Execution; and no such Suit shall abate on the Death or Removal from Office of the Comptroller or Assistant Comptroller against whom the said Suit was had, but shall continue in full Force against his Successor.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Declaration required by this Act to be made to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, nor any Warrant, Certificate, Affidavit, or Affirmation, or other Instrument, (save and except all Letters of Attorney which shall or may be granted from Time to Time for the Purposes of this Act,) made out by or under the Authority of the said Commissioners, shall be liable to the Payment of any Stamp Duty.

XVII. And be it enacted, That all the Powers and Authorities of the Commissioners of the Treasury and of the Auditor of the Exchequer, so far as the same are applicable to the Management and Payment, or to any other Matter or Thing relating to any Life Annuities created by the said first-recited Acts, shall cease and determine on and from and after the Fifth Day of Jxdy One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two; and all the Powers and Authorities of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, so far as the same are applicable to the said recited Act of the Tenth Year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, or to any other Act enabling the Commissioners of the

U 3 National

Comptroller in all Cases in which the Bank would have been liable if the Annuity had remained in their Books.

Declaration, &c. not to be stamped.

Powers of Treasury and Auditor of Exchequer, as to Annuities under first-recited Acts, to cease on 5th July; and those of the Bank under 10 G. 4., &c. to expire on 30th July 1832.,

294

C. 59.

2° & 3" GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Powers of Auditor of Exchequer and Governor and Company of Bank to be exercised by the Commissioners.

Penalty on forging Register, Certificate, Transfers, &c. Felony, punishable by Death.

National Debt to grant Life Annuities (except as in this Act provided)^ shall cease and determine on and from and after the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers and Authorities which are by the said recited Acts, or any or either of them, respectively given to the Commissioners of the Treasury, or to the Auditor of the Exchequer, or to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or to their respective Officers, or any Officer or Servant acting under them respectively, in relation to any Annuity by this Act placed under the Management of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, or to any Matter or Thing required by any of the said recited Acts to be done by the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or by the said Auditor, or by the said Governor and Company, shall and may be used and exercised and put in force for all the Purposes of this Act, and for the more effectual carrying the Provisions thereof into execution, by the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, or by any Person acting under their Authority, as fully to all Intents and Purposes, so far as the same are not altered by this Act, as if the same were severally re-enacted in this Act, and expressly given to the said Commissioners.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or shall cause or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or shall knowingly or wilfully act or assist in the forging, counterfeiting, or altering, any Declaration, Warrant, Order, or other Instrument, or any Affidavit or Affirmation required to be made, by this Act, or by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, under any of the Provisions of this Act, or under any Authority given to them for that Purpose; or shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or shall cause or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or shall knowingly or wilfully act or assist in the forging, counterfeiting, or altering, any Certificate or Order of any Officer of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, or the Name or Names of any Person or Persons in or to any Transfer of any Annuity, or in or to any Certificate, Order, Warrant, or other Instrument for the Payment of Money for the Purchase of any Annuity under the Provisions of this Act, or in or to any Transfer or Acceptance of any such Annuity in the Books of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, or in or to any Receipt or Discharge for any such Annuity, or in or to any Receipt or Discharge for any Payment or Payments due or to become due thereon, or in or to any Letter of Attorney or other Authority or Instrument to authorize or purporting to authorize the Transfer or Acceptance of any Annuities or any Life Annuity of whatsoever kind, or authorizing or purporting to authorize the Receipt of any Life Annuity of whatsoever kind granted under any of the said recited Acts or this Act, or any Payment or Payments due or to become due thereon; or if any Person or Persons shall wilfully, falsely, and deceitfully personate any true and real Nominee or Nominees, or shall wilfully utter or deliver or produce to any Person or Persons acting under the Authority

11 of

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV.

295

C. 59, 60.

of this Act any forged Register or Copy of Register of any Birth, Baptism, or Marriage, or any forged Declaration, Affidavit, or Affirmation, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or with Intent to defraud any Person or Persons whomsoever; then and in every such Case all and every Person and Persons so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and suffer Death.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, for the Time being, may order and direct to be issued and paid, out of the Fund upon which the Establishment of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt is chargeable, any Sum or Sums of Money for the Payment of Salaries to Officers and Clerks acting in the Execution of this Act, and for discharging such incidental Expences as shall necessarily attend the Execution thereof, in such Manner as the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall from Time to Time think fit and reasonable, and also for the Payment of all such Damages, Costs, Charges, and Expences as shall be recovered against or payable under the Provisions of this Act by the Comptroller General or Assistant Comptroller General of the said Commissioners, which last-mentioned Damages, Costs, Charges, and Expences shall be payable and paid out of any Aids or Supplies granted by Parliament, and applicable to any public Service.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LX.

An Act for holding the Assizes for the King's County in

Ireland, Twice in every Year, at Tullamoore, instead of Philipstown.

[4th July 1832.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Assizes for the King's

County in that Part of the United Kingdom called

4 Ireland be held Twice in each Year in the Town of Tullamoore, 4 instead of in the Town of Philipstown in the said Kings County:

And whereas the holding the same as aforesaid would be conducive to the more speedy and effective and due Administration of Justice therein be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five the said Town of Tullamoore aforesaid shall be deemed and taken to be the Shire Town of the said County, and that all the Commissions of Assize and Nisi Prius, and all general Commissions of Oyer and Terminer, and all Commissions of General Gaol Delivery, which shall be appointed to be held and executed for the said King's County, shall be held and executed for the said Kings County at and in the said Town of Tullamoore; and that the said Commissions for the said King's County shall

U 4 be

Treasury may order Issues of Money for Payment of Salaries.

Act may be altered or repealed.

Assizes to be held in future at Tullamoore instead of Philipstown.

290

C. 60, 61.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

be appointed and executed at and in the said Town of Tullamoore Twice in every Year, (that is to say,) at or about the usual Times for holding the Lent and Summer Assizes respectively; any Law, Statute, Usage, Matter, or Thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

Proviso for

II. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared,

holding Assizes That if at any Time hereafter the said Town of TuUamoore shall dentto the ^e wholly unfit for holding Assizes there, by Accident of Fire, Town of Tulla- or by means of any contagious or epidemical Distemper, or by moore. reason of any Civil Tumults or Disorder, or the Danger or reasonable Apprehension thereof, or by reason of any other Cause or Exigency, the same or any of the aforesaid Matters 4o be made to appear before the Lord High Chancellor, or Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for keeping the Great Seal of Ireland, for the Time being, that then and in such Cases only it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord High Chancellor, or Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for keeping the Great Seal of Ireland, for the Time being, with the Advice of the Justices of Assize, from Time to Time in and during the Continuance of such respective Exigencies only, and for and at no other Time or Times, to appoint some convenient Place within the said Kings County for holding the said Assizes, and each or either of them, instead of the said Town of Tullamoore; any thing in this present Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding. Tullamoore to

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Town of Tulla-be deemed a moore shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be deemed Town within the and taken to be, for the Purposes aforesaid, a Town or Place for 53G^13^q131 holding whereat the Assizes of said County Provision may be made by all such Ways and Means as are prescribed for providing for the holding of the Assizes of any County, County of a City, or County of a Town, under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Fifty-third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to make further Regulations far the building and repairing of Court Houses and Sessions Houses in Ireland.

CAP. LXI.

An Act to render more effectual an Act passed in the Fifty-ninth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for building and promoting the building of additional Churches in populous Parishes.

[Ilth July 1832.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third,

9 G. 3. c. 134. intituled An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act ' passed in the last Session of Parliament, for building and promoting the building of additional Churches in populous Parishes, ' whereby it is (amongst other things) enacted, that it should be ' lawful for the Commissioners appointed for the Execution of the therein-recited Act, with certain Consents in the now- reciting Act mentioned or referred to, to unite and consolidate ' contiguous Parts of Parishes and Extra-parochial Places into

4 a sepa-

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 61, 62.

297

- a separate and distinct District for all Ecclesiastical Purposes,

and to make Grants or Loans towards the building of any Chapel or Chapels in any such District, and to constitute any such District a consolidated Chapelry; and that all such Chapel ries should be deemed to be Benefices, and be subject to the Jurisdiction of the Bishop and Archdeacon within whose Diocese and Archdeaconry the Altar of such Chapel should be locally situate: And whereas Doubts have arisen touching such 6 Jurisdiction in the Case of Chapels or Districts situated wholly or in part within exempt or peculiar Jurisdictions; be it therefore enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every such Chapel and District, Chapels within whether situated wholly or in part within any exempt or peculiar exempt or pecu-Jurisdiction, shall be subject to the Jurisdiction of the Bishop and Archdeacon within the Limits of whose Diocese and Arch- *'ct to the deaconry the Altar of any such Chapel shall be locally situate, Bishop within in as full and ample a Manner as it would be if no Part of such whose Diocese Chapelry were within some exempt or peculiar Jurisdiction; and the Altar is in every such Case all other Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction over the locally situate, said Chapel and Chapelry shall wholly cease, and no other such Jurisdiction shall be exercised in the said Chapelry, save and except the Jurisdiction of the Bishop and Archdeacon as aforesaid; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXII.

An Act for abolishing the Punishment of Death in certain Cases, and substituting a lesser Punishment in lieu thereof.

[11th July 1832.]

An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws in England 7&8 G.4. c. 29. relative to Larceny, and other Offences connected therewith, it is amongst other things enacted, that if any Person shall steal in any Dwelling House any Chattel, Money, or valuable Security,

4 to the Value in the whole of Five Pounds or more, every such Offender, being convicted thereof, shall suffer Death as a Felon;

and it is also by the said Act enacted, that if any Person shall steal any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Colt, or Filly, or any Bull,

4 Cow, Ox, Heifer, or Calf, or any Ram, Ewe, Sheep, or Lamb,

or shall wilfully kill any of such Cattle with Intent to steal the Carcass or Skin or any Part of the Cattle so killed, every such Offender shall be guilty of Felony, and being convicted thereof shall suffer Death as a Felon: And whereas by an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the same Reign, intituled An Act for con- 9 G. 4. c 55.

solidating and amending the Laws in Ireland relative to Larceny,

and other Offences connected therewith, it is among other things enacted, that if any Person shall steal in any Dwelling House any Chattel, Money, or valuable Security, to the Value in the whole of Five Pounds or more, every such Offender, being convicted thereof, shall suffer Death as a Felon; and it is also by the said last-mentioned Act enacted, that if any Person

shall

C. 62, 63.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Persons convicted of any of the Offences herein specified shall be transported for Life.

Limiting the Time for granting Pardons,

&c. by Governors, &c. of Colonies.

6 Ann. c. 23.

shall steal any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Colt, or Filly, or any

Bull, Cow, Ox, Steer, Bullock, Heifer, or Calf, or any Ram,

Ewe, Sheep, or Lamb, or shall wilfully kill any of such Cattle

with Intent to steal the Carcass or Skin or any Part of the ' Cattle so killed, every such Offender shall be guilty of Felony,

and being convicted thereof shall suffer Death as a Felon: And whereas it is expedient that a lesser Punishment than that of

Death should be provided for the several Offences herein-before specified:' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of each of the said Acts as inflicts the Punishment of Death upon Persons convicted of any of the Felonies herein-before specified shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that from and after the passing of this Act every Person convicted of any of the Felonies herein-before specified, or of counselling, aiding, or abetting the Commission thereof, shall be transported beyond the Seas for Life.

II. And be it further enacted, That neither the Governor or Lieutenant Governor of any Island, Colony, or Settlement, or any other Person, shall give any Pardon or Ticket of Leave to any Person sentenced to Transportation, or who shall receive a Pardon on condition of Transportation, or any Order or Permission to suspend or remit the Labour of any such Person, except in Cases of Illness, until such Person, if transported for Seven Years, shall have served Four; if transported for Fourteen Years, shall have served Six; or if transported for Life, shall have served Eight Years of Labour; and that no such Person shall be capable of acquiring or holding any Property, or of bringing any Action for the Recovery of any Property, until after such Person shall have duly obtained a Pardon from the Governor or Lieutenant Governor of the Colony or Settlement in which he or she shall have been confined: Provided that nothing herein contained shall in any Manner affect His Majesty's Royal Prerogative of Mercy.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act to enable Peers of Scotland to take and subscribe in Ireland the Oaths required for qualifying them to vote in any Election of the Peers of Scotland.

[11th July 1832.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the

1 Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act to make further Provision for electing and summoning Sixteen Peers

of Scotland to sit in the House of Peers in the Parliament of Great Britain, and for trying Peers for Offences committed in Scotland,

and for the further regulating of Voters in Elections of Members 6 to serve in Parliament, it was amongst other things enacted, ' that the Peers of Scotland should, previously to every Election

to be held by them under the Authority of the said recited (Act, take and subscribe the Oaths, and make, repeat, and subscribe the Declaration in the said recited Act mentioned and

set forth; and it was further enacted, that such of the Peers

4 of

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 63.

299

of Scotland who at the Time of issuing the Proclamation for any Election of Peers in manner directed by the said recited Act should reside in England might take and subscribe the said

Oaths, and make, repeat, and subscribe the said Declaration, in

Her Majesty's High Court of Chancery in England, Her Majesty's Court of Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Court of Exchequer in England, which being certified by Writ to the

Peers of Scotland at their Meeting, under the Seal of the Court

where such Oath and Declaration should be made, repeated,

and subscribed, should be sufficient to entitle such Peer to 1 make his Proxy or to send a signed List in manner in the said recited Act mentioned, for the Purpose of voting at any Election

to be made by the Peers of Scotland: And whereas by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act for the further Security of His l G. l. stat. 2. Majesty's Person and Government, and the Succession of the Crown c. 13. f in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants, and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales and his open and secret Abettors, it was enacted, that all and every Person or Persons, as well Peers as Commoners, who by virtue of any Act or Acts made since the Union with Scotland were bound to take and subscribe the Oaths of Allegiance and Abjuration,

should take and subscribe the same in the Words therein mentioned and set forth: And whereas by an Act passed in the

Sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third,

intituled An Act for altering the Oath of Abjuration and the 6 G. 3. c. 53.

Assurance, and for amending so much of an Act of the Seventh Year of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the

4 Improvement of the Union of the Two Kingdoms, as, after the

Time therein limited, requires the Delivery of certain Lists and

Copies therein mentioned to Persons indicted of High Treason

or Misprision of Treason, it is amongst other things enacted,

that the Oath of Abjuration shall be thereafter-administered in such Form and Manner as is therein set down and prescribed: And whereas by an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled

An Act for the Relief of His Majesty's Roman Catholic Subjects, io G. 4. c. 7. 4 it is enacted, that all such Parts of any Act or Acts of Parliament which require the Declaration against Transubstantiation,

and the Invocation of Saints, or the Sacrifice of the Mass, to be made by any of His Majesty's Subjects as a Qualification for sitting and voting in Parliament, or for the Exercise or Enjoyment of any Office, Franchise, or Civil Right, shall be and the same are thereby repealed, save as therein-after provided and excepted; and that it shall be lawful for Persons professing the Roman Catholic Religion to vote at the Elections of Representative Peers of Scotland, and to be elected such Representative Peers, being in all other respects duly qualified, upon taking and subscribing the Oath therein appointed and set forth, instead of the Oaths of Allegiance, Supremacy, and Abjuration: And whereas according to the Laws and Acts of Parliament at present in force the Oaths required to be taken and subscribed by Peers of Scotland, to qualify them to vote in any Election of Peers, are the Oath of Supremacy specified in

C. 63, 64.

S° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Peers of Scotland, being in Ireland, may take the Oaths required to be taken by them in certain Courts in Ireland.

2 W. 4. c. 45.

the said recited Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of Hef 4 said Majesty Queen Anne, the Oath of Allegiance specified iir the said recited Act of the First Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the First, and the Oath of Abjuration specified in the said recited Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the Third, and so far as concerns all Peers of Scotland professing the Roman Catholic Religion, the Oath specified in the said recited Act of* the Tenth Year of His said Majesty King George the Fourth; but no Provision has been made for taking and subscribing the said Oaths by any Peers of Scotland in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and the Want of such Provision has been and may be attended with Inconvenience:* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act every Peer of Scotland, being in Ireland, may take and subscribe the Oaths by any Act or Acts of Parliament required to be taken and subscribed by the Peers of Scotland to qualify them to vote at any such Election as aforesaid, in His Majesty's High Court of Chancery in Ireland, or in the Court of King's Bench, Court of Common Pleas, or Court of Exchequer in Ireland, which being certified by Writ to the Peers of Scotland at their Meeting, under the Seal of the Court where such Oaths shall be so made and subscribed, shall be sufficient to entitle such Peer to make his Proxy or to send a signed List for the Purpose of voting at any Election to be made by the Peers of Scotland.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act to settle and describe the Divisions of Counties, and the Limits of Cities and Boroughs, in England and Wales, in so far as respects the Election of Members to serve in Parliament.

[11th July 1832.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, and intituled An Act to amend the Representation of the People in England and Wales, it is (amongst other things) provided, that each of the Counties enumerated in the Schedule marked (F.) thereto annexed should be divided into Two Divisions, which Divisions should be settled and described by an Act to be passed for that Purpose in this present Parliament, which Act, when passed, should be deemed and taken to be Part of the Act now in recital as fully and effectually as if incorporated therewith; and that Two Knights of the Shire should be chosen for each Division of the said Counties; and that the Court for the Election of such Knights of the Shire should be held at the Place to be named for that Purpose in the Act so to be passed for settling and describing the Divisions of the said Counties: And whereas the Act so to be passed for settling and describing the Divisions of the said Counties,

as in the said recited Act is mentioned, is this present Act:

And

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 64.

301

And whereas the several Counties enumerated in the said

Schedule marked (F.) to the said recited Act annexed are the several Counties whereof the Divisions are herein-after settled *. and described Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Two Divisions of the County of Chester shall respectively be called the Northern Division and the Southern Division; and that such Northern Division shall include the whole of the respective Hundreds of

Macclesfield and Bucklow;

and that such Southern Division shall include the whole of the several Hundreds of

Broxton,

Eddisbury,

Nantwich,

Northwich, and Wirrall;

and also the City and County of the City of Chester;

and that the Court for the Election of Knights of the Shire shall be held for such Northern Division at the Town of Knutsford, and for such Southern Division at the City of Chester.

II. And be it enacted, That the Two Divisions of the County of Cornwall shall respectively be called the Eastern Division and the Western Division; and that such Eastern Division shall include the whole of the several Hundreds called East,

West,

Lesnewth,

Stratton, and Trigg;

and also the following Parishes and Places in the Hundred of Powder; (that is to say,)

St Austell,

St Blazey,

St Denis,

St Eive,

Fowey,

Gorran,

Ladock,

Lanlivery,

Lostwithiel,

Luxation,

Mevagissey,

St. Mewan,

St. Michael Carhaise9 Roach,

St. Sampson's,

St. Ste-

Divisions of Cheshire.

Divisions of Cornwall»

302

C. 64.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Divisions of Cumberland.

Divisions of Derby *

St Stephens in Brannel> and Tywardreth,

together with all such Part of the Hundred of Pydar as will not be included in the Western Division of the County of Cornwall next herein-after described; and that such Western Division shall include the whole of the respective Hundreds of Kerrier and Penwith;

all such Part of the Hundred of Powder as will not be included in the Eastern Division of the County of Cornwall, herein-before described; the following Parishes in the Hundred of Pydar; (that is to say,)

St Agnes,

Crantock,

Cubert,

Newlyn,

St Enoder, and

PerranzabuloCy and the Scilly Islands; and that the Court for the Election of Knights of the Shire shall be held for such Eastern Division at the Borough of jBodmin, and for such Western Division at the Borough oT Truro.

III. And be it enacted, That the Two Divisions of the County of Cumberland shall respectively be called the Eastern Division and the Western Division; and that such Eastern Division shall include the whole of the several Wards of

Cumberland,

Eskdale, and Leath;

and that such Western Division shall include the whole of the respective Wards of

Allerdale above Derwent, and

Allerdale below Derwent; and that the Court for the Election of Knights of the Shire shall be held for such Eastern Division at the City of Carlisle, and for such Western Division at the Borough of Cockermouth.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Two Divisions of the County of Derby shall respectively be called the Northern Division and the Southern Division; and that such Northern Division shall include the whole of the respective Hundreds of

High Peak and Scarsdale;

and also so much of the Wapentake of Wirksworth as, by virtue of the Order made at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of Derby held at the Borough of Derby on the Twenty-eighth Day of June One thousand

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 64 *

303

thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, is comprised in the Bakewell Division, as established by such Order; and that such Southern Division shall include the whole of the several Hundreds of

Appletree,

Morleston and Litchurch, and

Repton and Gresley; and all such Parts of the Wapentake of Wirksworth as will not be included within the Northern Division of the County of Derby last herein-before described; and that the Court for the Election of Knights of the Shire shall be held for such Northern Division at the Town of Bakewell, and for such Southern Division at the County Hall in Derby.

V. And be it enacted, That the Two Divisions of the County of Devon shall respectively be called the Northern Division and the Southern Division; and that such Northern Division shall include the whole of the several Hundreds of Bampton,

Black Torrington,

Braunton,

Crediton,

Fremington,

Halberton,

Hartland,

Hayridge,

Hkmyock,

North Tawton and Winkleigh,

* . Shebbear,

Sherwill,

South-Molton,

Tiverton,

WITHERIDGE,

and

West Budleigh; and that such Southern Division shall include the whole of the several Hundreds of

Axminster,

Clyston,

CoLYTON,

Ottery St. Mary,

East Budleigh,

Li ETON,

Exminster,

Teignbridge,

Haytor,

Coleridge,

Stanborough,

Ermington,

Plympton,

Roborough, and Tavistock; and also the Castle of Exeter;

and

Divisions of Devon.

Divisions of Durham. and the Hundred of Wonford, except such Parts of that Hundred as are included in the Limits of the . City of Exeter as herein-after described; and that the Court for the Election of Knights of the Shire shall be held for such Northern Division at the Town of South-Molton, and for such Southern Division at the City of Exeter.

VI. And be it enacted, That the Two Divisions of the County of Durham shall respectively be called the Northern Division and the Southern Division; and that such Northern Division shall include the whole of the respective Wards of Chester and Easington; and that such Southern Division shall include the whole of the respective Wards of Darlington and

Divisions of Essex. Stockton; and that the Court for the Election of Knights of the Shire shall be held for such Northern Division at the City of Durham, and for such Southern Division at the Town of Darlington.

VII. And be it enacted, That the Two Divisions of the County of Essex shall respectively be called the Northern Division and the Southern Division; and that such Northern Division shall include the whole of the several Hundreds of Clavering, Dunmow, Freshwell, Hinckford, Lexden, Tendring, Thurstable, Uttlesford, Winstree, and Witham; and that such Southern Division shall include the whole of the several Hundreds of Barstable, Becontree, Chafford, Chelmsford, Dengie, Harlow, Ongar, Rochford, and

Divisions of Gloucester. Waltham; and of the Liberty of Havering; and that the Court for the Election of Knights of the Shire shall be held for such Northern Division at the Town of Braintree, and for such Southern Division at the Town of Chelmsford.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the Two Divisions of the County of Gloucester shall respectively be called the Eastern Division and 4

305

A.D. 1832. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. c. 64.

and the Western Division; and that such Eastern Divisioa shall include the whole of the several Hundreds of Crowthorne and Minety,

Brightwell's Barrow,

Bradley,

Rapsgate,

Bisley,

Longtree,

Whitstonb,

Kiftsgate,

Westminster,

Deerhurst,

Slaughter,

Cheltenham,

Cleeve,

Tibaldston,

Tewkesbury,

and

Dudstone and King's Barton; and also the City and County of the City of Gloucester and the Borough of Cirencester; and that such Western Division shall include the whole of the several Hundreds of

Berkley,

Thornbury,

Langley and Swineshead,

Grumbald's Ash,

Pucklb Church,

Lancaster Duchy,

Botloe,

St. Briarvel's,

Westbury, and Blidesloe;

and the Hundreds of Henbury and Barton Regis, except such Parts of those Hundreds as are included - in the Limits of the City of Bristol as herein-after described;

and that the Court for the Election of Knights of the Shire shall be held for such Eastern Division at the City of Gloucester, and for such Western Division at the Town of Dursley.

IX. And be it enacted, That the Two Divisions of the County Divisions of of Hants shall respectively be called the Northern Division and Hants. the Southern Division; and that such Northern Division shall include the whole of the several now existing Divisions of Alton,

Andover,

Basingstoke,

King's Clere,

Droxford,

Odiham,

Petersfield,

and

Winchester,

2 & 3 Gul.IV. X as

C. 64.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

306

Divisions of Kent.

Divisions of Lancaster.

as the same are now established by virtue of an Order made by His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Hants at the Midsummer Quarter Sessions for the said County held at Winchester on the Twenty-eighth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one; and also all such other Places, if any, in the said County of Hants, as are locally situated within or are surrounded by the said Sessional Divisions or any of them, and are not mentioned in the said Order; and that such Southern Division shall include the whole of the several now existing Divisions of Fareham,

Lymington,

Ring wood,

Romsey,

and

Southampton, as the same are now established by the Order aforesaid; and also all such other Places, if any, in the said County of Hants, as are locally situated within ot are surrounded by the said Four last-mentioned Sessional Divisions of the said County or any of them, and are r

not mentioned in the said Order; and also the Town and County of the Town of Southampton;

and that the Court for the Election of Knights of the Shire shall be held for such Northern Division at the City of Winchester, and for such Southern Division at the Borough of Southampton.

X. And be it enacted, That the Two Divisions of the County of Kent shall respectively be called the Eastern Division and the Western Division; and that such Eastern Division shall include the whole of the respective Lathes of

St. Augustine and

Shepway, including the Liberty of Romney Marsh, and of the Upper Division of the Lathe of Scray; and that such Western Division shall include the whole of the respective Lathes of

Sutton-at-Hone

and

Aylesford,

and of the Lower Division of the Lathe of Scray; and that the Court for the Election of Knights of the Shire shall be held for such Eastern Division at the City of Canterbury, and for such Western Division at the Borough of Maidstone.

XI. And be it enacted, That the Two Divisions of the County of Lancaster shall respectively be called the Northern Division and the Southern Division; and that such Northern Division shall include the whole of the several Hundreds of

Lonsdale,

Amounderness,

Leyland,

and

Blackburn;

and

307

A.D. 1832. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. c. 64.

and that such Southern Division shall include the whole of the respective Hundreds of Salford and

West Derby;

and that the Court for the Election of Knights of the Shire shall be held for such Northern Division at the Borough of Lancaster, and for such Southern Division at the Town of Neioton.

XII. And be it enacted, That the Two Divisions of the County of Leicester shall respectively be called the Northern Division and the Southern Division; and that such Northern Division shall include the whole of the several Hundreds of

West Goscote,

East Goscote,

and

Framland;

and also those Two detached Portions of the Hundred of Gartree which are situated on the East of the Hundred of East Goscote; and that such Southern Division shall include the whole of the several Hundreds of

Gartree (except as before mentioned) , Sparkenhoe,

and

Guthlaxton; and also the Borough of Leicester and the Liberties thereof;

and that the Court for the Election of Knights of the Shire shall be held for such Northern Division at the Town of Loughborough, and for such Southern Division at the Borough of Leicester.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the Two Divisions of the County of Norfolk shall respectively be called the Eastern Division and the Western Division; and that such Eastern Division shall include the whole of the several Hundreds of

Blofield,

Clavering,

Depwade,

Diss,

Earsham,

North Erpingham,

South Erpingham,

Eynesford,

East Flegg,

West Flegg,

Forehoe,

Happing,

Henstead,

Humbleyard,

Loddon,

Taversham,

Tunstead, and Walsham;

X2 and

Divisions of Leicdster.

Divisions of Norfolk.

306

2a& 3° GULIELMI IV.

Divisions of Northampton.

C. 64 *

A.D. 183.

and that such Western Division shall include the whole of the several Hundreds of

Freebridge Marshland,

Smithdon,

Freebridge Lynn,

Clackclose,

Brothercross,

Gallow,

Holt,

Launditch,

South Greenhoe

Grimshoe,

North Greenhoe,

Wayland,

Shropham,

Gilt Cross, and Mitford;

and that the Court for the Election of Knights of the Shire shall be held for such Eastern Division at the City of Norwiehy and for such Western Division at the Town of Swajfham.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the Two Divisions of the County of Northampton shall respectively be called the Northern Division and the Southern Division; and that such Northern Division shall include the whole of the Liberty of Peterborough, and of the several Hundreds of WlLLYBROOK,

POLEBROOK,

Huxloe,

Navisford,

Corby,

Higham Ferrers,

Rothwell,

Hamfordshoe, and Orlingbury;

and that such Southern Division shall include the whole of the several Hundreds of

Kings Sutton,

Chipping Warden *

Greens Norton,

Cleley,

Towcester,

Fawsley,

Wymersley,

Spelhoe,

Nobottle Grove,

and

Guilsbo rough; and that the Court for the Election of Knights of the Shire shall be held for such Northern Division at the Town of Kettering, and for such Southern Division at the Borough of Northampton.

C. 64.

809

XV. And be it enacted, That the Two Divisions of the County of Northumberland shall respectively be called the Northern Division and the Southern Division; and that such Northern Division shall include the whole of the several Wards of

Bamborough,

COQUETDALE,

Glendale, and Morpeth, and of the Berwick Bounds; and that such Southern Division shall include the whole of the respective Wards of

Tynedale,

and

Castle,

and also the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne; and that the Court for the Election of Knights of the Shire shall be held for such Northern Division at the Town of Alnwick, and for such Southern Division at the Town of Hexham.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the Two Divisions of the County of Nottingham shall respectively be called the Northern Division and the Southern Division; and that such Northern Division shall include the whole of the respective Hundreds of

Bassetlaw, and Broxstow;

and that such Southern Division shall include the whole of the several Hundreds of

Rushcliffe,

Bingham,

Newark,

and

Thurgarton;

and that the Court for the Election of Knights of the Shire shall be held for such Northern Division at the Town of Mansfield, and for such Southern Division at the Borough of Newark.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the Two Divisions of the County of Salop shall respectively be called the Northern Division and the Southern Division; and that such Northern Division shall include the whole of the several Hundreds of

Oswestry,

Pimhill,

North Bradford, and

South Bradford, and of the Liberty of Shrewsbury;

and that such Southern Division shall include the whole of the several Hundreds of

Brimstrey,

Chirbury,

Condover,

Ford,

X 3 Munslow,

Divisions of Northumberland.

Divisions of Nottingham *

Divisions of Salop *

310

C. 64.

2° & 8° GULIELMI IV,

A.D. 1832.

Divisions of Somerset.

Munslow,

Overs,

Purslow, including Clun, and Stoddesdon, and of the Franchise of Wenlock;

and that the Court for the Election of Knights of the Shire shall be held for such Northern Division at the Borough of Shrewsbury, and for such Southern Division at the Town of Church Stretton.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That the Two Divisions of the County of Somerset shall respectively be called the Eastern Division and the Western Division; and that such Eastern Division shall include the whole of the several Hundreds or Liberties of

Bath Forum,

Bempstone,

Brent and Wrington,

Bruton,

Catsash,

Chew and Chewton,

Norton Ferris,

Frome,

Glaston Twelve Hides,

Hampton and Claverton,

Horethorne,

Keynsham,

Kilmersdon,

Mells and Leigh,

PoRTBURY,

Wellow,

Wells Forum,

Whitstone,

WINTERSTOKE,

and

Witham Friary; and also the Hundred of Hartcliffe with Bedminster, except such Parts of that Hundred as are included in the Limits of the City of Bristol as herein-after described;

and that such Western Division shall include the whole of the several Hundreds of

Abdick and Bulstone,

Andersfield,

Cannington,

Carhampton,

Crewkerne,

North Curry,

Houkdsborough, Berwick, and Coker, Huntspill and Puriton,

Kingsbury, East,

Kingsbury, West,

Martock,

Milverton,

North

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV;

C. 64.

311

North Petherton,

South Petherton,

Pitney,

Somerton,

Stone,

Taunton and Taunton Dean,

Tintinhull,

Whitley,

and

Williton and Freemanors; and that the Court for the Election of Knights of the Shire shall be held for such Eastern Division at the City of Wells, and for such Western Division at the Borough of Taunton.

XIX. And be it enacted, That the Two Divisions of the County Divisions of of Stafford shall respectively be called the Northern Division Stafford. and the Southern Division; and that such Northern Division

shall include the whole of the several Hundreds of Pirehill,

Totmonslow,

and

North Offlow; and that such Southern Division shall include the whole of the respective Hundreds of

South Offlow,

Seisdon,

and

CuTTLESTONE;

and that the Court for the Election of Knights of the Shire shall be held for such Northern Division at the Borough of Stafford, and for such Southern Division at the City of Lichfield *

XX. And be it enacted, That the Two Divisions of the County Divisions of of Suffolk shall respectively be called the Eastern Division and Suffolk. the Western Division; and that such Western Division shall

include the whole of the

Liberty of Bury St. Edmund's, and of the respective Hundreds of

Hartesmere

and

Stow;

and that such Eastern Division shall include

all such Parts of the County of Suffolk as are not comprised in the Liberty of Bury St. Edmund's, or in either of the Hundreds of Hartesmere and Stow; and that the Court for the Election of Knights of the Shire shall be held for such Western Division at the Borough of Bury St. Edmund's, and for such Eastern Division at the Borough of Ipswich.

XXI. And be it enacted, That the Two Divisions of the County Divisions of of Surrey shall respectively be called the Eastern Division and Surrey the Western Division; and that such Eastern Division shall include the whole of the several Hundreds of Brixton,

Kingston,

Reigate,

X 4? Tandridge,

C. 64.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV,

A.D. 182.

312

Tandridge,

and

Wallington;

and that such Western Division shall include the whole of the several Hundreds of

Blackheath,

COPTHORNE,

Effingham,

Elmbridge,

Farnham,

Godalming,

Godley and Chertsey,

Woking, and Wotton;

and that the Court for the Election of Knights of the Shire shall be held for such Eastern Division at the Town of Croydon, and for such Western Division at the Borough of Guildford Divisions of

XXII. And be it enacted, That the Two Divisions of the County Sussex. of Sussex shall respectively be called the Eastern Division and the Western Division; and that such Eastern Division shall include the whole of the several Rapes of Lewes,

Hastings, and Pevensey;

and that such Western Division shall include the whole of the several Rapes of

Arundel,

Bramber, and Chichester;

and that the Court for the Election of Knights of the Shire shall be held for such Eastern Division at the Borough of Lewes, and for such Western Division at the City of Chichester.

Divisions of

XXIII. And be it enacted, That the Two Divisions of the Warwick. County of Warwick shall respectively be called the Northern Division and the Southern Division; and that such Northern Division shall include the whole of the Hundred of Hemlingford, and of the County of the City of Coventry, and the Rugby Division,

and the Kirby Division of the Hundred of Knightlow; and that such Southern Division shall include the whole of the respective Hundreds of

Barlichway, and Kington, and the Kenilworth Division,

and the Southam Division of the Hundred of Knightlow; and that the Court for the Election of Knights of the Shire shall be held for such Northern Division at the Town of Coleshill, and for such Southern Division at the Borough of Warwick.

A.D. 1832. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. c. 64; 813

XXIV. And be it enacted, That the Two Divisions of the Dtostansof County of Wilts shall respectively be called the Northern, Wilts.

Division and the Southern Division; and that such Northern Division shall include the whole of the several Hundreds of

Chippenham,

North Damerham,

Bradford,

Melksham,

Potterne and Cannings,

Calne,

Selkley,

Ramsbury,

Whorwelsdown,

SWANBOROUGH,

Highworth, Cricklade, and Staple,

Kingsbridge, and Malmsbury;

and that such Southern Division shall include the whole of the several Hundreds of

Kinwardstone,

Heytesbury,

Branch and Dole,

Elstub and Everley,

Amesbury,

Warminster,

Mere,

South Damerham,

Downton,

Chalk,

Dunworth,

Cawden and Cadworth,

Frustfield,

Alderbury,

Underditch, and Westbury;

and that the Court for the Election of Knights of the Shire shall be held for such Northern Division at the Borough of Devizes, and for such Southern Division at the City of Salisbury.

XXV. And be it enacted, That the Two Divisions of the Divisions of County of Worcester shall respectively be called the Eastern Worcester. Division and the Western Division; and that such Eastern Division shall include the whole of the several now existing Divisions of

Stourbridge,

Dudley,

Droitwich,

Northfield,

Blockley,

and

Pershore,

as the same are established by an Order made by His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of

Worcester

314

C. 64.

2 & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Provision for detached Parts of Counties

Provision for the detached Parts of Hundreds, &c.

Worcester at the Epiphany Quarter Sessions for the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one; and also the Borough of Evesham; and also all such other Places, if any, in the said County of Worcester, as are locally situated within or are surrounded by the herein-before mentioned Sessional Divisions thereof, or any of them, and are not mentioned in the said Order; '

and that such Western Division shall include the whole of the several now existing Divisions of Upton,

Worcester,

Hundred House, and

Kidderminster, as the same are established by the last-mentioned Order; and also the City and County of the City of Worcester; and also all such other Places, if any, in the said County of Worcester, as are locally situated within or are surrounded by the Four lastly herein-before mentioned Sessional Divisions thereof, or any of them, and are not mentioned in the said Order; and that the Court for the Election of Knights of the Shire shall be held for such Eastern Division at the Borough of Droitwich, and for such Western Division at the City of Worcester.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That the isolated Parts of Counties in England and Wales which are described in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (M.) shall, as to the Election of Members to serve in Parliament as Knights of the Shire, be considered as forming Parts of the respective Counties and Divisions which are respectively mentioned in the Fourth Column of the said Schedule (M.) in conjunction with the Names of such isolated Parts respectively; and that every Part of any County in England or Wales which is detached from the main Body of such County, but for which no special Provision is hereby made, shall be considered, for the Purposes of the Election of Members to serve in Parliament as Knights of the Shire, as forming Part of that County (not being a County Corporate) , and of that Division* Riding, or Parts, whereby such detached Part shall be surrounded; but if any such detached Part shall be surrounded by Two or more Counties, or Divisions, Ridings, or Parts, then as forming Part of that County, or Division, Riding, or Parts, with which such detached Part shall have the longest common Boundary.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That as respects the Counties of York and Lincoln, and also the Counties hereinbefore divided, except the Counties of Hants and Worcester, every Portion of any Hundred, Ward, Wapentake, Rape, Lathe, or Liberty of any such County which is detached from the main Body of such Hundred, Ward, Wapentake, Rape, Lathe, or Liberty, and is also locally separated from that Division of the County to which such main Body is to belong under the Provisions contained in this Act or in the herein-before recited A$t, but which is not subject to the Provisions lastly herein-before contained,

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV:

C. 64.

315

contained, shall, for the Purpose of the Election of Members to serve in Parliament as Knights of the Shire, be considered as forming Part of that Division, Parts, or Riding of the same County by which such detached Portion is surrounded or to which it adjoins.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That all Liberties, Franchises, and Provision for Places having a separate Jurisdiction, which are not herein-before Liberties, &c. expressly mentioned, (except the several Cities and Towns, and Counties thereof respectively, of Bristol, Exeter, Lichfield, Norwich,

and Nottingham, and except the several Places by this Act comprised within the Boundaries thereof respectively,) shall, as to the Election of Members to serve in Parliament as Knights of the Shire, respectively be considered as included within the respective Divisions hereby established in which such Liberties,

Franchises, and Places having a separate Jurisdiction shall be locally situated.

XXIX. And whereas by the herein-before recited Act it County Polling ' is also provided, that the respective Counties in England and P1*shall be ' Wales, and the respective Ridings, Parts, and Divisions of mentioned in

Counties, should be divided into convenient Districts for polling. Schedule (N.)

and that in each District should be appointed a convenient to this Act.

Place for taking the Poll at all Elections of a Knight or Knights ' of the Shire to serve in any future Parliament, and that such ' Districts and Places for taking the Poll should be settled and ' appointed by the Act to be passed in this present Parliament for the Purpose of settling and describing the Divisions of the ' Counties enumerated in the Schedule marked (F.) to the said ' recited Act annexed, provided that no County, nor any Riding,

Parts, or Division of a County, should have more than Fifteen

Districts and respective Places appointed for taking the Poll ' for such County, Riding, Parts, or Division; and by the said recited Act it is also provided that the several Boroughs of New

Shoreham, Cricklade, Aylesbury, and East Retford, as thereby defined, should be divided into convenient Districts for polling,

6 and that there should be appointed in each District a convenient Place for taking the Poll at all Elections of Members ' to serve in any future Parliament for each of the said Boroughs,

which Districts and Places for taking the Poll should be settled

and appointed by an Act to be passed in this present Parliament be it therefore enacted, That the Poll for Election of Knights of the Shire shall be taken at such Places as in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (N.) are mentioned in conjunction with the Names of the Counties, and of the Ridings,

Parts, and Divisions of Counties, in which such Places are respectively situated.

XXX. And be it enacted, That the Justices of the Peace for Polling Dis-every County in England and Wales, and for each of the Ridings for Coun-of Yorkshire, and for the Parts of Lindsey, and for the Parts of *ies l!esett*e<* Kesteven and Holland, in Lincolnshire, assembled at the Quarter by ces' Sessions to be holden in the Month of October in the present Year, or at some Special Sessions to be appointed by them so assembled as aforesaid which shall be holden on or before the last Day of October in the present Year, shall divide their respective Counties, and Ridings, Parts, and Divisions of Counties, into convenient

Districts

316

C. 64.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

In what Counties, &c. Places having separate Jurisdiction are to be considered *

Polling Places for New Shoreham, &c.

Polling Districts for New Shoreham, &c. to be settled by Justices.

Election or Poll may take place at Places in the

Districts for polling, and shall assign one of such Districts to evety Polling Place mentioned in the said Schedule marked (N.) to this Act annexed; and that a List describing the Districts named in every such Assignment, and naming the Polling Places to which such Districts are respectively assigned, shall be lodged with the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Parts, who shall forthwith cause Copies of such List to be printed, and shall deliver a Copy of such List to every Person who shall apply for the same, upon Payment of One Shilling for each Copy.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That for the Purpose of assigning such Districts to every Polling Place as aforesaid, every Liberty, Franchise, and Place having a separate or exclusive Jurisdiction shall be considered as being within that County, and within that Division, Riding, or Parts, in which such Liberty, Franchise, or Place is placed by this Act, or by the Act herein-before recited, or in which the same is locally situated: Provided nevertheless, that the Justices of the Peace for the Isle of Ely, assembled at the Quarter Sessions for the said Isle of Ely to be holden in the Month of October in the present Year, or at some Special Sessions to be appointed by them, so assembled as aforesaid, which shall be holden on or before the last Day of October in the present Year, shall divide the said Isle of Ely into convenient Districts for polling, and shall assign One of such Districts to every Polling Place within the said Isle of Ely mentioned in the said Schedule (N.); and that a List describing the Districts named in such Assignment, and naming the Polling Places to which such Districts are respectively assigned, shall be lodged with the Clerk of the Peace for the said Isle of Ely, who shall allow the same, or a Copy thereof, to be inspected at his Office at all Times.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That the Poll for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said several Boroughs of New Shoreham, Cricklade, Aylesbury, and East Retford shall be taken at the Place or Places which in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (N. 2.) is or are mentioned in conjunction with the Names of such several Boroughs respectively.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That the Justices of the Peacfc for the respective Counties in which the Boroughs of New Shoreham, Cricklade, and East Retford are situated, shall, at the Quarter Sessions to be holden in the Month of October in th6 present Year, divide the said Boroughs of New Shoreham, Cricklade, and East Retford into convenient Districts for polling, and shall assign one of such Districts to every Polling Place for the said Boroughs of New Shoreham, Cricklade, and East Retford, mentioned in the said Schedule to this Act annexed marked (N. 2.); and that a List describing the Districts named in such Assignment, and naming the Polling Places to which such Districts are respectively assigned, shall be lodged with the Returning Officer of the respective Borough, who shall forthwith cause Copies of such List to be printed, and to be fixed on the Doors of the several Churches and Chapels within the Borough for which such Districts are assigned.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That, if it shall seem fit to the Sheriff, the Court for the Election of Knights of the Shire may

11 be

A.D. 183.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 64.

be held, or the Poll may be taken, at any Place or Spot in the Neighbourhood of any Place appointed by this Act for holding such Court or taking such Poll respectively, at which such Court or Poll may have heretofore been held or taken, or which may be convenient for either of those Purposes; any thing herein contained notwithstanding.

XXXV. And whereas by the Act herein-before recited it is also provided that each of the Places enumerated in the Schedules thereto annexed respectively marked (C.) (D.) and (E.) , and that every City and Borough in England which before the passing of the said recited Act was entitled to return a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, (except the several Boroughs enumerated in the Schedule thereto annexed marked (A.) , and except the several Boroughs of New Shoreham, Cricklade, Aylesbury, and East fietford,) and that the Borough of Brecon, and each of the Towns of Swansea, Loughor, Neath, Aberavon, and Keqfig, should, for the Purposes of the said recited Act, include the Place or Places respectively which should be comprehended within such Boundaries as should be settled and described by an Act to be passed for that Purpose in this present Parliament, which Act when passed should be deemed and taken to be Part of the said recited Act as fully and effectually as if incorporated therewith: And whereas the Act so to be passed for settling and describing the Boundaries of Cities, 4 Boroughs, and Places as in the said recited Act is mentioned is this present Act: And whereas the several Cities, Boroughs, and Places whereof the Boundaries were so to be settled and described as in the said recited Act is mentioned are the several Cities, Boroughs, and Places which are specified in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (O.)be it therefore further enacted and declared, That the several Cities, Boroughs, and Places specified in the said Schedule to this Act annexed (marked O.) shall, as to the Election of Members or a Member to serve in Parliament, respectively include the Places and be comprised within the Boundaries which in such Schedule are respectively specified and described in conjunction with the Names of such Cities, Boroughs, and Places respectively.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That, subject to any Direction to the contrary, the following Rules shall be observed in the Construction of the several Descriptions of Boundaries contained in the said Schedule hereto annexed (marked O.); (that is to

sajr»)

I. — That the Words Northward," 44 Southward," 44 Eastward," 44 Westward," shall respectively be understood to denote only the general Direction in which any Boundary proceeds from the Point last described, and not that such Boundary shall continue to proceed throughout in the same Direction to the Point next described:

% — That when any Road is mentioned merely by the Name of the Place to which such Road leads, the principal Road thither from the City, Borough, or Place of which the Boundary is in course of Description shall be understood: 8* — That whenever a Line is said to be drawn from, to, or through an Object, such Line shall, in the Absence of any

Direction

317

Neighbourhood of those named in this Act.

Contents and Boundaries shall be such as are set forth in Schedule (O.) to this Act.

Rules for the Construction of the Description* contained in Schedule (O.) to this Act.

SIS

C. 64.

29 & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832f,

Direction to the contrary, be understood to be drawn from, to, or through the Centre of such Object, as nearly as the Centre thereof can be ascertained:

4. — That every Building through which or through any Part

whereof any Boundary hereby established shall pass shall be considered as within such Boundary: Provided always, that if the Boundaries of any Two or more of the Cities, Boroughs, and Places whereof the Contents and Boundaries are hereby settled and described shall pass through the same Building or any Part thereof, such Building shall be considered as within that One of such Two or more of the said Cities, Boroughs, and Places which was before the passing of the herein-before recited Act entitled to return Members or a Member to serve in Parliament, or if neither or more than One of such Two or more of the said Cities Boroughs, and Places shall have been so entitled, then within that One of them whereof the Area as hereby established is the smallest:

5. — That whenever any Boundary by this Act established is said

to pass along any other Boundary, or along any Road, Lane, Path, River, Stream, Canal, Drain, Brook, or Ditch, the Middle (as nearly as the same can be ascertained) of such other Boundary, or of such Road, Lane, Path, River, Stream, Canal, Drain, Brook, or Ditch, shall be understood s

6. — That the Middle of any Road or Lane shall be understood

as the Middle of the Carriageway along the same:

7. — That when any Boundary by this Act established is said to

proceed along a Road, Lane, Path, River, Stream, Canal, or Drain, from or to an Object, such Boundary shall be understood to proceed from or to that Point in the Middle of such Road, Lane, Path, River, Stream, Canal, or Drain from which the shortest Line would be drawn to the Centre of such Object, as nearly as the Centre thereof can be ascertained: %

8. — That the Point at which any Fence, Hedge, Wall, Boundary,

Road, Lane, Path, River, Stream, Canal, Drain, Brook, or Ditch is said to cut, meet, join, cross, reach, or leave any Fence, Hedge, Wall, Boundary, Road, Lane, Path, River, Stream, Canal, Drain, Brook, or Ditch, shall be understood as that Point at which a Line passing along the Middle of the Fence, Hedge, Wall, Boundary, Road, Lane, Path, River, Stream, Canal, Drain, Brook, or Ditch so cut ,; met, joined, crossed, reached, or left, would be intersected by a Line drawn along the Middle of the Fence, Hedge, Wall, Boundary, Road, Lane, Path, River, Stream, Canal, Drain, Brook, or Ditch so cutting, meeting, joining, crossing, reaching, or leaving, if such Line were prolonged sufficiently far:

9. — That when a Line is said to be drawn to a Road, Lane,

River, Stream, or Canal, such Line shall be considered as prolonged to the Middle of such Road, Lane, River, Stream, or Canal:

10. — That by the Words " Sea" and " Sea Coast" shall be understood the Low-water Mark.

11. — That

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 64.

8Id

11, — That if any Deficiency shall be found to exist in the Line of any Boundary described in the said Schedule to this Act annexed marked (O.) , by reason of the Intervention of any Space between any Two immediately consecutive Points, such Deficiency shall be supplied by a straight Line to be drawn from the one to the other of such Two immediately consecutive Points.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That, notwithstanding Provision as to the Generality of any Description contained in the said Schedule detached Parts to this Act annexed marked (O.) , no City, Borough, or Place, the

Contents whereof are specified in such Schedule, shall include parochial any Part of any Parish, Township, Hamlet, Chapelry, Tithing, places.

Manor, or Liberty which is detached from the main Body of such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Chapelry, Tithing, Manor, or Liberty, if, by reason of including such detached Part, the Boundary hereby established of such City, Borough, or Place would not be continuous, unless such detached Part shall, before the passing of this Act, have formed Part of such City, Borough, or Place for the Purpose of the Election of Members to serve in Parliament; but that all Places, parochial or extra-parochial, which are surrounded by the Contents of which any City, Borough, or Place is said in such Schedule marked (O.) to consist, but for which no Provision is made in such Schedule (O.) , shall be considered as included within such City, Borough, or Place, for the Purpose of the Election of Members to serve in Parliament.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Mis- Misnomer not nomer or inaccurate Description contained in this Act, or in any vitiate, and of the Schedules hereto annexed, shall in anywise prevent or

abridge the Operation of this Act with respect to the Subject of con"j^red such Description, provided the same shall be so designated as as existing on the to be commonly understood; and that for the Purpose of identify- 1st Oct. 1831. ing the Descriptions contained in the said Schedule (O.) with the Subjects of such Descriptions respectively, such Descriptions shall, if now inapplicable, be held to apply to such Subjects as they existed on the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act Act may be

may be amended or altered by any Act or Acts to be passed this

during this present Session of Parliament. on '

SCHEDULES to which the foregoing Act refers. SCHEDULE (M.)

Counties to which the isolated Parts belong. Parishes, Townships, &c. of which, or of Parts of which, the isolated Parts consist. Counties in which the isolated Parts are locally situate. Counties and Divisions to which it is intended that the isolated Parts should be annexed.

ENGLAND, r Bedfordshire^ Bedfordshire - Part of Studham Pa-^v rish ', partly in Beach- (wood Park in the j County of Hertford J Part of Ickleford Parish Hertfordshire Hertfordshire Hertfordshire. Hertfordshire.

Counties to which the isolated Parts belong.

Parishes, Townships, &c. of which, or of Parts of which, the isolated Parts consist.

Counties

in which the isolated Parts are locally situate.

Berkshire -

Berkshire

Berkshire

Berkshire

Berkshire

Buckinghamshire

Buckinghamshire

Buckinghamshire

Cheshire

Cornwall

Cornwall

Derbyshire -«<

Derbyshire -1 Derbyshire -1 Derbyshire

Derbyshire

ire

vioyt -J

Jart of the \ St. Stephen | h, on the > Side of the I mar - -J

Devonshire -

Part of Great Barrington Parish

Part of Inglesham Parish

Part of Langford Parish Little Farringdon Tithing Part of Shilton Parish Studley Parish or Hamlet in the Parish of > Beckley - -J

Caversfield Parish

PartofLuffield Abbey, ! an Extra-parochial > Place -J

Part of Disley Township, situate on the I Derbyshire Side of the River Goyt - J A small Part of the Parish of St. by Saltash,

Eastern Side River Tamar Part of North Tamer-"] ton Parish, East of the Tamar - -J A Portion of Derbyshire, consisting of the Parishes and Places following; ue,

Measham -Stretton in the Fields - Willesley Part of Appleby Oakthorpe Chilcote Part of Donisthorpe Part of the Parish of l Ravenstone -

Part of the Township!

of Packington -J

Part of Scropton Township -

Part of Beard Township, on the Cheshire (Side of the River (Goyt -)

Thorncomb Parish

Gloucestershire

Wiltshire

Oxfordshire

Oxfordshire

Oxfordshire

Oxfordshire

Oxfordshire

Northamptonshire - \

Derbyshire

Either in Devonshire or f Cornwall -

Either in Devonshire or > Cornwall -J

Leicestershire -

Leicester- r shire -1

Leicestershire - \

Staffordshire - \

Derbyshire or Cheshire f

Dorsetshire -

Counties and Divisions to which it is intended that the isolated Parts should be annexed.

Gloucestershire, Eastern Division. Wiltshire,

Northern Division. Oxfordshire. Oxfordshire. Oxfordshire.

Oxfordshire.

Oxfordshire.

Northamptonshire, Southern Division.

Cheshire,

Northern Division.

Devonshire, Southern Division.

Cornwall,

Eastern Division.

Derbyshire, Southern Division.

Derbyshire, Southern Division. Derbyshire, Southern Division. Staffordshire, Northern Division.

Derbyshire, Northern Division.

Dorsetshire.

21

Cl 64.

Counties Counties and Divisions

Counties Parishes, Townships, &c. in to which

to which the isolated of which, or of Parts of which, which the isolated it is intended that the

Parts belong. the isolated Parts consist. Parts isolated Parts

are locally situate. should be annexed.

r Part of Axminster Pa- }

Devonshire rish, namely, Burhall > Downs and Easthay J Dorsetshire - Dorsetshire.

Devonshire Part of the Parish ofl Saint John - - J Cornwall - j Cornwall, Eastern Division.

Devonshire -Devonshire North Petherwin Parish Part of Wirrington Pa- 'J rish, West of the > Tamar -J Cornwall - Cornwall or ) Devonshire J Devonshire, Northern Division. Devonshire, Northern Division.

Devonshire Part of the Hamlet of \ Northcote, West of the Tamar - -J Cornwall or 'i Devonshire / Devonshire, Northern Division.

Devonshire Part of Bridgerule Parish, West of the > Tamar - -J Cornwall or 1 Devon - J Devonshire, Northern Division.

I Part of Maker Parish Cornwall, Eastern Division.

Devonshire in the Tithing of > Vaultersholme -J Cornwall " j

Dorsetshire - Stockland Parish Devonshire Devonshire, Southern Division.

Dorsetshire - Dallwood Township Devonshire Devonshire, Southern Division.

Durham -1 r The District of Nor-') hamshire . - - J The District of Island- \, Northum- 1 berland - J Northumberland, Northern Division.

Durham -< shire, including the I Northum- 1 Northumberland,

Fame Islands and | Monkhouse - -J berland - / Northern Division.

I

Durham The Parish of Bedling-") ton or Bedlington- V shire -J Northum- *) berland J Northumberland, Northern Division.

Durham -1 The Parish of Craike f or Craikeshire - | North Rid-"| ing of York- > shire - -J North Riding of Yorkshire.

Gloucestershire - / Minety Parish Wiltshire - j Wiltshire, Northern Division.

Gloucestershire - / Widford Parish - Oxfordshire Oxfordshire.

Gloucestershire - J Compton Parva Parish | Warwick- 1 shire - J Warwickshire, Southern Division.

Gloucester- 1 Sutton-under-Brails 1 Warwick- ) Warwickshire,

shire - J Parish -) shire -1 Southern Division.

Gloucester- 1 shire - J Shennington Parish Oxfordshire Oxfordshire.

Gloucester- *1 shire - / Part of Lea Parish Herefordshire Herefordshire.

Herefordshire Farloe Chapelry - Shropshire | Shropshire, Southern Division

2 & 3 Gui.IV. Y

L.

Counties to which the isolated Parts belong.

Herefordshire

Herefordshire

Hereford-

shire

Herefordshire

Herefordshire Hertfordshire Hertfordshire Huntingdon- 1 shire -

Huntingdon- 1 shire -

Huntingdon- shire -

Kent

Monmouth- 1 shire -J Oxfordshire

Oxfordshire

Oxfordshire

Oxfordshire

Shropshire

Somerset-

shire

ire

Parishes, Townships, &c. of which, or of Parts of which, the isolated Parts consist.

Rochford Parish

Foothog Township

Litton and Cascob Township

Bwich Hamlet -

Part of the Parish of\ Trellick - -J

Part of Coleshill Hamlet - -J

Part of Meppershall 1 Parish -

PartofCatworth Township -

Swineshead Parish

Part of Everton Parish

ish

Part of Woolwich Parish, North of the Thames

Welsh Bicknor Parish

Boycot Township

Lillingstone Lovell Pa-1 rish -}

Hackhampstead Chap- elry -

Great Lemhill Farm, Part of Broughton > Poggs Parish - -J

Part of Hales Owen J Parish -1

Holwell Parish, includ ing Buckshaw Tithing

North Ambersham and "v South Ambersham (Tithings in the Pa- j rish of Steep -

: lud-^j fith- S

Counties

in which the isolated Parts are locally situate.

Worcestershire - J Between Monmouthshire and Breconshire

Radnorshire

Monmouth- shire / Monmouth- shire Buckinghamshire

Bedfordshire

Northamp- *) tonshire -/

Bedfordshire

Between Bedfordshire and Cambridgeshire

Kent or Essex

Herefordshire Bucking- 1 hamshire J Bucking- 1 hamshire J Bucking- 1 hamshire J

Gloucestershire

Bounded by Worcestershire and Staffordshire

Dorsetshire -

Sussex

Counties and Divisions to which it is intended that the isolated Parts should be annexed.

Worcestershire, Western Division

Herefordshire.

Radnorshire.

Monmouthshire.

Monmouthshire.

Buckinghamshire.

Bedfordshire.

Northamptonshire, Northern Division.

Huntingdonshire.

Huntingdonshire.

Kent, Western Division.

Herefordshire.

Buckinghamshire.

Buckinghamshire.

Buckinghamshire.

Gloucestershire, Eastern Division.

Worcestershire, Eastern Division.

Dorsetshire.

Sussex, Western Division.

C. 64.

323

Counties Counties and Divisions

Counties Parishes, Townships, &c. in to which

to which the isolate' 1 of which, or of Parts of which. which the isolated it is intended that the

Parts belong. the isolated Parts consist. Parts isolated Parts

are locally situate. should be annexed.

Staffordshire - Broom Parish - - Worcester- l shire - J Worcestershire, Eastern Division.

Staffordshire - Clent Parish - -1 Worcester- 1 shire - / Worcestershire, Eastern Division.

Sussex - Part of Rogate Tithing, being a Farm called > Rogate Bohunt Farm J Hampshire Hampshire, Northern Division.

Warwick- r Tutnal and Cobley 1 Hamlet - - J Worcester- 1 Worcestershire,

shire - \ shire - J Eastern Division.

Warwick- J StrettonuponFoss Parish n Umington Parish - 1 Compton Scorpion \w Between Parts of Worcestershire and Gloucestershire - (Warwickshire,

shire - S Hamlet - J Whitchurch Parish - 1 j Southern Division.

I Ditchford Hamlet -J

Wiltshire Part of Wokingham \ Parish - J Berkshire - Berkshire.

Wiltshire - Hinton Tithing in Hurst Parish - - / Berkshire - Berkshire.

Wiltshire - £ Didnam Tithing in ") Shinfield Parish - J Berkshire - Berkshire.

Wiltshire Swallowfield Parish Berkshire - Berkshire.

Wiltshire Kingswood Parish £ Gloucester- shire - J Gloucestershire, Western Division.

Wiltshire Poulton Parish Gloucester- r Gloucestershire,

shire - \ Eastern Division.

Alderminster Parish -Tredington Parish, in- eluding the following Hamlets: Arinscot - - 1 Blackwell - -Newbold and Tolton -Darlingscote and -

Longdon - -J Shipston on Stour Parish Between Gloucestershire &War-wickshire -

Worcestershire - Tidmington Chapelry -Evenload Parish Blockley Parish, inO eluding the following 1 Worcestershire, | Eastern Division.

Hamlets: Northwich .Paxford - - > Draycott Dome Ditchford - -Aston Magna - - J CutsdeanorCuddesden 1

L Chapelry -

Y2

324

C. 64.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 18S2.

Counties to which the isolated Parts belong.

Parishes, Townships, &c-of which, or of Parts of which, the isolated Parts consist.

Counties

in which the isolated Parts are locally situate.

Counties and Divisions to which it is intended that the isolated Parts should be annexed.

Worcestershire -

Worcestershire -Worcestershire -Worcestershire -Worcestershire -

Worcestershire

r--}

Iccomb Parish

WALES:

Carnarvonshire

Carnarvonshire -

Denbighshire

Flintshire -<

Dailsford Parish Oldborough Parish -Dudley Parish - -1

Edvin Loach Parish -

Warley Wigorn Township

The Hundred of Crey do dyn, Eirias Township > or Hamlet - -J

Maenan

Carreghovah Township

Part of the Hundred* of Maylor, consisting of the following Parishes, Townships, or Places, or of Parts thereof respectively; namely,

Overton Foreign and Overton Villa Knolton Bangor -Erbistock Worthenbury -Abenbury Vechan Hanmer Halghton Willington Iscoed Bettisfield Tybroughton Penley Bronington - -J

Between Gloucestershire and Oxfordshire -

Oxfordshire {

Warwickshire Staffordshire

Herefordshire Between Parts of Staffordshire and Shropshire -

Gloucestershire, f Eastern Division.

Worcestershire, Eastern Division. Worcestershire, Eastern Division. Worcestershire, Eastern Division. Worcestershire, Eastern Division.

I Worcestershire, j Eastern Division,

Denbighshire

Denbighshire

Between Shropshire and Montgomeryshire

Bounded by the Counties of Salop, Chester, and Denbigh

Carnarvonshire.

Carnarvonshire.

Montgomeryshire.

Flintshire.

Counties to which the isolated Parts belpng.

Parishes, Townships, &c. of which, or of Parts of which, the isolated Parts consist.

Flintshire -i

Flintshire -

Flintshire -1

Glamorganshire -

Glamorganshire -

Brecknockshire -

Sundry other small' Plots of Land in the following Townships respectively; namely, Overton Villa - - )>

Overton Foreign Bangor Worthenbury Sutton -

Parts of Marford and 1 Hoseley Townships - / Part of Hawarden Township

Flat Holmes Barry Island -

Part of Glasbury Parish

Counties

in which the isolated Parts are locally situate.

Denbighshire

Denbighshire

Cheshire

IntheBristol 1 Channel - / In the Bristol 1 Channel - J Brecknockshire or Radnorshire

Counties and Divisions to which it is intended that the isolated Parts should be annexed.

Flintshire.

t

Flintshire.

Flintshire.

Glamorganshire.

Glamorganshire.

Brecknockshire.

SCHEDULE (N.)

Counties. Divisions. Polling Places.

ENGLAND: (' Bedford. Luton.

Bedfordshire --i Leighton. Ampthill. Biggleswade. Shambrook.

Abingdon.

Reading. Newbury.

Berkshire - Wantage. Wokingham.

Maidenhead. Great Farringdon.

I (East Ilsley. Aylesbury.

Buckinghamshire - Buckingham. Newport Pagnel.

I r . Beaconsfield. Cambridge.

Cambridgeshire - - Newmarket.

I r Royston. Ely.

Isle of Ely - -{ Wisbeach. Whittlesey. 1

Cheshire

Cheshire

Cornwall

Cornwall

Cumberland

Cumberland

Derbyshire

Derbyshire

Devonshire

Devonshire

Northern Division

Southern Divisions

Eastern Division

Western Division

ivision

Eastern Division -<

Western Division

Northern Division.

Southern Division

Northern Division

Southern Divisions

Knutsford.

Stockport.

Macclesfield*.

Runcorn.

Chester.

Nantwich.

Northwich.

Sandbach.

Birkenhead.

Bodmin.

Launceston.

Liskeard.

Stratton.

St. Austell.

Truro.

Penzance.

Helston.

Redruth.

Carlisle.

Brampton.

Wigton.

Penrith.

Aldstone.

Cockermouth.

Aspatria.

Keswick.

Bootle.

Egremont.

Bakewell.

Chesterfield.

Chapel-en-le-Frith.

Alfreton.

Glossop.

Derby.

Ashbourn.

Wirksworth.

Melbourn.

Belper.

South Molton.

Collumpton.

Barnstaple.

Torrington.

Holsworthy.

Crediton.

Exeter.

Honiton.

Newton Abbot.

Kingsbridge.

Plymouth.

Tavistock.

Okehampton.

Dorsetshire

Durham

Durham

Essex

Essex

Gloucestershire

Northern Division

Southern Division<

Northern Division

Southern Division<

Eastern Division

Gloucestershire

Hampshire

Western Division

Northern Division

Y4

Dorchester.

Wimborne.

Wareham.

Beaminster.

Sherborne.

Shaftesbury.

Blandford.

Chesilton.

Durham.

Sunderland.

Lanchester.

Wickham.

Chester-le-Street.

South Shields.

Darlington.

Stockton.

Bishops Auckland. Stanhope.

Middleton Teesdale. Barnard Castle. Sedgefield. Braintree. Colchester.

Saffron Walden. Thorpe.

Chelmsford.

Billericay.

Romford.

Epping.

Rochford.

Maldon.

Gloucester.

Stroud.

Tewkesbury.

Cirencester.

Campden.

Northleach.

Cheltenham.

Wotton-under-Edge.

Newent.

Newnham.

Coleford.

Sodbury.

Thornbury.

Dursley.

Winchester.

Alton.

Andover.

Basingstoke.

Kingsclere.

Odiham.

Petersfield.

Bishops Waltham.

328

C. 64.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV.

A.B.1832

Counties. Divisions. Polling Places.

(Southampton. Fareham.

Hampshire Southern Divisions Lymington. Portsmouth.

1 Ringwood. Romsey.

Herefordshire

Hereford.

Leominster.

Bromyard.

Ledbury.

Ross.

Kington.

Hertfordshire -

Huntingdonshire

Hertford.

Stevenage.

Buntingford.

Bishops Stortford.

Hoddesdon.

Hatfield.

Hemel Hempstead.

Huntingdon.

Stilton.

Kent

Kent

- Eastern Division

- Western Division

Canterbury.

Sittingbourne.

Ashford.

New Romney.

Ramsgate.

Maidstone.

Bromley.

Blackheath.

Gravesend.

Tonbridge.

Cranbrooke.

Lancashire

Lancashire

Northern Division*.

Southern Division

Lancaster.

Hawkeshead.

Ulverston.

Poulton.

Preston.

Burnley.

Newton.

Wigan.

Manchester.

Liverpool.

Ormskirk.

Rochdale.

Leicestershire

Leicestershire

{Loughborough. Melton Mowbray. Ashby-de-la-Zouch. r Leicester.

- Southern Division Hinckley.

I Market Harborough.

329

Counties. Divisions. Polling Places.

Lincoln.

Gainsborough. Epworth. Barton.

Lincolnshire Parts of Lindsey -«< Brigg. Market Raisin. Great Grimsby. Louth.

Spilsby.

Horncastle.

Sleaford. Boston. Holbeach.

Lincolnshire -1 Parts of Kesteven and Holland - Bourn. Donington. Navenby.

Spalding.

Grantham.

Brentford. Endfield. King's Cross, or within

Haifa Mile thereof.

Middlesex " - - Hammersmith. Bedfont. Edgware. Mile End. Uxbridge.

Monmouth. Abergavenny.

Monmouthshire - Usk. Newport. The Rock Inn, in the

1 I Parish of Bedwelty.

r Norwich. Yarmouth.

Norfolk - Eastern Division-.* Reepham. North Walsham.

k Long Stratton.

Swaffham. Downham.

Norfolk - Western Division Fakenham. Lynn Regis. Thetford.

East Dereham *

f Kettering. Peterborough.

Northamptonshire Northern Division Oundle.

\ Wellingborough. Clipston.

Northamptonshire

Southern Division

Northampton.

Daventry.

Towcester.

Brackley.

Northamptonshire

Northern Division

Northumberland

Southern Division *

Alnwick.

Berwick.

Wooler.

Elsdon.

Morpeth.

Hexham.

Newcastle upon Tyne. Haltwhistle. Bellingham. Stamfordham.

Nottinghamshire

Nottinghamshire

r Nottingham. Northern Division< Mansfield.

L East Retford.

{Newark upon Trent. Bingham.

Southwell.

Oxfordshire -Rutlandshire Shropshire

Shropshire

Northern Division

Southern Division

Oxford.

Deddington.

Witney.

Nettlebed.

Oakham.

Shrewsbury.

Oswestry.

Whitchurch.

Wellington.

Church Stretton.

Bridgnorth.

Ludlow.

Bishop's Castle. Wenlock.

Somersetshire

Somersetshire

Staffordshire

Eastern Division

Western Division

Northern Division

Wells.

Bath.

Shepton Mallet. Bedminster.

Axbridge.

Wincanton.

Taunton.

Bridgwater.

Uchester.

Williton.

Stafford.

Leek.

Newcastle underLyme. Cheadle.

Abbots Bromley.

Staffordshire

Suffolk

Southern Divisions

Eastern Division

Suffolk

Surrey

Surrey

Sussex

Sussex

Warwickshire -Warwickshire -

Westmoreland -

Western Division

Eastern Division

Western Division

Northern Division«

Southern Division«

Walsall.

Lichfield.

Wolverhampton.

Penkridge.

Kings Swinford. Ipswich.

Needham.

Woodbridge.

Framlingham.

Saxmundham.

Halesworth.

Beccles.

Bury St. Edmund's.

Wickham Brook.

Lavenham.

Stowmarket.

Botesdale.

Mildenhall.

Hadleigh.

Croydon.

Reigate.

Camberwell.

Kingston.

Guildford.

Dorking.

Chertsey.

Lewes.

East Grinstead. Battle.

Mayfield.

Chichester.

Steyning.

Petworth.

Horsham.

Arundel.

Coleshill.

Nuneaton.

Coventry.

Birmingham.

Dunchurch.

Warwick.

Kineton.

Stratford.

Henley.

Southam.

Appleby.

Kirkby-Stephen.

Shap.

Ambleside.

Kendal.

Kirkby-Lonsdale.

Isle of Wight Wiltshire

Wiltshire

Worcestershire

Worcestershire

Yorkshire

Yorkshire

Yorkshire

Northern Division^ Southern Division^ Eastern Division

ivision

Western Division

North Riding -

East Riding -

West Riding - *<

Newport.

West Cowes.

Devizes.

Melksham.

Malmsbury.

Swindon.

Salisbury.

Warminster.

East Everley. Hindon.

Droitwich.

Pershore.

Shipston.

Stourbridge.

Worcester.

Upton.

Stourport.

Tenbury.

York.

Malton.

Scarborough.

Whitby.

Stokesley.

Guisborough.

Romaldkirk.

Richmond.

Askrigg.

Thirsk. Northallerton. Kirby Moor Side. Beverley.

Hull.

Driffield.

Pocklington.

Bridlington.

Howden.

Hedon.

Settrington.

Wakefield.

Sheffield.

Doncaster.

Snaith.

Huddersfield.

Halifax.

Bradford.

Barnsley.

Leeds.

Keighley.

Settle.

Knaresborough. Skipton.

Pately Bridge. Dent.

WALES:

Anglesea

Brecknockshire

Caermarthenshire -

Cardiganshire -

Carnarvonshire -

Denbighshire -

Flintshire

Glamorganshire

Merionethshire

Montgomeryshire

Pembrokshire +

r Beaumaris, -< Holyhead. I Llangefni,

- Brecon.

Llandilo Vawr.

Caermarthen.

Llandovery.

Newcastle Etnlyn.

Saint Clears.

Llanelly.

Llansawel.

Cardigan.

Aberystwith.

Lampeter.

Tregaron.

Carnarvon.

Conway.

Capel Cerrig. Pwllheli.

Denbigh.

Wrexham.

Llanrwst.

Llangollen.

Ruthin.

Flint.

Rhuddlan.

Overton.

Bridgend.

Cardiff.

Swansea.

Neath.

Merthyr Tydvil. Harlech.

Bala.

Dolgelly.

Towyn.

Corwen.

Montgomery.

Llanidloes.

Machynlleth.

Llanfyllin.

Llanvair.

Haverfordwest.

Pembroke.

Narberth.

Fishguard.

Newport.

Tenby.

Mathry.

334

C. 64.

2* & 3o GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Counties. Divisions. Polling Places.

Radnorshire ' ' ' t New Radnor. Presteign. Rhaydr. Painscastle. Colwyn. Knighton. Pen-y-bont.

SCHEDULE (N.2.)

Boroughs. Polling Places.

New Shoreham - £ Cricklade -Aylesbury East Retford - New Shoreham. Cowfold. Cricklade. Brinkworth. Swindon. Aylesbury. East Retford. Ollerton. Worksop. Gringley-on-the-Hill.

SCHEDULE (O.)

1. — COUNTY OF BEDFORD.

Bedford. — The old Borough of Bedford.

2. — COUNTY OF BERKS.

Abingdon. — The old Borough of Abingdon.

Reading. — The old Borough of Reading.

Wallingford. — The old Borough of Wallingford; the several Parishes of Brightwell, Sotwell, North Moreton, South More-ton, Bensington, Crowmarsh, and Newnham Murren; the Liberty of Clapcot, and the Extra-parochial Precinct of the Castle; and also all such Parts of the several Parishes of Cholsey, Aston Tirrel, and Aston Upthorpe as are situate on that Side of the Line next herein-after described, on which the Town of Wallingford lies; (that is to sav,)

From Blewberry, along the Road called "The Icknield Way, '* to the Point on King's Standing Hill at which the same meets the Boundary of the Parish of Cholsey; thence. Eastward, along the Boundary of the Parish of Cholsey to the Point at which the same reaches the River Thames.

New Windsor. — The old Borough of New Windsor, the Lower Ward of the Castle, and so much of the Parish of Clewer as is situated to the East of the following Boundary; (that is to say,)

From

2« & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 64.

ESS

From the Point at which the Goswell Ditch joins the River Thames, along the Goswell Ditch to the Point at which the same meets Clewer Lane; thence, Westward, along Clewer Lane to a Point Twenty-five Yards distant from the Point last described; thence m a straight Line to the North-western Corner of the Enclosure Wall of the Cavalry Barracks; thence along the Western Enclosure Wall of the Cavalry Barracks to the Point at which the same cuts the Boundary of the Parish of New Windsor.

3. — COUNTY OF BUCKINGHAM.

Buckingham. — The several Parishes of Buckingham, Maids-morton, Thornborough, Padbury, Hillesden, Preston Bissett, Tingewick, and Radclive-cum-Chackmore.

Great Marlow. — The several Parishes of Great Marlow, Little Marlow, Medmenham, and Bisham.

Chipping Wycombe. — The Parish of Chipping Wycombe.

4. — COUNTY OF CAMBRIDGE.

Cambridge. — The old Borough of Cambridge.

5. — COUNTY OF CHESTER.

Northern Division.

Macclesfield. — From the Point at which the Boundary of the Borough of Macclesfield meets the Leek Road near Moss Pool, Southward, along the Leek Road to the Bridge over the Macclesfield Canal; thence, Eastward, along the Macclesfield Canal to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Borough; thence, Eastward, along the Boundary of the Borough to the Point at which the same is again met by the Macclesfield Canal; thence, Northward, along the Macclesfield Canal to the Point at which the same crosses Shore's Clough Brook; thence, Westward, along Shore's Clough Brook to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Township of Hurdsfield; thence, Southward, along the Boundary of the Township of Hurdsfield to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Borough of Macclesfield; thence, Westward, along the Boundary of the Borough of Macclesfield to the Point first described.

Stockport. — The Township of Stockport, and the respective Hamlets of Brinksway and Edgeley, together with those Parts of the respective Townships of Brinnington and Heaton Norris which are included within the following Boundaries respectively; (that is to say,)

Brinnington. — From the Point at which the Boundary of the Township of Stockport would be*cut by a straight Line to be drawn from the Bridge over the River Mersey on the Bredbury and Hyde Road to the Corn Mill in the Township of Heaton Norris, between the Manchester and Stockport Canal and the Reddish Road, and now in the Occupation of

Mr.

336

C. 64 *

2° & 8o GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Mr. Walmsley, along such straight Line to the Point at which the same cuts the River Tame; thence along the River Tame to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Township of Stockport; thence, Eastward, along the Boundary of the Township of Stockport to the Point first described. Heaton Norris. — From the Point at which the Boundary of the Township of Heaton Norris meets the Manchester Road, between a Public House called the Ash, and Danby Lane, along the Manchester Road to the Point at which the same meets Danby Lane; thence along Danby Lane to the Point at which the same is cut by a straight Line drawn thereto from the First Mile Stone on the Altringham Road through the Western Angle of the Public House called the Heaton Norris Club House; thence along the said straight Line to the Point at which the same meets the Southern Boundary of the Township of Heaton Norris; thence, Eastward, along the Boundary of the Township of Heaton Norris to the Point first described.

Southern Division.

Chester. — The old City of Chester, and also the Space included within the following Boundary; (that is to say,)

From the Second City Boundary Stone in Boughton Ford Mead, and on the Eastern Bank of the River Dee, in a straight Line to the Western Extremity of a Lane which leads from Stock Lane to Boughton Heath; thence in a straight Line to the Southern Extremity of Heath Lane; thence along Heath Lane to the Point at which the same joins the Christleton Road; thence along the Christleton Road to the Point at which the same is joined by New Lane; thence along New Lane to the Point at which the same meets Filkin Lane; thence along Filkin Lane to the Point at which the same joins, at Asp Tree Turnpike Gate, the Tarvin Road; thence along the Tarvin Road to Tarvin Bridge; thence along the Nantwich Canal to the Point at which the same meets the old City Boundary; thence, Southward, along the old City Boundary to the Second City Boundary Stone aforesaid.

6. — COUNTY OF CORNWALL.

Eastern Division.

Bodmin. — The several Parishes of Bodmin, Lanivet, Lanhydrock, and Helland.

Launceston. — The old Borough of Launceston and the Parish of St. Stephen, and all such Parts of the several Parishes of Lawhitton, St. Thomas the Apostle, and South Petherwin as are without the old Borough of Launceston.

Liskeard. — The Parish of Liskeard, and also all such Parts of the old Borough of Liskeard as are without the Parish of Liskeard.

Western

.2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 64.

Western Division.

Helston. — The old Borough of Helstone, the Parish of Sithney, and also the Space included within the following Boundary; that is to say,

From Coverack Bridge, over the River Loo, in a straight Line across the Wendron Road to the Western Extremity of a Lane leading by Wheal Ann to Graham Mine; thence along the said Lane to the Point at which the same meets a small Stream; thence, Southward, along the said Stream to the Point at which the same meets a Lane leading from Wendron to Trecoose and Constantine; thence, Eastward,

along the said Lane to Trecoose and Constantine, to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Parish of Wendron; thence, Southward, along the Boundary of the Parish of Wendron to Coverack Bridge.

St. Ives. — The old Borough of St. Ives, and the respective Parishes of Lelant and Towednack.

Penryn and Falmouth. — From the Point, on the North of Pen-ryn, at which the Boundary of the old Borough leaves the Boundary of the Parish of Mylor, Westward, along the Boundary of the old Borough to the Point at which the same meets the Road from Penryn to Helstone; thence in a straight Line to the Point, called Hill Head, at which the Road to Penryn from Budock joins the Road to Penryn from Constantine; thence in a straight Line to the nearest Point of the Boundary of the Parish of Falmouth; thence, Southward, along the Boundary of the Parish of Falmouth to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the detached Portion of the Parish of Budock; thence in a straight Line to the Northern Point at which the Boundary of the detached Portion of the Parish of Budock leaves the Boundary of the Parish of Falmouth; thence, Westward, along the Sea Coast to the Point at which the same is met by the Boundary of the Parish of Saint Gluvias; thence, Eastward, along the Boundary of the Parish of St. Gluvias to the Point first described.

Truro. — From Bosvigo Bridge over the Kenwyn River, and on the Boundary of the old Borough, along Bosvigo Lane, to the Point at which the same joins the Redruth Road; thence along the Redruth Road to the Point at which the same is joined, near Chapel-Hill Gate, by Green Lane; thence along Green Lane to the Point at which the same joins the Falmouth Road; thence along an Occupation Road leading through Newham-Farm Land to the Point at which such Occupation Road meets Newham-Farm Lane; thence along a Fence which proceeds from Newham-Farm Lane, and is the South-western Boundary of Two Fields respectively called Great Beef Close and Little Beef Close, to the Point at which such Fence meets the North-western Fence of a Field called Bramble Close; thence, Eastward, along the Fence of Bramble Close to the Point at which the same reaches the Shore of Calenick Creek; thence along the Shore of Calenick Creek to Lower Newham Wharf; thence in a straight Line across the Truro and Falmouth River to the 2 & 3 GuL. IV. Z South-

338

C. 64.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

South-eastern Extremity of Sunny-Corner Wharf; thence in a straight Line to Sunny-Corner; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which Trenack Lane would be cut by a straight Line to be drawn from the Eastern Extremity of Newham-Farm Lane to the Point called Hill Head, at which St. Clements Lane meets the St. Austell old Turnpike Road; thence in a straight Line to Mitchell-Hill Gate, on the old London Road; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Boundary of the old Borough would be cut by a straight Line to be drawn from Mitchell-Hill Gate to Kenwyn Church; thence, Northward, along the Boundary of the old Borough to Bosvigo Bridge.

7. — COUNTY OF CUMBERLAND.

Eastern Division.

Carlisle. — The ancient City of Carlisle, and the respective Townships of Botchergate and Rickergate, and also all such Part of the Township of Caldewgate as is comprised within the Boundary herein-after described; (that is to say,)

From the Bridge over the River Caldew uniting the Township of Caldewgate with the old City of Carlisle, Southward, along the River Caldew to the Point at which the same leaves the Boundary of the Township of Caldewgate; thence. Westward, along the Boundary of the Township of Caldewgate to the Point at which the Road from the Kell Houses to Carlisle joins the Wigton Road; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Bye-Road from Stainton, over the Summer House Ford in the River Eden, and across the Canal from the Solway to Carlisle, meets the Road from Great and Little Orton to Carlisle at a Place called New Town; thence along the said Road from Stainton to the Point at which the same reaches the Summer House Ford; thence along the Boundary of the Township of Caldewgate to the Bridge first described.

Western Division.

Cockermouth. — The several Townships of Cockermouth, Eagles-field, Brigham, Papcastle, and Bridekirk; and also that detached Portion of the Township of Dovenby which lies between the respective Townships of Papcastle, Bridekirk, and Cockermouth.

Whitehaven. — From the Point on the Sea Coast, North of Whitehaven, at which the Boundary of the Township of Preston Quarter meets the Boundary of the Township of Moresby, Eastward, along the Boundary of the Township of Preston Quarter, to the Point at which the Stream which flows through the Village of Hensingham falls into the Poe Beck; thence in a straight Line to the Point on the Sea Coast at which the Boundary of the Township of Preston meets the Boundary of the Township of Sandwith; thence along the Sea Coast to the Point first described.

8. — COUNTY OF DERBY.

Southern Division.

Derby. — The old Borough of Derby.

3

A'.D. 1832; 2» & 3° GULIELMI IV. c. 64 *

9__COUNTY OF DEVON.

Northern Division.

Barnstaple. — From the new Bridge over Braddiford Water, on the new Braunton Road, along the Hedge which is the Eastern Boundary of the East Pillow Marsh Field, to the Point at which the same cuts Poleshill Lane; thence along Poleshill Lane to the Point at which the same meets Hall's Mill Lane; thence along Hall's Mill Lane to the Point at which the same meets the Mill Leat; thence along the Mill Leat to the Point at which the same meets Shearford Lane; thence along Shearford Lane to the Point at which the same joins the Roborough Road; thence along the Roborough Road to the Point at which the same is met by Smoky House Lane; thence along Smoky House Lane ta the Point at which the same is cut by a Hedge which divides the Field called " Great Mill Close" from the Field called " Little Mill Close"; thence along the last-mentioned Hedge, and in a Line in continuation of the Direction thereof, to the Point at which such Line cuts the River Yeo; thence, Eastward, along the Boundary of the old Borough of Barnstaple to the Point at which the same meets, in Cooney Cut, the South-eastern Fence of a Field called " Ham thence along the last-mentioned Fence to the Point at which the same cuts Land Key Road; thence in a straight Line to the Point on Rumson Hill at which Windy Ash Lane meets the Brindon Cross Road; thence along Windy Ash Lane to the Point at which Wood Street Water crosses the same; thence along Wood Street Water to the Point at which the same joins the River Taw; thence along the River Taw to the Point at which the same is joined by the River Yeo; thence along the River Yeo to the Swing Bridge on the New Braunton Road; thence along the New Braunton Road to the new Bridge first described.

Tiverton. — The Parish of Tiverton.

Southern Division.

Ashburton. — The Parish of Ashburton.

Dartmouth. — From the Point on the Sea Coast at which the Boundary of the Parish of Townstall meets the Boundary of the Parish of Stoke Fleming, Northward, along the Boundary of the Parish of Townstall, to the Point at which the same meets the Stoke Road; thence along the Stoke Road, passing Swallaton Cross and Swallaton Gate, to the Point at which the Stoke Road meets the Milton Road; thence along the Milton Road to the Point at which the same is met by the Boundary of the Parish of Townstall; thence, Westward, along the Boundary of the Parish of Townstall to the Point at which the same reaches Old Mill Creek; thence along the Low-water Mark to the Point first described.

Devonport. — The Parish of Stoke Damerill, and the Township of Stonehouse.

Exeter. — From the Turnpike Gate on the Morton Road, South-

Z 2 ward,

339

340

C. 64.

2° & 3<> GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

ward, along Cowick Lane to the Point at which the same meets Stone Lane; thence along Stone Lane to the Point at which the same meets the Road from Exeter to Alphing-ton; thence, Southward, along the Road from Exeter to Alphington to the Point at which* the same is joined by Marsh Barton Lane; thence along Marsh Barton Lane to the Point at which the same reaches the Western Branch of the River Exe; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which Abbey Lane meets the Eastern Branch of the River Exe; thence. Southward, along the Leat to the Point at which the same is joined by the Brook which runs down through East Wonford; thence along the said Brook to the Point at which the same crosses the Old Stoke and Tiverton Road near the Road to Mincing Lake Farm; thence along the Old Stoke and Tiverton Road to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the County of the City; thence, Northward, along the Boundary of the County of the City to the Point near Foxhays at which a Branch of the River Exe, flowing through Exwick, joins the main Stream thereof; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Road from Exwick to the Turnpike Gate on the Morton Road is joined by a Road leading from Foxhays to Cleave; thence along the said Road from Exwick to the Turnpike Gate on the Morton Road to the Point at which the same reaches such Turnpike Gate.

Honiton. — The Parish of Honiton.

Plymouth. — From the North-eastern Boundary Stone in a straight Line to the nearest Point of the Line of the Embankment; thence, Southward, along the Line of the Embankment to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the old Borough; thence, Southward, along the Boundary of the old Borough to the Point first described.

Tavistock. — The Parish of Tavistock, except the Manor of Cudliptown.

Totnes. — The Parish of Totnes, and the Manor of Bridgetown.

10 — COUNTY OF DORSET.

Bridport. — From the Toll Bar on the Exeter Road in a straight Line to the Northern Extremity of the Fence which separates the Field called u Marland Five Acres" from the Field called " Higher Girtups and Dogholesthence along the Western Fence of the Field Higher Girtups and Dogholes to the Point at which the same reaches a Lane leading into Mead Lane; thence along the said Lane leading into Mead Lane to the Point at which the same reaches Mead Lane; thence along Mead Lane to the Point at which the same joins the Chard Road; thence, Northward, along the Chard Road to the Point at which the same is joined by the first Lane on the Right, called " Green Lanethence in a straight Line to Allington Mill; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which Coneygere Lane joins the Pymore Road; thence along Coneygere Lane to the Point at which the same joins the Beaminster Road; thence in a straight Line to the Bridge over the River Asher close by the Flood

Houses;

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 64.

341

Houses; thence along the River Asher to the Point at which the same would be cut by a straight Line to be drawn from the Eastern Extremity of Coneygere Lane to the Turnpike Gate on the Dorchester Road; thence along the said straight Line to the Turnpike Gate on the Dorchester Road; thence, Southward, along the Dorchester Road to the Point at which the same is joined by Bothenhampton Lane; thence along Bothenhampton Lane to the Point at which the same is met by the Stream which forms the Boundary between the respective Parishes of Walditch and Bothenhampton; thence along the said Stream to the Point at which the same falls into the River Asher; thence down the River Asher (following the Easternmost Branch thereof at the Points at which the same divides into Two Branches) to Squibs Bridge; thence in a straight Line to the South-eastern Corner of Keemy Cottage on the Bothenhampton Road; thence in a straight Line to the Eastern Extremity of Wonderwell Lane; thence, Westward, along Wonderwell Lane to the Point at which the same joins the Burton Brad-stock Road; thence, Southward, along the Burton Bradstock Road to Wich Gate; thence in a straight Line through the Bombardier's House to the Sea Coast; thence along the Sea Coast to the Eastern Extremity of West Cliff; thence, Northward, along West Cliff, and along the Western Boundary of the Ship Yard of Messieurs Matthews and Company, to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Field called " Pitfield Marsh;" thence, Northward, along the Boundary of Pitfield Marsh to the Point at which the same meets the River Brit at Ire Pool; thence up the River Brit to the Point at which the same is joined by the Stream which forms the Boundary between the respective Parishes of Symondsbury and Allington; thence along the last-mentioned Stream to the Point at which the same meets the Fence which runs down thereto from the Toll Bar at the Exeter Road; thence along the last-mentioned Fence to the Toll Bar on the Exeter Road.

Dorchester. — From the second or middle Bridge on the Sherborne Road, along the Northern Branch of the River Frome, passing under Grey's Bridge, to the Point at which such Northern Branch is met, near Stanton's Cloth Factory, by the Boundary of the Parish of Fordington; thence, Southward, along the Boundary of the Parish of Fordington to the Point at which the same meets the Wareham Road; thence, Westward, along the Wareham Road to the Turnpike Gate; thence in a straight Line to the Centre of the Barrow called " Two Barrows;" thence in a straight Line to the Centre of the Amphitheatre called Maumbury Ring; thence in a straight Line to the Centre of the Barrow called Lawrence Barrow, near the Exeter Road; thence in a straight Line to the South-western Corner of the Barrack Wall; thence, Northward, along the Barrack Wall and Palisade to the Point at which such Palisade meets the Southern Branch of the River Frome; thence in a straight Line to the second or middle Bridge on the Sherborne Road.

342

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 64.

A.D. 1832.

Lyme Regis. — The respective Parishes of Lyme Regis and Charmouth.

Poole. — The County of the Town of Poole, the Parish of Hamworthy, and the respective Tithings of Parkstone and Longfleet.

Shaftesbury. — The old Borough of Shaftesbury; the several Out-Parishes of Holy Trinity, St. James, and St. Peter; the several Parishes of Cann, St. Rombald, Motcomb, East Stower, Stower Provost, Todbere, Melbury Abbas, Compton Abbas, Dowhead St. Mary, and St. Margarets Marsh; and the Chapelry of Hartgrove.

Wareham. — The old Borough of Wareham; the Parishes of Corfe Castle and Bere Regis; the several Out Parishes of Lady Saint Mary, Holy Trinity, and Saint Martin; and the Chapelry of Arne; that Part of the Parish of East Stoke which adjoins the Eastern Boundary of the old Borough of Wareham; and also such Part of the Parish of East Morden as is comprised within the following Boundary; (that is to say,)

From the Point at which the Boundary of the Parish of East Morden meets the Southern Boundary of Morden Park Wood, Southward, along the Boundary of Morden Park Wood, to the Point at which the same meets the Sherford Lake; thence, Eastward, along the Sherford Lake to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Parish of East Morden; thence, Southward, along the Boundary of the Parish of East Morden to the Point first described.

Weymouth and Melcombe Regis. — From the old Sluice on the Wareham Road in a straight Line to the Point at which the Northern Wall of the old Barrack Field meets the Dorchester Road; thence along the said Northern Wall, and in a Line in the Direction thereof, to the Point at which such Line meets the Boundary of the old Borough; thence, Northward, along the Boundary of the old Borough, to the Point at which the same meets the Upper Wyke Road; thence, Westward, along the Upper Wyke Road to the Point at which the same is joined by a Cross Road leading to the Lower Wyke Road, otherwise called Buxton's Lane; thence along the said Cross Road to the Point at which the same joins the said Lower Wyke Road; thence along the said Lower Wyke Road to the Point at which the same joins the Sandsfoot Castle Road; thence, Northward, along the Sandsfoot Castle Road to the Point at which the same is met by the Footpath leading by Lovel's Farm to Bincleves; thence along the said Footpath to the Point at which the same reaches the Edge of the Cliff at Bincleves; thence along the Sea Coast to the old Sluice aforesaid.

11. — COUNTY OF DURHAM.

Northern Division.

Durham. — From Shincliffe Bridge over the River Wear, on the Stockton Road, along the Stockton Road, to the Point at which the same is met by a Lane leading into the Darlington

Road;

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 64.

343

Road; thence along the said Lane to the Point at which the same joins the Darlington Road; thence along the Darlington Road to the Point at which the same is met by Potter's Lane; thence along Potter's Lane to the Point at which the same meets Quarry Head Lane; thence along Quarry Head Lane to the Point at which the same meets Margery Lane; thence along Margery Lane to the Point at which the same meets Flass Lane; thence along Flass Lane to the Point at which the same meets a Lane leading into the newly cut Turnpike Road which forms the Commencement of the Newcastle Road; thence along the last-mentioned Lane to the Point at which the same joins the said newly cut Road; thence, Northward, along the said newly cut Road to the Point at which the same joins the old Line of the Newcastle Road; thence in a straight Line through the Northernmost of the Two Outbuildings attached to Kepier's Hospital to the River Wear; thence along the River Wear to the Point at which the same meets Kepier Lane; thence along Kepier Lane, passing under the old Arches of the Hospital, to the Point at which the same Lane is joined, on the South-west of High Grange Farm, by a Lane leading into the Loaning Head Road; thence along the last-mentioned Lane, crossing the Sunderland Road, to the Point at which the same Lane joins the Loaning Head Road; thence along the Loaning Head Road to the Point at which the same is met by a Beck running close to the North of Pellaw Wood and to the South of Gilesgate Church; thence along the said Beck to the Point at which the same falls into the River Wear; thence along the River Wear to Shincliffe Bridge.

Gateshead. — The Parish of Gateshead, and also all such Part of the Chapelry of Heworth in the Parish of Jarrow as is situated to the West of a straight Line to be drawn from Kirton Toll Gate House to Blue Quarry Mill, and prolonged each Way to the Boundary of the Parish of Gateshead.

South Shields. — The respective Townships of South Shields and Westoe.

Sunderland. — The Parish of Sunderland, and the several Townships of Bishop Wearmouth, Bishop Wearmouth Panns, Monk Wearmouth, Monk We^rmoutRShore, and Southwick.

12. — COUNTY OF ESSEX.

Northern Division.

Colchester — The old Borough of Colchester.

Harwich. — The old Borough of Harwich.

Southern Division.

Maldon. — The old Borough of Maldon, and the Parish of Heybridge.

13 — COUNTY OF GLOUCESTER.

Eastern Division.

Cheltenham. — The Parish of Cheltenham.

Cirencester. — The Parish of Cirencester.

Z 4?

344

C. 64.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Gloucester. — From the old City Boundary Stone on the Western Side of the Lane called Castle Lane, leading from Westgate Street to the County Gaol, Northward, along the old City Boundary to the Boundary Stone, South of the London Road, which marks the Easternmost Point of the old City Boundary; thence in a straight Line through the Eastern Corner of the Mill upon the River Twiver, between the old City Boundary and the Tramroad from the Gloucester and Berkeley Canal to Cheltenham, to the said Tramroad; thence along the said Tramroad to the Point at which the same is met by Barton Lane; thence along Barton Lane to the Point at which the same crosses the Sud Brook; thence along the Sud Brook to the Point at which the same falls into the Gloucester and Berkeley Canal; thence along the Gloucester and Berkeley Canal to the Point at which the same is met by the old City Boundary; thence. Westward, along the old City Boundary to the Point first described.

Stroud. — The several Parishes of Stroud, Bisley, Painswick, Pitchcomb, Randwick, Stonehouse, Leonard Stanley, Kings Stanley, Rodborough, Minchinhampton, Woodchester, Ave-ning, and Horsley, except that Part of the Parish of Leonard Stanley which is called Lorridge's Farm, and is surrounded by the Parish of Berkley.

Tewkesbury. — The Parish of Tewkesbury.

14. — COUNTY OF HANTS.

Northern Division.

Andover. — The respective Parishes of Andover and Knights Enham, and the Tithing of Foxcot.

Petersfield. — The old Borough of Petersfield, and the Tithing of Sheet; the several Parishes of Buriton, Lyss, and Frox- field; the several Tithings of Ramsden, Langrish, and Oxenbourn, in the Parish of East Meon; and also the Parish of Steep, except the respective Tithings of North and South Ambersham.

Winchester. — From St. WinnaTs Church in a straight Line to the Cottage on the new Alresford Road which is Northwest of the White House on St. Giles's Hill; thence in a straight Line to the Turnpike Gate at Barr End; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Gosport Road joins the Southampton Road; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which an Angle is- made in the Northern Bank of the Lane leading from St. Cross to Compton Down, perpendicularly above the deep Hollow in the said Lane; thence in a straight Line to the Cock Lane Turnpike Gate; thence in a straight Line to the Three Horse Shoes Public House on the Week Road; thence in a straight Line to the House on the Andover Road which is immediately North-west of the Point at which the Boundary of the City of Winchester crosses the same Road; thence in a straight Line to the South-eastern Corner of the Fir Plantation on the Western Side of the Basingstoke Road; thence in a straight Line to St. Winnal's Church.

14

A.D. 1832. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. c. 64 *

Southern Division.

Christchurch. — The Parish of Christchurch, and the Chapelry of Holdenhurst, except such Part of the Tithing of Hum in the Parish of Christchurch as is situated to the North of the following Boundary; (that is to say,)

From the Point at which the Western Boundary of the Parish of Christchurch crosses the Road from Dudsbury to Hum Bridge, in a straight Line to the South-western Corner of Merritown Common; thence along the Southern Boundary of Merritown Common and of Hum Common to the Point at which the Southern Boundary of Hum Common reaches the Moor's River; thence in a straight Line to the Southern Boundary Post of the Parish of Christchurch on the Ring-wood Road, close by Fillybrook Plantation.

Lymington. — The Parish of Lymington, and also such Part of the Parish of Boldre as is comprised within the following Boundary; (that is to say,)

From East-end Bridge, on the Eastern Boundary of the Parish of Boldre, in a straight Line through Boldre Church to the Western Bank of Lymington River; thence, Southward, along the Western Bank of Lymington River to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Parish of Boldre; thence, Southward, along the Boundary of the Parish of Boldre to East-end Bridge aforesaid.

Portsmouth. — The old Borough of Portsmouth, and the Parish of Portsea.

Southampton. — The Town and County of the Town of Southampton.

15. — COUNTY OF HEREFORD.

Hereford. — The whole Space contained within the Boundary of the Liberties of the City of Hereford, including Castle Green.

Leominster. — The Parish of Leominster.

16___COUNTY OF HERTFORD.

St. Albans. — From the Turnpike Gate on the London Road East of Saint Albans, called Saint Albans Gate, in a straight Line to the Point at which the Boundary of the old Borough crosses the River at the Bottom of the Cotton Mill Lane; thence, Southward, along the Boundary of the old Borough to the Point at which the Western Boundary of the Parish of St. Alban leaves the River; thence in a straight Line, through the South-eastern Corner of St. Michaels Churchyard, to the Hempstead Road; thence, Northward, along the Hempstead Road to the Point at which the same meets the Road leading to Gorehambury, formerly the Redbourn Road; thence in a straight Line to the Western Extremity of the Tongue of Land in the River just above Kingsbury Fishpond; thence in a straight Line to the Side Bar belonging to Kingsbury Turnpike Gate, by the Side of the new Redbourn Road; thence, Eastward, in a straight Line to the Point at^which the Boundary

of

345

346

C. 64.

2 & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

of the old Borough meets Luton Lane; thence, Eastward, along the Boundary of the old Borough to the Point at which the same crosses Sweetbriar Lane; thence in a straight Line to St. Alban's Turnpike Gate aforesaid.

Hertford. — From the Corporation Post at the Bottom of Port Hill, along the Bengeo Road to the Point at which the same is cut by the Northern Fence of Port Hill Field; thence along the Northern and Western Fences of Port Hill Field to the Point at which such Western Fence cuts the Mole Wood Mill Road; thence in a straight Line through Sele Farm Bridge to the Stevenage Road; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Hertingfordbury Road is crossed by the Boundary of the Out- Borough of Hertford; thence, Southward, along the Boundary of the Out- Borough of Hertford to the Corporation Post at the Bottom of Port Hill.

17. — COUNTY OF HUNTINGDON.

Huntingdon. — The old Borough of Huntingdon, and the Parish of Godmanchester.

18. — COUNTY OF KENT.

Eastern Division.

Canterbury. — From the Westernmost Point, near St. Jacob's, at which the Boundary of the City Liberties meets the Ashford Road, in a straight Line to the Point at which the respective Boundaries of the Parishes of Harbledown, St. Dunstan, and Holy Cross Westgate meet; thence, Northward, along the Eastern Boundary of the Parish of Harbledown to the Point at which the same turns Northwestward near the Whitstable Road; thence in a straight Line, in the Direction of St. Stephens Church, to the Point at which such straight Line cuts the Boundary of the Parish of St. Stephen; thence, Eastward, along the Boundary of the Parish of St. Stephen to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Parish of Holy Cross West-gate; thence in a straight Line, through the Point at which the Road to St. Stephen's Church meets the Road to Sturry, to the nearest Branch of the River Stour; thence along the said Branch of the River Stour to the Corporation Stone, Number 5; thence, Eastward, along the Boundary of the City Liberties, including the whole of the Borough of Long-port, to the Point first described.

Dovor. — From the Jetty, along the Boundary of the Liberties of the Town and Port of Dovor, on the Eastern Side of the Castle, and through the Parish of Charlton, to the Boundary Stone at which the Boundary of the said Liberties meets the Boundary of the Parish of Buckland in Back Lane; thence along Back Lane to the Point at which the same meets the Road leading down to Crabbe Turnpike Gate on the London Road; thence in a straight Line, in a westerly Direction, to the Point at which the Boundary of the Parish of Buckland crosses the London Road; thence along the Boundary of the Parish of Buckland to the Point at which the

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 64 *

347

the same crosses the River; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Boundary of the Parish of Buckland meets the Road leading to Combe Farm; thence along the Boundary of the Parish of Buckland to the Point at which the Boundary of the Parish of Hougham is intersected by the Boundary of the Liberties aforesaid; thence along the Boundary of the said Liberties to the Sea Coast; thence along the Sea Coast to the Jetty.

Hythe. — The old Borough of Hythe; the Liberties of the Town of Folkstone; and the several Parishes of West Hythe, Salt-wood, Cheriton, Folkstone, and Newington, except that detached Part of the Parish of Newington called Marwood Land.

Sandwich. — The several Parishes of St. Mary, St. Peter, and St. Clement; and the Extra-parochial Precinct of St. Bartholomew, Sandwich; the Parish of Deal; and the Parish of Walmer.

Western Division.

Chatham. — From the Easternmost Point at which the Boundary of the City of Rochester meets the Right Bank of the River Medway, Southward, along the Boundary of the City of Rochester to the Boundary Stone of the said City marked 5; thence in a straight Line to the Windmill in the Parish of Chatham on the Top of Chatham Hill; thence in a straight Line to the Oil Windmill in the Parish of Gillingham, between the Village of Gillingham and the Fortifications; thence in a straight Line through Gillingham Fort to the Right Bank of the River Medway; thence along the Right Bank of the River Medway to the Point first described.

Greenwich. — From the Point at which the Royal Arsenal Canal at Woolwich joins the River Thames, along the said Canal to the Southern Extremity thereof; thence in a straight Line to the South-western Corner of the Ordnance Storekeeper's House; thence in a straight Line, in the Direction of a Stile in the Footpath from Woolwich to Plumstead Common, over Sand Hill, to the Boundary of the Parish of Woolwich; thence, Southward, along the Boundary of the Parish of Woolwich to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Parish of Charlton; thence, Westward, along the Boundary of the Parish of Charlton to the Point at which the same turns Southward near the Dovor Road; thence along the Dovor Road to the nearest Point of the Boundary of the Parish of Greenwich; thence. Westward, along the Boundary of the Parish of Greenwich to the Point at which the same turns abruptly to the South, close by the Dovor Road; thence in a straight Line, in a westerly Direction, to the nearest Point of the Boundary of the Parish of Greenwich; thence, Westward, along the Boundary of the Parish of Greenwich to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Parish of Saint Paul Deptford; thence, Southward, along the Boundary of the Parish of Saint Paul Deptford to the Point at which the same meets the River Thames; thence along the River Thames to the Point first described.

348

C. 64.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Maidstone. — The old Borough of Maidstone.

Rochester. — The whole Space comprised within the Boundaries of the Liberties of the old City of Rochester, and also such Parts of the respective Parishes of Strood and Frindsbury as are situated between the Left Bank of the River Medway and the Boundary hereafter described; (that is to say,) From the Entrance from the River Medway of the Thames and Medway Canal, along a Footpath which leads up the Hill towards Upnor, to the Point (on the Top of the Hill) at which the same is met by a Road or Path leading towards Frindsbury Church; thence along such Road or Path to the Point at which the same joins Parsonage Lane; thence along Parsonage Lane to the Point at which the same joins the Road from Frindsbury to Hoo; thence in a straight Line to the Northernmost Angle of the Boundary of the Parish of Strood; thence, Westward, along the Boundary of the Parish of Strood to the Point at which the same meets the London Road; thence towards Rochester along the London Road to the Point at which the san 1

which the Left Bank of tl

a straight Line to be drawn from the Point last described to Fort Clarence.

Blackburn. — The Township of Blackburn.

Clithbroe. — The respective Chapelries of Downham and Clithe-roe; and the Four Townships of Whalley, Wiswall, Pendleton, and Henshorn, and Little Mitton and Colcoats.

Lancaster. — From the Point on the River Lune at which the respective Boundaries of the Townships of Lancaster, Sker-ton, and Heaton-with-Oxcliffe meet, Westward, along the Boundary of the Township of Lancaster to the Point at which the respective Boundaries of the Townships of Lancaster, Bulk, and Quernmore meet; thence in a straight Line to the Aqueduct Bridge over the Caton Road; thence, Northward, along the Canal from Preston to Kendal to the Fourth Bridge over the same from the Aqueduct; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which Bracken Lane meets Scale Lane; thence along Scale Lane to the Point at which the same reaches the River Lune; thence along the River Luiie to the Point first described.

Preston. — The old Borough of Preston, and the Township of Fishwick.

Ashton-under-Lyne. — The whole Space over which the Provisions of an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, and intituled " An Act for lighting, cleansing, watching, and " otherwise improving the Town of Ashton-under-Lyne in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for regulating the " Police thereof," at present extend.

Three Crouches; thence

19. — COUNTY OF LANCASTER.

Northern Division.

Southern Division.

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 64.

349

Bolton Le Moors. — The several Townships of Great Bolton, Little Bolton, and Haulgh, except that detached Part of the Township of Little Bolton which is situate to the North of the Town of Bolton.

Bury. — From the Point in the Hamlet of Starling at which a Boundary Stone marks the Boundary of the respective Townships of Elton and Ainsworth, along the Lane from Starling to Walshaw Lane, to the Point in the Hamlet of Walshaw Lane at which a Boundary Stone marks the Boundary of the respective Townships of Elton and Tottington Lower End; thence, Eastward, along the Boundary of the Township of Elton to the Point at which the same meets the Woodill Brook; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Pigs Lea Brook falls into the River Irwell; thence, Eastward, along the Boundary of the Township of Bury to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Township of Elton; thence, Westward, along the Boundary of the Township of Elton to the Point first described.

Liverpool. — From the Western Extremity of Dingle Lane, on the South of the Town, along Dingle Lane, to the Point at which the same meets Ullet Lane; thence along Ullet Lane to the Point at which the same meets Lodge Lane; thence along Lodge Lane to the Point at which the same meets Smithdown Lane; thence along Smithdown Lane to the Point at which the same is met by the Boundary of the Township of Wavertree; thence, Northward, along the Boundary of the Township of Wavertree to that Point thereof which is nearest to the South-eastern Corner of the Wall of the new Botanic Gardens; thence in a straight Line to the said South-eastern Corner; thence along the Eastern Wall of the new Botanic Gardens to the Point at which such Wall reaches Edge Lane; thence, Eastward, along Edge Lane to a Point Seventy-four Yards distant from the Point last described; thence in a Line parallel to the new Street called Grove Street to the Point at which such parallel Line reaches the London Road; thence along the London Road to the Point at which the same is joined by Deane Street; thence in a straight Line to the Boundary Stone in Rake Lane, near the Southern Extremity of Whitefield Lane; thence, Northward, along the Boundary of the Township of Everton to the Point at which the same joins the Boundary of the Township of Kirkdale; thence, Northward, along the Boundary of the Township of Kirkdale to the Point at which the same reaches the High-water Mark of the River Mersey; thence along the High-water Mark of the River Mersey to that Point thereof which is nearest to the Point first described; thence in a straight Line to the Point first described.

Manchester. — The several Townships of Manchester, Chorlton Row otherwise Chorlton-upon-Medlock, Ardwick, Beswick, Hulme, Cheetham, Bradford, Newton, and Harpur Hey.

Oldham. — The several Townships of Oldham, Chadderton, Crompton, and Royton.

Rochdale. — The Space defined in the 101st Section of an Act passed

350

C. 64.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832

passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, and intituled " An Act for lighting," cleansing, watching, and regulating the Town of Rochdale " in the County Palatine of Lancaster."

Salford. — From the Northernmost Point at which the Boundary of the Township of Salford meets the Boundary of the Township of Broughton, Northward, along the Boundary of the Township of Broughton, to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Township of Pendleton; thence, Westward, along the Boundary of the Township of Pendleton to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the detached Portion of the Township of Pendlebury; thence, Southward, along the Boundary of the detached Portion of the Township of Pendlebury to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Township of Salford; thence, Westward, along the Boundary of the Township of Salford to the Point first described, Warrington. — The respective Townships of Warrington and Latchford; and also those Two detached Portions of the Township of Thelwall which lie between the Boundary of the Township of Latchford and the River Mersey.

Wigan. — The Township of Wigan.

20 — COUNTY OF LEICESTER.

Southern Division.

Leicester. — The old Borough of Leicester, and the Space over which the Magistrates of the old Borough of Leicester at present exercise a Jurisdiction concurrently with the Magistrates of the County of Leicester, including the Castle View.

21. — COUNTY OF LINCOLN.

Parts of Lindsey.

Lincoln. — The old City of Lincoln, the Bail and Close, and a certain Common, belonging to the Freemen of Lincoln, called Canwick Common, together with all Extra-parochial Places, if any, which are surrounded by the old City of Lincoln, the Bail and Close, and the said Common, or any or either of them, or by the Boundaries or Boundary of any or either of them.

Great Grimsby. — The several Parishes of Great Grimsby, Great Coates, Little Coates, Bradley, Laceby, Waltham, Scartho, Clee, Weelsby, and Cleethorpes.

Parts of Kesteven and Holland,

Boston. — The old Borough of Boston, the Parish of Skirbeck, and the Hamlet of Skirbeck Quarter, including the Fen Allotment of the Hamlet of Skirbeck Quarter, but not the Fen Allotment of the Parish of Skirbeck.

Grantham. — The Parish of Grantham, (including the several Townships of Spittlegate, Manthorpe with Little Gonerby, and Harrowby,) and that Part of the Parish of Somerby which is contained between the Boundary of the Parish of Grantham and High Dyke.

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV,

C. 64 *

351

Stamford. — The old Borough of Stamford, and such Part of the Parish of St. Martin Stamford Baron as lies between the Boundary of the old Borough and the following Boundary; (that is to say,)

From the Westernmost Point at which the Boundary of the Parish of Saint Martin meets the Boundary of the old Borough, Southward, along the Boundary of the Parish of Saint Martin, to the Northernmost Point at which the same meets the Woothorpe Road; thence in a straight Line to the Southern Tower, on the London Road, of the Gateway to Burghley House; thence, Northward, along the Wall of Burghley Park to the Point at which the same meets an Occupation Road called the " New Road," which runs from the Barnack and Pilsgate Road to the River Welland; thence along the said Occupation Road, and in a Line in continuation of the Direction thereof, to the Point at which such Line cuts the Boundary of the old Borough.

22. — COUNTY OF MIDDLESEX.

Finsbury. — The several Parishes of Saint Luke, Saint George the Martyr, Saint Giles-in-the-Fields, Saint George Bloomsbury, Saint Mary Stoke Newington, and St. Mary Islington; the several Liberties or Places of Saffron Hill, Hatton Garden, Ely Rents, Ely Place, the Rolls, Glass House Yard, and the Charter House; Lincolns Inn and Grays Inn; the Parish of St. James and St. John Clerkenwell, except that Part thereof which is situate to the North of the Parish of Islington; those Parts of the respective Parishes of Saint Sepulchre and Saint Andrew Holborn and of Furnivals Inn and Staple Inn respectively, which are situated without the Liberty of the City of London.

London. — The whole Space contained within the exterior Boundaries of the Liberties of the City of London, including the Inner Temple and the Middle Temple.

Marylebone. — The several Parishes of Saint Mary le bone, Saint Pancras, and Paddington.

Tower Hamlets. — The several Divisions of the Liberty of the Tower, and the Tower Division of Ossulston Hundred.

Westminster. — The old City and Liberties of Westminster, and the Duchy Liberty.

23. — COUNTY OF MONMOUTH.

Monmouth District.

Monmouth. — The Parish of Monmouth, and all such Parts of the old Borough of Monmouth as lie without the Parish of Monmouth.

Newport. — From the Point, on the South of the Town, at which the Mendle Gief Road is joined by a Husbandry Road leading to Hundred Acres Gout, along the Mendle Gief Road, to the Point at which the same meets the Cardiff Road; thence, Westward, along the Cardiff Road to the Point at which the same meets the Streamlet from Cwrty-bella Well;

thence

352

C. 64.

g° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

thence along the said Streamlet to the Pool on the Western Side of Friar's Garden Wall; thence along the Watercourse up from the said Pool to another Pool on the Western Side of Bull Field; thence along the Western Fence of Bull Field to the Point at which the same Fence cuts the Hoad from Stow to Risca; thence, Westward, along the Road from Stow to Risca to the Point at which the same is cut by the Fence which runs Northward from the East End of the Cottages belonging to John Ricketts; thence along the last-mentioned Fence to the North-western Corner of the Field of which it is the Western Boundary; thence. Eastward, along the Northern Fence of the last-mentioned Field to the Point at which the same is intersected by the Fence of the adjoining Field; thence, Northward, along the last-mentioned Fence to a Well Head; thence along the Stream leading therefrom to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the old Borough; thence, Northward, along the Boundary of the old Borough to the Point at which the same meets the River Usk at the Mouth of Cridan Pill; thence along the River Usk to the Point at which the same is joined by a Pill opposite the Castle; thence along the said Pill to the Gout; thence along the Watercourse, in a Direction nearly due East, to the Point at which the same meets the new Road to Caer-leon; thence along the new Road to Caerleon to the Point at which the same joins the old Road to Christchurch; thence along the New Reen to the Point at which the same meets Liswerry Pill; thence along Liswerry Pill to the Point at which the same joins the River Usk; thence along the River Usk to the Point at which the same is joined by Hundred Acres Gout; thence along Hundred Acres Gout to the Point at which the same is met by the said Husbandry Road leading thereto from the Mendle Gief Road; thence along the said Husbandry Road to the Point first described.

Usk. — From the Bridge on the North of the Town, called " Cwm-cayo Bridge/' along the Brook over which the said Bridge is built, to the Point at which the same falls into the River Usk; thence down the River Usk, and along the Boundary of the old Borough, to the Point at which the same cuts the Mill Stream; thence in a straight Line to the Farm House of Little Castle Farm; thence along the Eastern Side of the Fence of the Farmyard of Little Castle Farm to the North-eastern Corner of such Farmyard; thence in a straight Line to the Oak Tree in the Wood Hedge on the Summit of Lady Hill; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which Cwm-cayo Brook would be cut by a straight Line to be drawn from the Tree last described to Cwm-cavo Bridge; thence along Cwm-cayo Brook to Cwm-cayo Bridge.

24. — COUNTY OF NORFOLK.

Eastern Division.

Norwich. — The City and County of the City of Norwich, together with all such Extra-parochial Places as are contained within the

A.D. 1832. 2 & 3- GULIELMI IV. c. 64.

the outer Boundary of the City and County of the City of Norwich.

Great Yarmouth. — The old Borough of Great Yarmouth, and the Parish of Gorlestone.

Western Division.

Kings Lynn. — The old Borough of King's Lynn.

Thetford. — The old Borough of Thetford.

25. — COUNTY OF NORTHAMPTON.

Northern Division.

Peterborough. — The Parish of Saint John Baptist, Peterborough, together with the Extra-parochial District known by the Name of "The Minster Precincts."

Southern Division.

Northampton. — The old Borough of Northampton.

26 — COUNTY OF NORTHUMBERLAND.

Northern Division.

Berwick-upon-Tweed. — The Parish of Berwick, and the respective Townships of Tweedmouth and Spittal.

Morpeth. — The several Townships of Morpeth, Buller's Green, Newminster Abbey, Catchburn with Morpeth Castle and Stobhill, Hepscott, and Tramwell with High Church, and the Parish of Bedlington.

Southern Division.

Newcastle-upon-Tyne. — The Town and County of the Town of Newcastle, and the several Townships of Byker, Heaton, Jesmond, Westgate, and Elswick.

Tynemouth and North Shields. — The several Townships of Tynemouth, North Shields, Chirton, Preston, and Culler-coats.

27. — COUNTY OF NOTTINGHAM.

Northern Division.

Nottingham. — The County of the Town of Nottingham.

Southern Division.

Newark-upon-Trent. — The old Borough of Newark.

28. — COUNTY OF OXFORD.

Banbury. — The Parish of Banbury.

Oxford. — From the Tree on the East of the City called " Joe Pullen's Tree," in a straight Line to the Boundary Stone in the Lane called " Mrs. Knapp's Free Boardthence along the said Lane to the Western Extremity thereof; thence in a straight Line to the Centre of the Island situate at the Junction of the Stream called " Harson's Heat" with the River Charwell; thence, Westward, along the River Char-well to the Point at which the same joins the old City Boundary; thence, Westward, along the old City Boundary to the Point at which the River Charwell divides into Two Streams; thence along the Easternmost of such Two Streams 2&3 Gul.IV. A a to

353

354

C. 64 *

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

la King's Mil); thence in a straight Line to the Easternmost Part of King's Mill; thence in a straight Line to " Joe Pullens Tree."

New Woodstock. — The old Borough of New Woodstock; the several Parishes of Bladon, Begbrook, Shipton-on-Cherwell, Hampton Gay, Tackley, Wootton, Stonesfield, Coorabe, and Handborough; the Parish of Kidlington, except the respec* tive Hamlets of Gosford and Water Eaton; the Hamlet of Old Woodstock and Blenheim Park.

29. — COUNTY OF SALOP.

Northern Division.

Shrewsbury. — From the Point at which the River Severn is joined by a Stream or Watercourse which flows by the Dog Kennel, and under Bow Bridge, along the said Stream or Watercourse to the Point at which the same reaches the Road leading from Old Heath into the Chester Road; thence along the said Road from Old Heath to the Point at which the same joins the Chester Road; thence along the Chester Road to the Point at which the same is met by a Watercourse which runs round the Corporation Gardens and Round Hill, and joins the River Severn near the House called "The Flash;" thence along the last-mentioned Watercourse to the Point at which the same reaches the old Bas-church Road; thence along the old Baschurch Road to the Point at which the same is met by a Footpath leading along the Wall of Flash House towards the River. Severn; thence along the said Footpath to the Point at which the same meets again the Iast-meationed Watercourse; thence along the last-mentioned Watercourse to the Point at which the same joins the River Severn; thence along the River Severn to the Point at which the same is met by the common Boundary of the respective Parishes of Saint Chad and Saint Julian; thence, Eastward, along the Boundary of the Parish of Saint Chad to the Point at which the same reaches a Lane or Road which leads from the Montgomery Road into Lands belonging to Mrs. Cartwright; thence along such Lane or Road to the Point at which the same joins the Montgomery Road; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Stream from the Conduit Head joins the Radbrook Stream; thence along the Radbrook Stream to the Point at which the same reaches Kingsland Lane; thence along Kingsland Lane to the Point at which the same joins the Bishop's Castle Road; thence along the Bishop's Castle Road to the Point at which the same is met by the Boundary of the Parish of Saint Julian; thence, Eastward, along the Boundary of the Parish of Saint Julian to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Parish of Holy Cross: thence. Eastward, along the Boundary of the Parish of Holy Cross to the Point first described.

Southern Division.

Bridgnorth. — The old Borough of Bridgenorth, and the several Parishes of Quatford, Oldbury, Tasley, and Astley Abbotts.

A.D. 1832.

2* & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 64.

355

Ludlow. — From the Point on the South of the Town at which Dirty Brook joins the River Teme, North-eastward, along the Boundary of the Township of Ludford to that Point thereof which is nearest to the South-western Corner of the Piece of Land called Rock Close; thence in a straight Line to the said South-western Cornet; thfence along the Western Fence of Rock Close to the Point at which the Same cuts the Road to the Sheet; thence towards Ludlow along the Road to the Sheet to the Point at which the same is joined by a Road leading by Gallows Bank into Rock Lane; thence along the last-mentioned Road to the Point at which the same reaches Rock Lane; thence along Rock Lane to the Point at which the same is joined by a Road to the Sandpits Turnpike; thence along the said Road to the Sandpits Turnpike to the Point at which the same is met by the Eastern Fence of the Garden of the Public House called the Cross Keys; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which Fishmore Brook would be cut by a straight Line to be drawn from the Point last described to Stanton Lacy House; thence along the Fishmore Brook to the Point at which the same joins the River Corve; thence up the River Corve to the Point at which the same meets the Fence which separates the Lands occupied by Mr. William Russell from the Lands occupied by Mr. Henry Lloyd; thence along the last-mentioned Fence to the Point at which the same meets the Shrewsbury Road; thence along the Fence which separates the Two Fields respectively called the Lease Piece and Pike Field to the Point at which such Fence meets the Burway Road; thence, Northward, along the Burway Road to the Point at which the same is met by the Fence which separates the Two Fields respectively called "The Marshes" and " The Ox Pasture;" thence along the last-mentioned Fence to the Point at which the same meets the River Teme; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Fence which divides the Lands of the Honorable Robert Henry Clive from Lands of the Corporation of Ludlow, in the Occupation of Mr. William Smith, meets the Prior Halton Road; thence towards Ludlow along the Prior Halton Road to the Point at which the same is met by the Fence which divides the Lands of the Corporation of Ludlow, occupied by the late Mr. Johnnes and Mr. George Anderson, from Lands of the said Corporation occupied by the late Mr. Anthony Jones and Mr. Robert Meyrick; thence along the last-mentioned Fence to the Point at which the same meets the Brick House Road; thence in a straight Line to the Eastern Corner of Whitecliff Coppice; thence, Southward, along the Northeastern Fence of Whitecliff Coppice to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Township of Ludford; thence, Southward, along the Boundary of the Township of Ludford to the Point first described.

Wenlock. — The old Borough of Wenlock.

356

C. 64.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

SO. — COUNTY OF SOMERSET.

Eastern Division.

Bath. — The old City of Bath, the respective Parishes of Bath-wick and Lyncomb and Wyncomb, and also that Part of the Parish of Walcot which lies without the old City of Bath and adjoins the Boundary of the old City of Bath.

Bristol. — From the Point on the North-east of the City at which the Eastern Boundary of the Out-Parish of St. Paul meets the North-western Boundary of the Out-Parish of St. Philip and Jacob, Eastward, along the Boundary of the Parish of St. Philip and Jacob to that Point thereof which is nearest to the Point at which the Wells Road leaves the Bath Road; thence in a straight Line to the said Point at which the Wells Road leaves the Bath Road; thence along the Wells Road to the Knowle Turnpike Gate; thence along the Road which leads from the Knowle Turnpike Gate to Bedminster Church to the Point at which the same is crossed by Bedminster Brook; thence along Bedminster Brook to the Point at which the same crosses the Road from Locks Mill to Bedminster; thence along the last-mentioned Road, passing the Southern Extremity of the Village of Bedminster, to the Point at which the same meets the Brook at Marsh Pit; thence along the last-mentioned Brook to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Parish of Clifton; thence, Northward, along the Boundary of the Parish of Clifton to the Boundary Stone marked (C.P) and (W P) 12) , marking the North-eastern Angle of the Boundary of the Parish of Clifton, and situate on Durdham Down, East of the Shirehampton Road; thence in a straight Line to the Southernmost Point at which the Boundary of the Tithing of Stoke Bishop meets Parry's Lane; thence, Eastward, along the Boundary of the Tithing of Stoke Bishop to the Point at which the same joins the Boundary of the Out-Parish of St. Paul; thence, Northward, along the Boundary of the Out-Parish of St. Paul to the Point first described.

Frome. — From Cottle's Oak Turnpike Gate, along Barton Lane, to the Point at which the same meets Green Lane; thence along Green Lane to the Point at which the same meets the Lane to Hellicar's Grave; thence along the Lane to Hellicar's Grave to the Southern Extremity thereof; thence in a straight Line through Plaguy House into Grove Lane; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Road from Tytherington is met by the Lane to Adderwell at a Place called the Mount; thence along the Lane to Adderwell to the Eastern Extremity thereof near Bellows Hole; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which Frome River would be cut by a straight Line to be drawn from the Point last described to the House called " Mrs. Whites " or " South-field Farm House;" thence, Northward, along Frome River to the Point at which the same is joined by Rodden Lake Streamlet; thence along Rodden Lake Streamlet to Rodden Bridge at the End of Rodden Lane; thence along Rodden

Lan

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 64.

357

Lane to the Point called Clink Crosswa)'s; thence in a straight Line to the Twelfth Mile Stone on the Bath Road; thence in a straight Line to the North-eastern Corner of Mr. Shepherds Garden Wall; thence in a straight Line, through the House of Thomas Ball and Mrs. Slade, to Frome River; thence along Frome River to the Northernmost Part of the Buildings of the Dye House, late the Property of Samuel Button; thence in a straight Line to the Centre of Kissing Batch Pound; thence in a straight Line to Cottle's Oak Turnpike Gate.

Wells.- From the Point on the North-east of the City at which the old City Boundary meets Back Lane, along Back Lane to the Point at which the same joins the Bath Road; thence in a straight Line across the Bath Road to the Northern Extremity of Drang Lane; thence along Drang Lane, and along the Footpath across Drang Meadow, to the Point at which such Footpath joins the Road which leads to the Turnpike on the Shepton Mallett Road; thence, Westward, along the Road so joined to the next City Boundary Stone; thence, Southward, along the old City Boundary to the Point first described.

Western Division.

Bridgewater. — From the Easternmost Point at which the Boundary of Three Elm Field meets the River Parrett, Westward* along the Boundary of Three Elm Field to the Point at which the same meets Reed Moor Pill; thence, Westward, along Reed Moor Pill to the Point at which the same reaches the Southern Boundary of the Two Fields respectively called the Pasture Ground; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Boundary of the Parish of Wembdon would be cut by a straight Line to be drawn from the Point last described to the Spire of Bridgewater Church; thence. Southward, along the Boundary of the Parish of Wembdon to the Point at which the same meets the Cannington Road; thence, Westward, along the Cannington Road to the Point at which the same is met by the Boundary of the Field called Six Acres; thence, Westward, along the Boundary of the Field called Six Acres to the Point at which the same meets, near the Horse and Jockey Inn, the Road from West Street; thence, Westward, along the said Road from West Street to the Point at which the same is met by the Western Boundary of Matthew's Field; thence along the Western Boundary of Matthew's Field to the Point at which the same meets the Town Mill Leat; thence along the Town Mill Leat to the Point at which the same reaches the Southeastern Corner of Matthews Field; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which Hamp Brook meets Hamp Lane; thence along Hamp Lane to the Point at which the same joins West Road; thence along West Road to the Point at which the same is joined by Row's Lane; thence along Row's Lane to the Point at which the same meets the Fence which incloses the Grounds of the House called " Hamp," belonging to John Chapman Esquire; thence, Southward, along the last-mentioned Fence to the Point at which the same meets a A a 3 Stream

35S

C. 64.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Stream at Barland Lane Bridge; thence along the said Stream to the Point at which the same falls into the River Parret at Barland Clize; thence, Westward, along the River Parrpt to the Point at which the same is joined by the Boundary of the Northernmost of the Two contiguous Fields respectively called Five Acres; thence, Eastward, along the Boundary of the last-mentioned Field to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Field called Four Acres; thence. Northward, along the Boundary of the Field called Four Acres to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of a Field called Five Acres; thence, Eastward, along the Boundary of the last-mentioned Field called Five Acres to the Point at which the same meets the Weston Zoyland Road; thence, Eastward, along the Weston Zoyland Road to the Point at which the same is met by an Occupation Road leading towards the North; thence along the said Occupation Road to the Northern Extremity thereof; thence along the Fence which is the Western Boundary of the Fields respectively called Ten Acres, Seven Acres, and Five Acres, formerly belonging to Alexander Poph^m Esquire, to the Point at which such Fence meets the Fence of a Field called The Hundred Acres; thence in a straight Line to the Southern Extremity, close by a Penfold, of the Fence which divides the Two Fields respectively called " Part of the Hundred Acres;" thence, Eastward, along the Boundary of the Easternmost of the Two last-mentioned Fields to the Point at which such Boundary meets the Bath Road; thence, Northward, along the Boundary of the Field called Small Croft to the Point at which the same meets the Bristol Road; thence, Westward, along the Boundaiyof Great Castle Field to the Point at which the same meets the River Parret; thence along the River Parret to the Point first described.

Taunton. — From the Point on the North-west of the Town at which Mill Lease Stream crosses Greenway Lane, along Greenway Lane to the Point at which the same joins the Kingston Road; thence along the Kingston Road to the Point at which the same is joined by the Cheddon Road; thence along the Cheddon Road to the Point at which the same is joined by Priors Wood Lane; thence along Priors Wood Lane to the Point at which the same is met by the Obridge Stream; thence along the Obridge Stream to the Point at which the same falls into the River Tone; thence, Southward, along the River Tone to the Point at which the same is met by Mill Lane; thence along Mill Lane to the Point at which the same joins the Bridgewater Road; thence along the Bridgewater Road to the Point at which the same is joined by Bath Pool Lane; thence in a straight Line to Stream Plat Bridge; thence along the Stream over which Stream Plat Bridge is built, through Hoi way Bridge, to the Point at which the same Stream meets the Boundary of the Parish of Wilton at Cuckoo Corner; thence, Westward, along the Boundary of the Parish of Wilton to the Point at which the same meets Sherford Stream; thence along Sher-ford Stream to the Point at which the same meets Sherford

Lane;

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 64.

359

Lane; thence along Sherford Lane to the Point at which the same joins the Honiton Road; thence along the Honiton Road to the Point at which the same is joined by Hoverland Lane; thence along Hoverland Lane to the Point at which the same meets Ganton Stream; thence along Ganton Stream to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Parish of Wilton; thence, Northward, along the Boundary of the Parish of Wilton to the Point at which the same meets the Bishops Hull Road; thence, Northward, along the Bishops Hull Road to the Point at which the same is joined by Long Run Lane; thence in a straight Line to the Turnpike House on the Staplegrove Road; thence along the Staplegrove Road to the Point at which the same is crossed by Mill Lease Stream; thence along Mill Lease Stream to the Point first described. '

31. — COUNTY OF STAFFORD.

Northern Division.

Newcastle-under-Lyme. — The old Borough of Newcastle-under* Lyme, and the Portion of the Parish of Stoke upon Trent which is surrounded partly by the Boundary of the old Borough of Newcastle-under-Lyme and partly by the Boundary of the Township of Knutton.

Stafford. — From the Point at which the Boundary of the old Borough is cut by a straight Line drawn from the Windmill near the Bridge on the Doxey Road to the Style at the Southern End of the Footpath from the Newport Road into the Penkridge Road, along the said straight Line to the Point at which the same meets the Penkridge Road; thence. Southward, along the Penkridge Road to the Point at which a Stream of Water running along the Eastern Side of that Road turns Eastward therefrom; thence along the said Stream to the Point at which the same meets Spittal Brook; thence along Spittal Brook to the Point at which the same meets the River Sow; thence along the River Sow to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the old Borough; thence, Northward, along the Boundary of the old Borough to the Point first described.

Stoke-upon-Trent. — The several Townships of Penkhull with Boothen, Tunstall, Burslem, Hanley, Shetion, Fenton Vivian, Lane End, Fenton Culvert, and Longton, the Vill of Rushton Grange, and the Hamlet of Sneyd.

Southern Division.

Lichfield. — The County of the City of Lichfield, and the Place called The Close, which is encompassed by the said County.

Tamworth. — The Parish of Tamworth.

Walsall. — The Parish of Walsall, except that detached Part thereof which is surrounded by the respective Parishes of Aldridge and Rushall, and the Chapelry of Pelshall.

Wolverhampton. — The several Townships of Wolverhampton, Bilston, Willenhall* and Wednesfield, and the Parish of Sedgeley.

300

C. 64.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

32. — COUNTY OF SUFFOLK.

Eastern Division.

Ipswich. — The old Borough of Ipswich.

Western Division.

Bury St. Edmunds — The old Borough of Bury St. Edmunds.

Eye. — The several Parishes of Eye, Hoxne, Denham, Redlingfield, Occold, Thorndon, Braisworth, Yaxley, Thrandiston, Broome, and Oakley.

Sudbury. — The old Borough of Sudbury, and the Township or Hamlet of Ballingdon cum Brunden; together with all or any Extra-parochial Places or Place surrounded by the Boundaries either of the old Borough of Sudbury or of the Township or Hamlet of Ballingdon cum Brunden.

33. — COUNTY OF SURREY.

Eastern Division.

Lambeth. — The Parish of Saint Mary Newington, the Parish of Saint Giles Camberwell, except the Manor and Hamlet of Dulwich, and also such Part of the Parish of Lambeth as is situate to the North of the Line herein-after described, including the Extra-parochial Space encompassed by such Part:

From the Point at which the Road from London to Dulwich by Red Post Hill leaves the Road from London over Herne Hill in a straight Line to Saint Matthews Church at Brixton; thence in a straight Line to a Point in the Boundary between the respective Parishes of Lambeth and Clapham One hundred and fifty Yards South of the Middle of the Carriageway along Acre Lane.

Reigate. — The Parish of Reigate,

Southwark. — The old Borough of Southwark, including the Mint and Manor of Suffolk; the several Parishes of Rother-hithe, Bermondsey, and Christ Church; and the Clink Liberty of the Parish of Saint Saviour.

Western Division.

Guildford. — From the Point on the North of the Town at which a Creek leading from Dapdune House joins the River W7ey, in a straight Line to the Point at which the Road called the New Road joins the Stoke Road; thence along the New Road to the Point at which the same joins the Kingston Road; thence along the Kingston Road to the Point at which the same joins Cross Lane; thence along Cross Lane to the Point at which the same joins the Epsom Road; thence in a straight Line to the Point in Chalky Lane at which the Boundary of Trinity Parish leaves the same; thence along the Southern Boundary of Trinity Parish to the Point at which such Boundary enters Gaol Lane; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the River Wey turns abruptly to the North at a Wharf close by the Horsham Road; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Path from

Guild-

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 64.

861

Guildford across Bury Fields abuts on the Portsmouth Road; thence in a straight Line to the South-western Corner of Cradle Field; thence along the Western Hedge of Cradle Field to the Point at which the same cuts the old Farnham Road; thence in a straight Line towards Worplesdon Semaphore to the Point at which such Line cuts the new Farnham Road; thence in a straight Line to the Point first described.

34. — COUNTY OF SUSSEX.

Eastern Division.

Brighthelmstone. — The respective Parishes of Brighthelm-. stone and Hove.

Hastings — The Town and Port of Hastings and its Liberties, including that detached Part of the Parish of Saint Leonard which lies near the Town of Winchelsea, and including also the Liberty of the Sluice, but excluding all such other Parts of the old Borough of Hastings as are detached from the main Body thereof.

Lewes. — From the Town Mill on the North-western Side of the Town in a straight Line to the Smock Windmill, which is the most southerly of the Two Windmills called "The Kingstone Millsthence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Boundary of the Parish of Southover crosses the Cockshut Stream; thence along the Cockshut Stream to the Point at which the same joins the River Ouse; thence along the River Ouse to the Point at which the same would be cut by a straight Line to be drawn from the Point last described to the Point on the Eastern Cliff known as the Scite of an old Windmill; thence in a straight Line to the said Point on the Eastern Cliff; thence in a straight Line to the Windmill called " Mailing Millthence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Stream which turns the Paper Mill falls into the River Ouse; thence in a straight Line to the Town Mill.

Rye. — The ancient Towns of Rye and Winchelsea, the several Parishes of Rye, Peasemarsh, Iden, Playden, Winchelsea, East Guildford, Icklesham, and Udimer, and also that Part of the Parish of Brede which lies between the Parishes of Udimer and Icklesham.

Western Division.

Arundel. — The Parish of Arundel.

Chichester. — From the Eastern Extremity of the Boundary of the old City Liberty at Saint James' Post, Northward, along the said Boundary to the Point at which the same meets the old Broill Road; thence in a straight Line to the Westernmost Point at which the Boundary of the Parish of Saint Peter the Great meets the Boundary of the Parish of Saint Bartholomew; thence, Southward, along the Boundary of the Parish of Saint Bartholomew to the Point at which the same crosses the new Road to Fishbourn; thence in a straight Line to the Turnpike Gate on the Stockbridge Road; thence in a straight Line to the Canal Bridge adjoining the Basin;

thence

362

C. 64.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

thence in a straight Line to the Southern Extremity of Snag Lane; thence in a straight Line to the Southern Extremity of Cherry Orchard Lane; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Rumboldsweek Road meets the Oving Road; thence in a straight Line to the Point first described.

Horsham. — The Parish of Horsham.

Midhurst. — The several Parishes of Midhurst, Easebourn, Hey-shot, Chithurst, Graffham, Didling, and Cocking; and the Tithing of South Ambersham in the Parish of Steep; that Part of the Parish of Bignor which is surrounded by the Parish of Easebourne; those Parts of the several Parishes of Wool Lavington, Bepton, and Woolbeding which adjoin the Parish of Midhurst; that Part of the Parish of Lynch which adjoins the said Part of the Parish of Bepton; and also that Part of the Parish of Lynch in which Woodmans Green is situate; all such Parts of the respective Parishes of Stedham and Iping as are not situated to the North of the Cross Road which runs from Woodmans Green, between North End Farm and Hobberts Farm, to Milland Marsh; the Parish of Trotton, except that Part thereof which lies to the North of the Cross Road from Vining Common to Home Hill and Cobed Hall called Lonebeech Lane; and all such Parts of the respective Parishes of Sellham and Lodsworth, and of the Tithing of North Ambersham. as are not situated to the North of the Brook which runs from Cooks Bridge on the London Road to Lickfold Bridge.

35. — COUNTY OF WARWICK.

Northern Division.

Birmingham. — The respective Parishes of Birmingham and Edgbaston, and the several Townships of Bordesley, Dud-deston and Nechels, and Deritend.

Coventry. — The City of Coventry and the Suburbs thereof.

Southern Division.

Warwick. — The old Borough of Warwick.

36. — COUNTY OF WESTMORLAND.

Kendal. — The respective Townships of Kendal and Kirkland, and all such Parts of the Township of Nether Graveship as adjoin the Township of Kendal.

37 — ISLE OF WIGHT.

Newport. — From the Point on the South of the Town at which the Footpath to Shide joins the Niton Road at Trattles Butt, in a straight Line to the House in the Parish of Carisbrooke which belongs to Joshua Spickernell, and is now in the Occupation of Mrs. Stanborough; thence in a straight Line across the Gatcombe Road to the House which belongs to James Barlow Hoy Esquire, and is now in the Occupation of James Dennett; thence in a straight Line in the Direction of West Mill to the Point at which such straight Line cuts

A, D, 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV,

C. 64.

363

the Lukeley or Caisbrook Stream; thence, Northward, along the Lukeley or Carisbrook Stream to the Point at which the same meets the boundary of the old Borough; thence, Northward, along the Boundary of the old Borough to Pan Bridge; thence in a straight Bine to the Point at which the Footpath to Shide meets Church Litton Lane; thence along the said Footpath to the Point first described.

38 — COUNTY OF WILTS,

Northern Division.

Calne. — The Parish of Caine, and also those Parts of the re-pec tive Parishes of Blackland and Calstone Willington which are surrounded by the Parish of Caine, including all such Farts, if any, of the old Borough of Caine as are without the Parish of Caine.

Chippenham. — The several Parishes of Chippenham, Harden-huish, and Langley Burrel, and the Extra-parochial Space called Pewisham.

Devizes. — The old Borough of Devizes, including the respective Parishes of St. John the Baptist and the Blessed Virgin Mary, and also so much of the Chapelry of St. James and of the Parish of Rowde as lies between the Boundary of the old Borough and the following Boundary; (that is to say,)

From the Point at which the Boundary of the Parish of St. John the Baptist would be cut by a straight Line to be drawn from the Dairy Farm House on the Chippenham Road called Ox House to the Round Tower of the new County Bridewell, in a straight Line to Qx House; thence in a straight Line to a House occupied by Mr. Mayo, called Brow Cottage; thence in a straight line to the Point at which the Towing Path of the Kennet Canal meets Dye House Lane; thence, Eastward, along the Kennet Canal to the Point at which the same turns Northward near London Bridge; thence in a straight Line drawn due East to a Point One hundred Yards distant; thence in a straight Line to Mr. Gundry's House on the Salisbury Road; thence in a straight Line to a House called Southgate, occupied by Mr. Slade; thence in a straight Line to the Southernmost Point at which Gallows Acre Lane is met by the Boundary of the Parish of St. John the Baptist.

Malmsbury. — The old Borough of Malmsbury, the respective Out-Parishes of St. Paul Malmsbury and St. Mary Westport, and the several Parishes of Brokenborough, Charlton, Gars-don, Lea, Great Somerford, Little Somerford, Foxley, and Bremhilham.

Marlborough. — The old Borough of Marlborough and the Parish of Preshute.

Southern Division.

Salisbury. — From the South-western Extremity of the Wall of the Poorhouse at Fisherton Anger, in a straight Line to a Point in the Wilton Road which is Three hundred and thirty Yards distant from the Point at which the Wilton

Road

364

C. 64.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Road joins the Devizes Road; thence in a straight Line to a Point in the Devizes Road which is Six hundred and forty Yards distant from the Point at which the Wilton Road joins the Devizes Road; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Stratford Road joins the Marlborough Road; thence in a straight Line to the Point called Whipping Cross Tree; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Road from Salisbury to Laverstock joins the Road from Salisbury to Clarendon; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Eastern Boundary of the City meets the River Avon; thence along the River Avon to the Point at which the same joins the River Nadder; thence along the River Nadder to the Point first described.

Westbury. — The Parish of Westbury.

Wilton. — The several Parishes of Wilton, Fugglestone, Strat-ford-under-the-Castle, Great Durnford, Woodford, South Newton, Wishford, Barford, Burcombe, Netherhampton, West Harnham, and Britford; such Part of the Parish of Fisherton Anger as will not by the Provisions of this Act be included within the Boundary of the City of Salisbury; and also all such Parts of the several Parishes of Bishopston, Toney Stratford, Combe Bisset, and Humington as are situated to the North of a straight Line to be drawn from Odstock Church to the Point on Combe Hill at which a Fence dividing the Down from the cultivated Land meets the old Road from Salisbury to Blandford, and thence through the Centre of the Clump of Trees called Fallstone Middle Nursery to the Western Boundary of the Parish of Bishopston, together with all such Part of the Extra-parochial Place called Grovely Wood as is situate to the East of a straight Line to be drawn from the Point at which the Western Boundary of the Parish of Wishford meets the Northern Boundary of Grovely Wood, to the Point at which the Western Boundary of the Parish of Barford meets the Southern Boundary of Grovely Wood.

39. — COUNTY OF WORCESTER.

Eastern Division.

Droitwich. — The old Borough of Droitwich; the several Parishes of Dodderhill, Hampton Lovett, Doverdale, Sal-warp, Martin Hussingtree, Oddingley, Hadsor, Hindlip, Himbledon, and Elmbridge; the Moreway-end Division and the Broughton Division of the Parish of Hanbury; the Extra-parochial Places called Crutch and Westwood Park; together with the Two Parts of the respective Parishes of Claines and Warndon which are surrounded by the respective Parishes of Hindlip and Martin Hussingtree; and also the Extra-parochial Place called Shell, and the detached Part of the Parish of Inkberrow, which are respectively contained between the Parish of Himbleton and the Broughton Division of the Parish of Hanbury.

Dudley. — The Parish of Dudley.

Evesham. — The old Borough of Evesham.

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3o GULIELMI IV. C. 64.

365

Western Division.

Bewdley. — The Parish of Ribbesford, and the several Hamlets of Wribbenhall* Hoarstone, Blackstone, Netherton, and Lower Mitton with Lickhill.

Kidderminster. — From the Point at or near Proud Cross at which the Boundary of the old Borough meets the Broomfield Road, along the Boundary of the old Borough, to the Point at which the Abberley Road meets the Black Brook; thence. Westward, along the Abberley Road to the first Point at which the same is met by a Hedge running due South therefrom; thence along the said Hedge to its Southern Extremity near a Stone Quarry; thence in a straight Line to the said Stone Quarry; thence in a straight Line to the First Mile Stone on the Bewdley Road; thence, Westward, along the Bewdley Road to the Point at which the same is joined by a Footpath leading to the Stourport Road; thence along the said Footpath to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the old Borough; thence, Southward, along the Boundary of the old Borough to the Point at which the same meets the South-eastern Fence of a Wood called "The Copse," situated on the Eastern Bank of the River Stour; thence along the said Fence to the Point at which the same meets Hoo Lane; thence across Hoo Lane, over a Stile called Gallows Stile," along a Footpath leading from the said Stile to the Lane from Hoo Brook to Com-berton Hill, to the Point at which the last-mentioned Footpath meets the Lane from Hoo-Brook to Comberton Hill; thence, Northward, along the Lane from Hoo-Brook to Comberton Hill to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the old Borough; thence, Northward, along the Boundary of the old Borough to the Point first described.

Worcester. — From the Liberty Post on the Tewkesbury Road, Southward, along the Tewkesbury Road, to the Point beyond the Turnpike at which the same Road is met by Duck Brook; thence along Duck Brook to the Point at which the same crosses the London Road; thence in a straight Line to the Western Extremity of the Road which leads out of the London Road to Lark Hill; thence along the said Road to Lark Hill to the Eastern Extremity thereof; thence along a Footpath leading to the New Town Road to the Point at which the same reaches the New Town Road; thence, Westward, along the New Town Road to the Point at which the same is crossed by a Footpath leading from the House of Industry to the Porte Fields Road; thence along the last-mentioned Footpath to the Point at which the same joins the Porte Fields Road; thence along a Footpath which leads from the Porte Fields Road, past Rainbow Villa, into the Astwood Road, to the Point at which such Footpath joins the Astwood Road; thence along a Road which leads from the Astwood Road to the Whey Tavern to the Point at which such Road crosses the Worcester and Birmingham Canal; thence along the Worcester and Birmingham Canal to the Bridge which is nearest to Gregory's Mill; thence along the Road leading from the said Bridge to the Birmingham

Digits by v

366

C. 64.

2* & 3d GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1832.

mingham Road to thcf Pdint dt Which the same is crossed by the Barborne Brook; thence along the Barbome Bfook to the Point at which the same falls into the River Severn; thence along the River Severn to the Point at which the same is met by the Boundary of the Parish of St. Clement; thence, Westward, along the Boundary of the Parish of St. Clement to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Township of St. John; thence, Westward, along the Boundary of the Township of St. John to the Point at which the same meets the Hereford Road; thence along the Hereford Road to the Point at which the same is met by Powick Lane, leading to Powick Bridge; thence. Southward, along Powick Lane to the Point at which the same terminates in a Footpath; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which Cut Throat Lane is met by a Footpath leading from Boughton Fields to the Malvern Road; thence along the last-mentioned Footpath to the Point at which the same joins the Malvern Road; thence, Northward, along the Malvern Road to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Township of St. John; thence, Eastward, along the Boundary of the Township of St. John to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Parish of St. Clement; thence. Eastward, along the Boundary of the Parish of St. Clement to the Point at which the same meets the River Severn; thence, Southward, along the River Severn to the Point at which the same is met by the old City Boundary; thence, Southward, along the old City Boundary to the Liberty Post aforesaid.

40. — COUNTY OF YORK.

North Riding.

Malton. — The respective Parishes of St. Leonard and St. Michael, New Malton, the Parish of Old Malton, and the Parish of Norton.

Northallerton — The respective Townships of Northallerton and Romanby, and the Chapelry of Brompton.

Richmond. — The respective Parishes of Richmond and Easby.

Scarborough. — The Parish of Scarborough, together with the Extra-parochial Precinct of Scarborough Castle.

Thirsk. — The several Townships of Thirsk, Sowerby, Carlton Miniott, Sand Hutton, Bagby, and South Kilvington.

Whitby. — The several Townships of Whitby, Ruswarp, and Hawsker-cum-Stainsacre.

York. — From the ancient Barn on the Easingwold Road, Two hundred Yards beyond the First Mile Stone on that Road, in a straight Line to the Lady or Clifton Mill; thence in a straight Line to the Pepper or Stray Mill; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Stockton Road would be cut by a straight Line to be drawn thereto from the Pepper or Stray Mill through the New Manor House; thence along the Stockton Road to the Point at which the same is joined by a Lane leading from the Eastern Extremity of the Village of Heworth towards the North; thence in a 4 straight

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 64.

36?

straight Line to the Point at which the Tang Hall Beck would be cut by a straight Line to be drawn from the Point last described to Heslington Mill; thence along Tang Hall Beck to the Point at which the same crosses the Boundary of the County of the City of York; thence, Southward, along the Boundary of the County of the City of York to the Point at which the same would be cut by a straight Line to be drawn thereto from the South-eastern Corner of the Barracks through Lamel Mill; thence in a straight Line to the South-eastern Corner of the Barracks; thence along the Southern Wall of the Barracks to the Point at which the same cuts the Selby Road; thence along the Selby Road to the Point at which the same is joined by Fulford Church Lane; thence along the Northern Hedge of Fulford Church Lane to the Point at which the same ceases to be continuous, close by a Farm Building belonging to Mr. Ellis; thence in a straight Line, in the Direction of the said Hedge, to the River Ouse; thence along the River Ouse to the Southernmost Point at which the same is met by the Boundary of the City Liberty; thence, Westward, along the Boundary of the City Liberty to the Point at which the same again meets the River Ouse; thence along the River Ouse to the Point at which the same would be cut by a straight Line to be drawn from the Barn first described to Acomb Church; thence in a straight Line to the Barn first described.

East Riding.

Beverley. — The several Parishes of St. Mary, St. Martin, and St. Nicholas, and also such Part of the Parish of St. John as is comprised within the Liberties of Beverley.

Kingston upon Hull. — The several Parishes of St. Mary, the Holy Trinity, Sculcoates, and Drypool; together with the Extra-parochial Space called Garrisonside, and all other Extra-parochial Places, if any, which are surrounded by the Boundaries of the said Parishes of St. Mary, the Holy Trinity, Sculcoates, and Drypool, or any or either of them; and also all such Part of the Parish of Sutton as is situated to the South of a straight Line to be drawn from Sculcoates Church to the Point at which the Sutton Drain meets the Summergangs Drain.

West Riding.

Bradford. — The several Townships of Bradford and Manning-ham and Bowling, and the Township of Horton, including the Hamlets of Great and Little Horton.

Halifax. — From the Point on the North of the Town at which the respective Boundaries of the several Townships of Halifax, North Owram, and Ovenden meet, Westward, along the Boundary of the Township of Halifax, to the Point at which the same meets the Road leading from a House called Shay to Bank Top; thence along the said Road from Shay to Bank Top to the Point at which the same meets the Road leading from South Owram to North Owram; thence along the said Road from South Owram to North Owram to God

Lane

368

C. 64.

2 & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Lane Bridge; thence in a straight Line to the South-eastern Corner of New Town on the Bradford Road; thence in a straight Line to the Point first described.

Huddersfield. — The Township of Huddersfield.

Knaresbrough. — The Boundary described in the Second Section of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, and intituled " An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and ina- proving the Town of Knaresborough in the West Riding of the County of York, and that Part of the Township of " Scriven-with-Tentergate which adjoins the said Town, and " is called Tentergate."

Leeds. — The Parish of Leeds.

Pontefract. — The old Borough and Township of Pontefract, and the Extra-parochial Space called the Pontefract Park District, the Castle Precincts and also the several Townships of Tanshelf, Monkhill, Knottingley, Ferrybridge, and Carleton.

Ripon. — The Township of Ripon; and also such Part of the Township of Aisraunderby-cum- Bondgate as is situate to the North of the Point on the South of the Town of Ripon at which the Ripley Road meets the Littlethorpe Road, and which is the Southern Extremity of the nearly disjointed Portion of the Township of Aismunderby-cum- Bondgate.

Sheffield. — The Parish of Sheffield.

Wakefield. — From the Southernmost Point at which the Boundary of the Township of Wakefield leaves the River* Calder, along the Boundary of the Township of Wakefield, to the Point at which the same is intersected by a Hedge running nearly North close by the Western Side of Park Gate Farm; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Footpath leading to St. Swithins Well joins the Footpath from East Moor to Old Park; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Stanley Road would be cut by a straight Line to be drawn from the Point last described to the Cupola of the Lunatic Asylum; thence along the Stanley Road to the Point at which the same is met by the East Moor Road; thence along the East Moor Road to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Township of Wakefield; thence, Westward, along the Boundary of the Township of Wakefield to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the detached Portion of the Township of Alverthorp which lies North of the Township of Wake -field; thence, Westward, along the Boundary of the said detached Portion of the Township of Alverthorp to the Point at which the same joins again the Boundary of the Township of Wakefield; thence, Southward, along the Boundary of the Township of Wakefield to the Point at which the same meets Balne Lane; thence along Balne Lane to the Point at which the same is met by Humble Jumble Lane; thence along Humble Jumble Lane to the Point at which the same meets the Footpath to Flanshaw Lane; thence along the Footpath to Flanshaw Lane to the Point at which the same meets Smithsons Railroad; thence along

Smithsons

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 64.

369

Smithsons Railroad to the Point at which the same meets the Dewsbury Road; thence along the Dewsbury Road to the Point at which the same meets the New or Occupation Road which unites the Dewsbury and Horbury Roads; thence along the said New Road to the Point at which the same meets the Park Wall of Thornes House; thence, Northward, along the said Wall to the Point at which the same meets the Road from Thornes to Horbury; thence along the Road from Thornes to Horbury to the Point at which the same meets the Stream called "The Gilsikethence along the said Stream to the Point at which the same falls into the River Calder; thence along the River Calder to the Point first described.

WALES.

41. — COUNTY OF ANGLESEA.

Beaumaris District.

Amlwch. — From the Point on the North-east of the Town at which Rhyd Talog Brook falls into the Sea at Porth Aber Cawell, Southward, along the Boundary of the Parish of Almwch to the Point called Croes Eilian; thence along the Plas Dulas Road to the Point called Penllaethdy Mawr; thence along the Road leading to Pentre Felin, across the Llanerch-y-medd Road, to the Point called Pentre Felin Adda Cross Roads; thence along a Road towards Pary'sFarm to the Point at which the same is met by the first Bye Road on the Right leading to Bod-gadfa Farm; thence along the said Bye Road, passing Bod-gadfa Farm, to the Point at which the same Bye Road is crossed (between Bod-gadfa Farm and a Cottage called Yr-hen Odyn) by the Lastre Brook; thence along the Lastre Brook, crossing the Holy-head Road, to the Point at which the same Brook falls into the River called Afon Park Llechog; thence along the Afon Park Llechog to a Ford in the Cemmaes Road called Rhyd-carreg-cath; thence along the Cemmaes Road to the Cottage called Bryn-y-Cyll, at which the same Road is met by the Church Pathway; thence along the Church Pathway to the Stile over a Brook which divides the Land of the Marquis of Anglesea from the Coed Helen and Lysdulas Property, and which Stile is close by a Spring called Ffynnon Casyris; thence along the last-mentioned Brook to the Point at which the same is met by a Boundary Fence (a few Yards North of a Cottage called Cae-bach) running in the Direction of Mona Mill; thence along the said Fence to the Point at which the same cuts the Porth Llechog Road; thence, towards Amlwch, along the Porth Llechog Road to the Point at which the same is met by the Ffynnon-y-Garreg-fawr Pathway; thence along the Ffynnon-y-Garreg-fawr Pathway to the Spring called Ffynnon-y-Garreg-fawr; thence along the Stream which proceeds from the said Spring to the Point at which the same Stream falls into the Sea; thence along the Sea to the Point first described.

2 & 3 Gul.IV. Bb

S70

C. 64.

2° & S° GULIELMI IV-

A.D. 183%

Beaumaris. — The old Borough of Beaumaris.

Holyhead. — From that Part of the Common called u The Towyn," on the South-east of the Town which is nearest to Holyhead Common, along the Road leading to Penrhos which adjoins the Towyn, (and is to the East of a Cottage called " Pen-Towyn," occupied by John Davis,) to the Point at which the said Road to Penrhos is met by another Road leading to a Piece of Waste Land called "The Cyttir thence along the said Road to the Cyttir to the Point at which the same meets the Road which leads across the Cyttir; thence along the said Road across the Cyttir to the Point at which the same meets the old Post Road to Bangor; thence along the old Post Road to Bangor to Pentraeth; thence along the Road which leads from Pen-traeth in a Westerly Direction, and South of the new Brewery, to the Point at which the same joins another Road; thence. Northward, along the Road so joined to the Point at which the same meets the Penrhos foila Road; thence along the Penrhos foila Road to the Point at which the same meets the Road which leads by the Ucheldre Windmill to the South Stack; thence along the said Road to the South Stack, including the Messuage, with the Offices and Garden thereunto belonging, now in the Occupation of Captain Colin Jones, to the Westernmost Point (near a Cottage called " Cer^ig-y-lloi, ') ajt which the same is crossed by a Stream running ftom the Holyhead Mountain; thence along the said Stream to the Point at which the same falls into the Sea; thence along the Sea Coast to that Point thereof which is nearest to the Point first described; thence in a straight Line to the Point first described.

langefni. — From the Point at which the Boundary Wall between the Property of Admiral Lloyd and the Property of Owen Williams Esquire meets the old Bangor Road, East of a Cottage called Min'fford, along the said Boundary Wall to the Point at which the same reaches a Spring and a Footpath called Llwybyr Tregarnedd-bach; thence along a Hedge which, running from the said Spring and Footpath, forms a Continuation of the Line of the said Boundary Wall, and runs through the Land of John Hampton Lewis Esquire, to the Point at which such Hedge meets the River Cefni; thence, Southward, along the River Cefni to the Point at which the same is met by the Boundary of the Parish of Llangefni; thence, Westward, along the Boundary of the Parish of Llangefni to the Point at which the same meets the Bye Road called Llidiart-y-Pandy; thence along the said Bye Road Llidiart-y-Pandy to the Spot called Croes-lon-pen-y-Nant; thence, Southward, along the Market Road to the Point at which the same joins the Rhos-y-meirch Road; thence along the Rhos-y-meirch Road to the first Point at which the same is cut (beyond the Road leading to Clai) by Hedges running from each Side of the Road at Right Angles; thence along the Hedge which runs from the last-mentioned Point towards Pencraig to

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 64.

371 '

the Point at which the same reaches an old Quarry; thence along a Hedge which proceeds from the said old Quarry, and forms a Continuation of the Hedge last described, passing Tyn-y-coed Farm, to the Point at which the same Hedge cuts the Llanddyfnan Road; thence along the Llanddyfnan Road, towards Llanddyfnan, to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Pencraig-fawr Farm; thence, Southward, along the Boundary of the Pencraig-fawr Farm to the Point at which the same meets the old Bangor Road; thence along the old Bangor Road to the Point first described.

42. — COUNTY OF BRECON,

Brecon. — The old Borough of Brecon, and the Extra-parochial Districts of the Castle and Christs College.

43. — COUNTY OF CAERMARTHEN.

Caermarthen District.

Caermarthen. — The old Borough of Caermarthen,

Llanelly. — From the Point in Wern-y-Goosy Meadow on the North-west of the Town at which the old Course of the Stream, which is the old Borough Boundary, makes a sharp Turn, in a straight Line to the Southern Extremity of the Western Fence of Cae Mawr Issa Field; thence, Northward, along the Fence of the Cae Mawr Issa Field to the Point at which the same meets the Wall which is the Western Boundary of Furnace Garden; thence along the said Wall to the Point at which the same meets Pen-y-Fai Lane; thence along Pen-y-Fai Lane to the Point at which the same meets the Caermarthen Road; thence in a straight Line to the North-western Corner of the Garden of Cae Mawr Cottage, lately burnt down; thence along the Fence which divides the Garden of Cae Mawr Cottage and the Field Cae Isha fVom the Field Cae-ycha to the Point at which the same meets the Fence which divides the Field Cae-ycha from the Field Cae-bank; thence along the last-mentioned Fence to the*Northern Corner of the Field Cae-bank; thence in a straight Line through the Southern Extremity of the Northeastern Boundary of the Field Cae-bank, across the Tram-road, to the old Borough Boundary; thence, Eastward, along the old Borough Boundary to the Point first described.

44 — COUNTY OF CARDIGAN.

Cardigan District.

Abersytwith. — From the outermost Point of the Rock Graig-lais on the Sea Coast visible from the Point next described, in a straight Line to the Northern Extremity of the Stone Wall which divides the Land called Pant-y-gyrn from the Land called Frdn; thence along the said Wall to the Point at which the same meets the Wall which divides the Land Pant-y-gyrn from the Land Fr6n-uchaf; thence, Eastward, along the Boundary of Fr6n-uchaf to the Turnstile at the

B b 2 South-

372

C. 64.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

South-eastern Comer thereof; thence in a straight Line to the Mill in the Tanyard near the Road leading to Llan-badam-fawr; thence in a straight Line to the Wooden Dam just above Plas-greig; thence, Southward, along the Boundary of the old Borough to the Sea Coast; thence along the Sea Cost to the Point first described.

Adpar. — The old Borough of Adpar and the Hamlet of Emlyn in the Parish of Cennarth.

Cardigan. — The old Borough of Cardigan, and also Bridgend Hamlet and Abbey Hamlet in the Parish of Saint Dogmel in the County of Pembroke.

Lampeter. — From the Point on the Creithin-Brook at which the Northern Boundary of the Glebe meets the Boundary of the old Borough, along the Northern Boundary of the Glebe to the Point at which the same meets again the Boundary of the old Borough; thence, Northward, along the Boundary of the old Borough to the Point first described.

45. — COUNTY OF CARNARVON.

Carnarvon District.

Bangor. — From the Point on the North-east of the Town at which the Road from the Park Wall of Penrhyn Castle to the Menai Straits joins the Menai Straits at the High-water Mark, along the said Road to the Point at which the same meets the said Park Wall; thence, Westward, along the said Park Wall to the Entrance Gate to Lime Grove; thence in a straight Line across the Road to the nearest Point in the Boundary Wall immediately opposite, which bounds a Field belonging to Lime Grove; thence along the said Boundary Wall to the Point at which the River Cegin enters, the Grounds of Pennant Esquire; thence along the River

Cegin to the Bridge across the Shrewsbury Road; thence in a straight Line to a square Brick Seat or Monument situate on a Knoll in a Field called Cae Pant; thence in a straight Line to the nearest Point of the Road to Felin Esgob; thence in a straight Line to the nearest Point of the Road to Brynniau; thence in a straight lane to the Point at which the Road from Bangor to the Menai Bridge leaves the Road from Bangor to Carnarvon; thence along the said Road to the Menai Bridge, in the Direction of such Bridge, to the Gate on the Right-hand Side which opens into an Occupation Road leading to Penrallt; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Low-water Mark in the Straits of Menai would be cut by a straight Line to be drawn from the Gate last described to the Windmill called Llandegfan Mill, which is on the opposite Side of the Straits; thence along the said Low-water Mark to the Point thereof which is nearest to the Point first described; thence in a straight Line to the Point first described.

Carnarvon. — The old Borough of Carnarvon.

Conway. — The old Borough of Conway.

Cricceith. — The old Borough of Cricceith.

Nevin. — The old Borough of Nevin.

Pwllheli

C. 64.

373

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV.

Pwllheli. — From the South-western Extremity of the Boundary of the old Borough on the Sea Coast, along the Boundary of the old Borough (leaving the Sea Coast) to the Point at which the same is met by a small Stream called " Afon-goegen; thence along the said Stream to the Bridge called " Sam, or Pont-penmaen thence along the Southern Branch of the said Stream to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the old Borough; thence, Northward, along the Boundary of the old Borough to the Point at which the same meets a Road leading from Deneio Church into the Carnarvon Road; thence along the said Road from Deneio Church to the Point at which the same is cut by the Fence of a Field called " Cae Fynnow," in the Occupation of Hugh Williams of Bryn Crin; thence along the last-mentioned Fence to the Point at which the same cuts an Occupation Road leading from Bryn Crin Farmhouse into the Carnarvon Road; thence along the said Occupation Road to the Point at which the same joins the Carnarvon Road; thence, Northward, along the Carnarvon Road to the Point at which the same is met by a Road on the Right leading to Abereirch; thence along the said Road to Abereirch to the Point at which the same meets a Road leading from Pwllheli to Tremadoc; thence in a straight Line to the Sea, at the nearest Point; thence, Westward, along the Sea Coast to the Point first described.

* 6. — COUNTY OF DENBIGH.

Denbigh District.

Denbigh. — The old Borough of Denbigh.

Holt. — The old Borough of Holt.

Ruthin. — The old Borough of Ruthin.

Wrexham. — The respective Townships of Wrexham Abbot and Wrexham Regis; and also such Part of the Township of Esclusam-below as is surrounded by the Townships of Wrexham Abbot and Wrexham Regis, or One of them.

47. — COUNTY OF FLINT.

Flint District.

* St. Asaph. — From the Point on the North-west of the Town at which the Boundary of the Township of Talar meets the River Elwy, Westward, along the Boundary of the Township of Talar, to the Green Gate Bridge over the Brook Nant-y-franol; thence along the Brook Nant-y-franol to the Point at which the same meets the Holyhead Road; thence. Eastward, along the Holyhead Road to the Point at which the same is met by the Boundary of the Township of Talar; thence, Eastward, along the Boundary of the Township of Talar to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Township of Bryn Polin; thence, Southward, along the Boundary of the Township of Bryn Polin to the Foint at which the same meets the Upper Denbigh Road; thence, Northward, along the Upper Denbigh Road to> the Point at

B b 3 which

374

C. 64.

2° & 3* GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1832.

which the same is met by a Road or Lane leading to Ysguborgoed; thence along such Road or Lane leading to Ysguborgoed to the Point at which the same 'meets the River Clwyd; thence along the River Clwyd to the Point at which the same is met by the Southern Boundary of the Township of Cyrchynan; thence in a straight Line to the Point first described.

Caergwyle. — The old Borough of Caergwyle.

Caerwys. — The old Borough of Caerwys.

Flint. — The old Borough of Flint.

Holywell. — From the Boundary Stone on the Hill Pen-y-bryn, and on the Western Side of the Hedge (which is between the Cottage occupied by William Williams and the Southeastern Corner of the Plantation of Richard Sankey Esquire) , in a straight Line to the Boundary Stone of the Township of Holywell which is on the Eastern Side of the St. Asaph Road; thence in a straight Line to a Bridge (in the Lane leading to and past Greenfield Hall) over a Watercourse running into the River Dee; thence, Eastward, along the said Watercourse to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Township of Greenfield; thence, Southward, along the Boundary of the Township of Greenfield to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Township of Holywell; thence along the Eastern and Southern or exterior Boundary of the Township of Holywell to the Boundary Stone first described.

Mold. — The Township of Mold.

Overton. — The old Borough of Overton.

Rhuddlan. — The old Borough of Rhuddlan.

Merthyr Tydvil. — From the Point on the North of Merthyr Tydvil at which the Northern Boundary of the Hamlet of Gellydeg meets the River called the Great TafF, Northward, along the Great TafF, to the Point at which the same is cut by the Southern Fence of Cilsanos Common; thence, East* ward, along the Fence of Cilsanos Common to the Point at which the same cuts the Brecon Road; thence. Southward, along the Brecon Road to the Point at which the same meets the Vainor Road; thence, Eastward, along the Vainor Road to the Point at which the same meets a Bye Road leading to Cefn-coed-y-Cwymner; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Little TafF would be cut by a straight Line to be drawn from the Point last described to the Southern Mouth of a Culvert on the Eastern Side of the Little TafF; thence, up the Little TafF, along the Boundary of the Parish of Merthyr Tydvil to the Point at which the Cwm Bargoed Stream is joined by a little Brook from the Coli Ravine; thence in a straight Line to the North-eastern Corner of the Stone Fence of

Farmhouse to the Point at which the same meets the Mountain Track from Dowlais to Quakers Yard; thence,

48 — COUNTY OF GLAMORGAN *

thence along the Road which

9

Southward,

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 64.

375

Southward, along the said Track, between the Farms of Pen-dwy-cae Vach and Pen-dwv-cae Vawr, to the Point at which such Track meets a Road running nearly due West, by a Stone Quarry, to Pen-y-rhw Gymra Cottage; thence along the last-mentioned Road to the Point at which the same reaches the Southern Side of Pen-y-rhw Gymra Cottage; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Southern Boundary of Troed-y-rhw Farm meets the Cardiff Road; thence along the Southern Boundary of Troed-y-rhw Farm to the Point at which the same meets the Great Taff; thence in a straight Line to the Bridge over the Cardiff Canal called Pont-y-nant Maen; thence, Northward, along the Cardiff Canal to the Point at which the same is intersected by the Cwmdu Brook; thence along the Cwmdu Brook to its Source; thence in a straight Line drawn due West to the Boundary of the Parish of Aberdare; thence, Southward, along the Boundary of the Parish of Aberdare to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Hamlet of Gellydeg; thence, Eastward, along the Boundary of the Hamlet of Gellydeg to the Point first described.

Cardiff District.

Cardiff. — The old Borough of Cardiff; and so much, if any, of either or both of the respective Parishes of St. John and Saint Mary as lies without the old Borough.

Cowbridge. — The old Borough of Cowbridge.

Llantrissent. — The old Borough of Llantrissent.

Swansea District.

Abe r a von. — From the Point on the South of the Town at which the River Avon falls into the Sea, Northward, along the Eastern Boundary of the Hamlet of Havod-y-Porth, to that Point in a Stone Fence which is immediately opposite a small round Pool; thence along the said Stone Fence to the Point at which the same meets a Lane or Path leading to a small Cottage; thence along such Lane or Path to the Ford across a Brook immediately opposite Margam Chapel; thence along the Road to Dyffrynucha to the Point at which the same meets the Railroad from the Tai-bach Copper Works to Michalston; thence, Northward, along the said Railroad to the Point at which the same crosses a small Stream running into the River Avon; thence along the said Stream to the Point at which the same falls into the River Avon; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which a Stream which runs through the Cwm By chan Ravine falls into the River Avon; thence along the last-mentioned Stream to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Parish of Baglan; thence, Southward, along the Boundary of the Parish of Baglan to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Parish of Aberavon; thence, Westward, along the Boundary of the Parish of Aberavon to the Point at which the Boundary of the old Borough leaves the same; thence along the Boundary of the old Borough to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Hamlet of Havod-y-Porth;

B b 4 thence,

376

C. 64. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

thence, Southward, along the Boundary of the Hamlet of Havod-y-Porth to the Point first described.

Kenfig. — The old Borough of Kenfig.

Loughor. — The old Borough of Loughor.

Neath. — From the Point lowest down the River Neath at which the Boundary of the old Borough leaves the River Neath, along the Boundary of the old Borough, leaving the River Neath, to the Point at which Caerfwell Ditch joins the River Neath; thence along Caerfwell Ditch to the Point at which the same meets the Lane called Heol-morfa; thence along the Lane Heol-morfa to the Point at which the same joins the High Road to Merthyr; thence along the High Road to Merthyr to the Point at which the Road . to Pontardawey leaves the same; thence along the Road to Pontardawey to the Point at which the same is joined by a Lane called Rheol-y-glow; thence along the Lane Rheol y-glow to the Point at which the same meets a Brook; thence along such Brook to the Point at which the same meets Rheol-wern-fraith Lane; thence along Rheol-wern-fraith Lane to the Point at which the same is cut by a Fence forming the North-western Boundary of Cae-canddaw Field; thence along the last-mentioned Fence to the Point at which the same meets the Brook running to Nantlyros; thence along the ^rook running to Nantlyros to the Point at which the same joins the Canal; thence along the Cahal to the Point at which the same crosses the Stream Clydach; thence along the Stream Clydach to the Point at which the same joins the River Neath; thence along the River Neath to the Point first described.

Swansea. — From the Point at which the Northern Boundary of the Parish of St. John is crossed by the Road to Llange-felach Church, Northward, along the Road to Llangefelach Church, to the Point at which the same is joined by a Lane called Rheol-y-cnap; thence along the Lane Rheoly-cnap, and along a Lane which is a Continuation thereof, and which joins the Turnpike Road to Neath opposite the Llandwr Engine, to the Point at which such last-mentioned Lane joins the Turnpike Road to Neath; thence, Northward, along the Turnpike Road to Neath to the Point at which the same is joined, between the Dukes Arms Public House and a Blacksmiths Shop, by a Road leading towards Clas Mont Farm; thence along the last-mentioned Road to the Point at which the same is met, opposite the Lane from Pen-lan commonly called Pen-lan Road, by a Track leading to a Well Head; thence along the said Track to the Point at which the same reaches the said Well Head; thence along the Stream which flows from the said Well Head to the Point at which the said Stream falls into the Stream called Nant Velin; thence along the Stream Nant Velin to the Point at which the same crosses the Road which leads from Morriston into the Road from Llangefelach Church to the Bridge over the River Tawey; thence along the said Road from Morriston to the Point at which the same joins the Road from Llangefelach Church to the Bridge over the River

Tawey

A.D. 1832.

C. 64.

377

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV.

Tawey; thence along the last-mentioned Road to the Point at which the same reaches the said Bridge over the River Tawey; thence, Eastward, along the Turnpike Road to Neath to the Point at which the same is met near the Star Public House by a Lane which leads from the Southern Extremity of the Parish of Llansamlet, over Cilfay Hill and by Bon-y-maen, to Llansamlet Church; thence along the last-mentioned Lane to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Hamlet of St. Thomas near Tregwel; thence, Eastward, along the Boundary of the Hamlet of St. Thomas to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Town and Franchise; thence, Westward, along the Boundary of the Town and Franchise to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Parish of St. John; thence, Westward, along the Boundary of the Parish of St. John to the Point first described.

49. — COUNTY OF MONTGOMERY.

Montgomery District.

Llanfyllin. — From the Southern Extremity, on the North-west of the Town, of the private Road which leads from the Llangynog Turnpike Road to Bodfach Hall, along the said private Road to the Point at which the same is met by the Boundary of the Field Cae Evan Griffith; thence, Northward, along the Boundary of the Field Cae Evan Griffith to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Field Maes Ucha; thence, Eastward, along the Boundary of the Field Maes, Ucha to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Field Cae-pella Bwich-y-llan; thence. Northward, along the Boundary of the Field Cae-pella Bwich-y-llan to the Point at which the same meets the Llangedwyn Road; thence along the Northern Fences of the respective Fields Cae Dii, Cae Main, and Cae Dfi Mawr, and along the Eastern Fence of the Field Cae Dfi Mawr, to the Point at which the last-mentioned Fence reaches the Derwlwyn Wood; thence in a straight Line across the Derwlwyn Wood to the Northern Extremity of the Eastern Fence of Glynie Isa Tenement; thence along the Eastern Fence of Glynie Is& Tenement to the Point at which the same meets the Brynelldyn Road; thence along the Bry-nelldyn Road to the Point at which the same reaches Green Hall Park; thence, Southward, along the Boundary of the Field Caer Fron to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Field Caer Gwenithdir; thence, Southward, along the Boundary of the Field Caer Gwenithdir to the Point at which the same meets the River Cain; thence along the River Cain to the Bridge called Pont-y-Derwlwyn; thence along Pont-y-Derwlwyn Lane to the Point at which the same meets the Bachie Road; thence along the Bachie Road to the Eastern Corner of Garth Wood; thence along the South-western Fences of the Fields Caer Garth and Cyfie Ucha, and of the Wood Coed Pen-y-Garth, and, Westward, along the Southern Fence of the Field Cae

Gwenith

378

C. 64.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 18&

Gwenith, to the Point at which such Southern Fence cuts . the Occupation Road to Pen-y-Garth Farm; thence in a straight Line to the Eastern Extremity of the Southern Fence of the Field Llwyn Bricks; thence, Westward, along the Boundary of the Field Llwyn Bricks to the Point at which the same meets the Fence of the Field Cae Bath; thence, Westward, along the Fence of the Field Cae Bath to the Point at which the same meets the Brook Abel; thence along the Brook Abel to the Point at which the same is met by the Western Fence of the Easternmost of the Fields respectively called Lower Meadow; thence along the Western Fence of the last-mentioned Field to the Point at which the same cuts the Lane to Tynewydd; thence, Northward, along the Boundary of the Field Llwyn Hir to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Field Cae Mawr; thence, Northward, along the Boundary of the Field Cae Mawr to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Field Cae Bach; thence, Eastward, along the Boundary of the Field Cae Bach to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Field Upper Coed Llan; thence, Eastward, along the Boundary of the Field Upper Coed Llan to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Field Lower Coed Llan; thence, Northward* along the Boundary of the Field Lower Coed Llan to the Point at which the same meets the Occupation Road to Pen Coed Llan; thence in a straight Line to the Point first described.

Llanidloes. — From the Point on the South-east of the Town at which Cwm Jonathan Rill crosses the Rhaydr Road, Southward, along Cwm Jonathan Rill to the Point at which the same is met by the Hedge on the Right Hand which is nearest to the Point at which Cwm Jonathan Rill crosses the Cart Lane from Ty-coch to Llanidloes; thence along the said Hedge to the Point at which the same meets the Ty-coch Stream; thence along the Ty-coch Stream to the Point at which the same reaches the Llangurig Road; thence, Northward, along the Llangurig Road to the Point at which the same is cut by the nearest Hedge on the Left Hand; thence along the last-mentioned Hedge to the Point at which the same reaches a Water-cut Bank; thence. Southward, along the said Water-cut Bank to the Point at which the same reaches a Hedge running in the Direction of the Turnpike on the Pymlymon Road; thence along the last-mentioned Hedge to the Point at which the same reaches the River Severn; thence along the River Severn to the Point at which the same is cut by a Line drawn thereto in continuation of the Direction of the Hedge on the Northern End of Pen-y-Green; thence along the last-mentioned Line, and along the Hedge in continuation whereof it is drawn, to the Point at which such Hedge reaches the Hedge of Mr. Price's Wood; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Stream called Cefn Cummere Dingle meets the Pen-y-bank Road; thence along the Cefn Cummere Dingle to the Point at which the same joins the Clywedog River; thence, Westward, along

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 64.

379

the Boundary of the Township of Cilmachallt, to the Point at which the same meets a small Watercourse which runs along the Western Edge of Berth Lloyd Coppice; thence along the said Watercourse to the Point at which the same reaches the Lane from Llanidloes to Gorn; thence, Westward, along the Lane from Llanidloes to Gorn to the Point at which the same reaches the Hedge which runs along the Eastern Side of the Chapel House; thence along the last-mentioned Hedge to the Point at which the same reaches Lletty-coch-y-nant Brook; thence, Westward, along Lletty-coch-y-nant Brook to the Point at which the same is met on the Left Hand by a small Stream; thence along the last-mentioned Stream to the Spring from which the same proceeds; thence in a straight Line to the nearest Point in the Road from Llanidloes to the Barn Leasow; thence, Westward, along the Road from Llanidloes to the Barn Leasow to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Borough of Llanidloes; thence, Southward, along the Borough of Llanidloes to the Point at which the same meets Cwm Jonathan Rill; thence along Cwm Jonathan Rill to the Point first described.

Machynlleth. — The Township and Liberties of Machynlleth; and also that detached Part of the Township of Isygarreg which adjoins the North-eastern Boundary of the Township and Liberties of Machynlleth.

Montgomery. — The old Borough of Montgomery.

Newtown. — The Parish of Newtown, and the respective Townships of Hendidley and Gwestydd.

Welshpool. — The Parish of Pool, and the Township of Gun-grog Fechan in the Parish of Guilsfield, except that Part of the Township of Cyfronnydd in the Parish of Pool which is detached from the main Body of such Parish.

50* — COUNTY OF PEMBROKE.

Haverfordwest District.

Fishguard. — From the Point at which the Low-water Mark would be cut by a straight Line to be drawn thereto from the Gate of the Fort, through the Eastern Extremity of the Southern Wall of the Fort, in a straight Line to the Gate of the Fort; thence in a straight Line to the North-western Comer of Parc-y-Morfa Meadow$ thence along the Western Fence of Parc-y-Morfa Meadow to the South-western Comer thereof; thence in a straight Line to the highest Point of Parc-y-Morfa Rock; thence in a straight Line to the Northwestern Comer of the Fence which divides the Glyn Amel Property from the Property of Mr. Vaughan; thence. Southward, along the said Fence of the Glyn Amel Property to the Point at which the same meets the Northern Stream of the River Gwaine; thence up the said Stream to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the old Borough; thence, Eastward, along the Boundary of the old Borough to the Point at which the same meets the Low-water Mark;

thence,

380

C. 64. 2° & 3 GULIELMI IV. A.D. 182.

thence, Eastward, along the Low-water Mark to the Point first described.

Haverfordwest. — From the Point at which a straight Line drawn from Saint Thomas's Church to the Gate at the North-eastern Corner of the Field called Hill Park cuts the Boundary of the old Borough, along such straight Line to the said Gate; thence in a straight Line to the Gate which crosses the Road leading to Scotch Well House; thence along the last-mentioned Road to the Point at which the same reaches Scotch Well House; thence along the Road which leads by Sandpool into the Cardigan Road to the North-eastern Corner of Sandpool; thence in a straight Line to the Cottage of Philip White; thence in a straight Line to the Left Pier of the Weir on the River Cleddy; thence along the River Cleddy to the Point at which the same would be cut by a straight Line to be drawn from Prendergast Church to the Gate leading from the Lane on the North-east of Little Slade Farm into the Paddock of Little Slade Farm; thence in a straight Line to the last-mentioned Gate; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Boundary of the old Borough would be cut by a straight Line to be drawn from the last-mentioned Gate to the Point at which the Poorfield Road (otherwise called Jury Lane) leaves the Saint David's Road; thence, Westward, along the Boundary of the old Borough to the Point first described.

Narberth. — From the Southern End of the Turnpike Gate House on the Redstone Road, Westward, along the Fence which abuts on the said House and is the Northern Boundary of a Field of which George Harris is Tenant and Mr. Thomas Eaton Landlord, to the North-western Corner of the said Field; thence in a straight Line to the Northeastern Corner of a Field belonging to George Devonald Esquire, and bounded on the South by the Turnpike Road to Haverfordwest; thence along the private Road which runs from the last-mentioned Field to the Point at which the said private Road meets the said Road to Haverfordwest; thence in a straight Line across the said Road tb Haverfordwest to the Point at which the same is met by the Western Boundary of the Town Moor; thence, Southward, along the Western and Southern Boundary of the Town Moor to the Gate of a Lane at the South-eastern Corner thereof; thence along the said Lane to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of Narberth Churchyard; thence, Westward, along the Boundary of Narberth Churchyard to the South-western Corner thereof; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Stream from Narberth Bridge would be cut by a straight Line to be drawn from the Point last described to the Point at which the Road from the Parsonage meets the Road from Pembroke; thence up the said Stream to the Point at which the same is joined by the Stream from Narberth Mill; thence up the Stream flowing from Narberth Mill to the South-western Corner of the Field of which Lewis Watkins is Tenant and Baron

Retzen

A.D. 1832.

2 & 8° GULIELMI IVk

C. 64.

381

Retzen is Landlord; thence, Eastward, along the Boundary of the last-mentioned Field to the Point at which the same meets the Southern Boundary of the Field belonging to Mr. Henry Davies, in which there is a Turnstile; thence, Eastward, along the Southern Boundary of the said Field of Mr. Henry Davies, and the Southern and Eastern Boundary of the adjoining Field belonging to George Phillips Esquire, to the Point at which the Eastern Boundary of the said Field of George Phillips Esquire meets the Occupation Road leading to Blackalder; thence, Eastward, along the Occupation Road to Blackalder to the Point at which the same meets the South-eastern Boundary of the Easternmost of Two contiguous Fields of which Mrs. Evans is Tenant and Daniel Thomas Landlord; thence along the Boundary of the lastrmentioned Field to the Point at which the same meets the Carmarthen Road; thence in a straight Line across the Carmarthen Road to the South-eastern Corner of the Field belonging to John Lewis; thence along the Eastern Boundary of John Lewis's Field to the Point at which the same cuts the Cardigan Road; thence in a straight Line across the Cardigan Road to the South-western Corner of Jesse's Well House; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Fence of the Grounds attached to the House called Bloomfield's would be cut by a straight Line to be drawn from the Point last described to the House called Bloomfield's; thence, Westward, along the last-mentioned Fence to the Point at which the same cuts the Redstone Road; thence along the Redstone Road to the Point first described.

Pembroke District.

Milford. — From the Point at which Prix Pill falls into the Sea, along Prix Pill, to the Point at which the same is met by the Lane coming down by Cwm, and sometimes called Cwm Lane; thence along Cwm Lane to the Point at which the same meets the Road from Haverfordwest; thence along the Road from Haverfordwest to the Point at which the same is met by Priory Lane; thence along Priory Lane to the Point at which the same meets, on the Left, a Road sometimes called the New Road; thence along the New Road to the Point at which the same meets a Lane sometimes called White Lady's Lane, leading to a Field North of the Brewery sometimes called Haggard Field; thence along White Lady's Lane to the Point at which the same is cut by the Fence of Haggard Field; thence, Northward, along the Fence of Haggard Field to the North-western Corner thereof; thence in a straight Line in the Direction of the Northern Fence of Haggard Field to. Priory Pill thence in a straight Line to the White Warehouse standing at the Head of the Rope Walk in Hubberstone Parish; thence along Spike Lane which proceeds from the said White Warehouse to the Point at which the same meets Conjwick Lane; thence along Conjwick. Lane to the Point at which the same meets the Lane which was lately Part of

Point

C. 6L

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Point Field; thence along the Lane lately Part of Point Field to the Point at which the same ends on the Common; thence in a straight Line through the Westernmost Point of the Fort to the Sea Coast; thence along the Sea Coast to the Point first described.

Pembroke. — The respective Parishes of Saint Mary and St. Michael, and also the Space comprised within the Boundary hereafter described (together with all such Parts, if any, of the old Borough of Pembroke as lie without the said Boundary):

From the Point on the South-west of the Town at which the Brook called the Taylor's Lake meets the Boundary of the Parish of St. Mary, Northward, along the said Brook, to the Point at which the same joins the Pill near Quoit's Mill; thence along the said Pill to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Parish of St. Mary; thence. Eastward, along the Boundary of the Parish of St. Mary to the Point first described.

Tbvby __TKo Tn_T iKorfir nf TanKw

Cefn Llys. — The old Borough of Cefn Llys.

Knighton.- — The old Borough of Knighton.

Knucklas. — The old Borough of Knuckles.

Presteign. — The ancient Lordship, Manor, and Borough of Presteign, together with such Parts, if any, of the Township of Presteign, and of the Chapelry of Discoyd, as are without the ancient Lordship, Manor, and Borough of Presteign; and also the Space included within the following Boundary; (that is to say,)

From the Point on the North of the Town at which Norton Brook falls into the River Lug, in a straight Line to the Point at which the Road to Wigmore and Ludlow is met by the Road to Kinsham Village; thence in a straight Line ta the Point at which the Right-hand Branch of the Clatter Brook falls into the River Lug; thence along the River Lug to the Point first described.

New Radnor. — The old Borough of New Radnor.

Rhaydrgwy. — From the Point at which the Boundary of the old Borough would be cut by a straight Line to be drawn, from Rhadyr Church to the Bridge over the Gwynllin Brook on the new Road to Aberystwith, in a straight Line to the said Bridge; thence along the Gwynllin Brook to the Weir or Dam Head; thence along the Southern Bank of the Mill Dam to the Point at which the same is cut by the Eastern Fence of Gwynllin lain Field; thence, Southward, along the Eastern Fence of Gwynllin lain Field to the Gate leading into the Yard of the Grist Mill and Woollen Manufactory belonging to David Evans; thence along the Road which crosses the said Yard to another Gate at the South-eastern Corner thereof; thence in a straight Line to the North-

51. — COUNTY OF RADNOR. Radnor Distrjct.

eastern

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV.

333

C. 64, 65.

eastern Corner of the Farmhouse called Ty-Newidd or New House; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Boundary of the old Borough would be cut by a straight Line to be drawn from the New House to the Bridge over the River Wye; thence, Southward, along the Boundary of the old Borough to the Point first described.

CAP. LXV.

An Act to amend the Representation of the People in Scotland.

[17th July 1832.]

WHEREAS the Laws which regulate the Election of Mem-

1 bers to serve in the Commons House of Parliament for

1 Scotland are defective, whereby great Inconveniences and

Abuses have been occasioned: And whereas it is expedient,

and would be for the evident Utility of the Subjects within Scotland, that those Defects should be remedied, and especially that Members should be provided forPlaces hitherto unrepresented, and the Right of Election extended to Persons of Property and Intelligence, and that the Mode of conducting Elections should be better regulated and ordered:* Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the End of this pre- Scotland present Parliament, and in all future Parliaments to be assembled, a^er to have there shall be Fifty-three Representatives returned for Scotland

to the Commons House of Parliament, of whom Thirty shall be Thirty for* ' for the several or conjoined Shires or Stewartries herein-after Counties, and enumerated, and Twenty-three for the several Cities, Burghs, Twenty-three and Towns, or Districts of Cities, Burghs, and Towns, herein-after for Towns* enumerated or described.

II. And be it enacted, That after the End of this present As to the Parliament the Burghs of Peebles and Selkirk shall no longer Burghs of form Parts of the District to which they now belong, or be enti- Beebles, Selkirk tied to contribute with any other Burghs in the Election of any an ot say# Member of Parliament, but shall, in the Matter of Elections, be

held to be Parts of the Counties of Peebles and Selkirk respectively; and in like Manner that the Burgh of JRothsay in the County of Bute shall no longer form Part of the District to which it now belongs, but be held, in the Matter of Elections, to be Part of the County of Bute.

III. And be it enacted, That of the Thirty Members hereafter Enumeration of to be returned to Parliament by the separate or combined Shires Counties hereof Scotland, One shall always be returned by each of the sepa- ?er return rate Shires or Parts of Shires enumerated in the Schedule (A.) ndlor?oiSyI hereunto annexed, and One by each Two of the combined

Shires or Parts of Shires enumerated and described in Schedule (B.) hereunto annexed: Provided always, that all Properties lying locally within the Limits of any County or Shire, though hitherto constituting Part of some other County, shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be held to be Part of the County within which they are locally included.

IV. And be it enacted, That of the Twenty-three Members to Enumeration be returned for the several or combined Cities, Burghs, and Towns of Burghs and

of Towns here-

C. 65.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

after to return Members severally or jointly.

Boundaries of Cities, Burghs, and Towns.

Rules for the Construction of the Descriptions contained in the Schedule

(M.)

of Scotland, Two shall always be returned by each of the separate Cities, Burghs, and Towns enumerated and described in Schedule (C.) hereunto annexed, One by each of the separate Cities, Burghs, and Towns enumerated and described in Schedule (D.) hereunto annexed, and One by each of the Districts or Sets of Cities, Burghs, and Towns enumerated and described in Schedule (E.) hereunto annexed.

V. And be it enacted, That the Limits and Boundaries of all the Cities, Burghs, and Towns enumerated in any of the above-mentioned Schedules shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be taken and held to be according to the Description and Specification of such Limits and Boundaries set forth and contained in Schedule (M.) to this Act annexed; and all the Properties within the Boundaries therein specified shall hereafter, for the Purposes of this Act, be Parts of the said Cities, Burghs, and Towns, and not of the adjoining or of any other County: Provided always, that the following Rules shall be observed in the Construction of the several Descriptions of Boundaries contained in the said Schedule (M.) hereunto annexed; (that is to say,)

1. — That the Words " Northward/' " Southward, '* " Eastward, "

" Westward, 1* shall respectively be understood to denote only the general Direction in which any Boundary proceeds from the Point last described, and not that such. Boundary shall continue to proceed throughout in the same Direction to the Point next described:

2. — That when any Road is mentioned merely by the Name of the Place to which such Road leads, the principal Road thither from the City, Burgh, or Town of which the Boundary is in course of Description shall be understood:

3. That whenever a Line is said to be drawn from, to, through *

or in the Direction of, or any Distance to be measured from or to, an Object, such Line shall, in the Absence of any Direction to the contrary, be understood to be drawn- from, to, through, or in the Direction of, or such Distance to be measured from or to, the Centre of such Object, as nearly as the Centre thereof can be ascertained r

4. — That every Building through which or through any Part

whereof any Boundary hereby established shall pass shall be considered as within such Boundary: Provided always, that if the Boundaries of any Two or more of the Cities* Burghs, and Towns, whereof the Boundaries are hereby described, shall pass through the same Building or any Part thereof, such Building shall be considered as within, that One of such Two or more of the said Cities, Burghs, and Towns which was before the passing of this Act entitled to return Members or a Member to serve in Parliament; or if neither or more than One of such Two or more of the said Cities, Burghs, and Towns shall have been so entitled, then within that one of them whereof the Area hereby established is the smallest:

5. — -That whenever any Boundary by this Act established is

said to pass, or any Distance to be measured, along any Street, Road, Lane, or Loaning, or up, down, or along any River, Stream, Canal, or Burn, tlje Middle fas nearly as

the

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 65.

385

the same can be ascertained) of such Street, Road, Lane, Loaning, River, Stream, Canal, or Burn shall be understood:

6. — That the Middle of any Street, Road, or Lane shall be understood as the Middle of the Carriageway along the same:

7. — That when any Boundary by this Act established is said to

proceed, or any Distance to be measured, along a Street, Road, or Lane, or up, down, or along a River, from or to an Object, such Boundary shall be understood to proceed, or such Distance to be measured (as the Case may be) , from or to that Point in the Middle of such Road, Lane, or River from which the shortest Line would be drawn to the Centre of such Object, as nearly as the Centre thereof can be ascertained:

8. — That the Point at which any Wall, March, Boundary, Street,

Road, Lane, Loaning, Avenue, Railway, Walk, Path, River, Stream, Canal, or Burn is said to meet, join, cross, reach, or leave any March, Boundary, Street, Road, Lane, Loaning, Avenue, Railway, Walk, River, Stream, Canal, or Burn, shall be understood as that Point at which a Line passing along the Middle of the March, Boundary, Street, Road, Lane, Loaning, Avenue, Railway, Walk, River, Stream, Canal, or Burn so met, joined, crossed, reached, or left, would be intersected by a Line drawn along the Middle of the Wall, March, Boundary, Street, Road, Lane, Loaning, Avenue, Railway, Walk, Path, River, Stream, Canal, or Burn so meeting, joining, crossing, reaching, or leaving, if such Line were prolonged sufficiently' far; and that the Point at which any Burn or River joins any Firth or the Sea shall be understood as that Point at which a Line passing along the Low-water Mark of such Firth or the Sea would be cut by a Line to be drawn along the Middle of such Burn or River, if such Line were prolonged sufficiently far; and that the Point at which a Burn or Feeder joins a Loch shall be understood as that Point at which a Line drawn along the Shore of such Loch would be cut by a Line drawn thereto along the Middle of such Burn or Feeder:

9. — That when a Line is said to be drawn to a Road, Lane,

River, Stream, or Canal, such Line shall be considered as prolonged to the Middle of such Road, Lane, River, Stream, or Canal:

10. — That by the Words M Sea" and " Shore" shall be understood

the Low-water Mark:

11. -r-Ihat if any Deficiency shall be found to exist in the Line

of any Boundary described in the said Schedule to this Act annexed by reason of the Intervention of any Space between any Two immediately consecutive Points, such Deficiency shall be supplied by a straight Line to be drawn from the one to the other of such Two immediately consecutive Points.

VI. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act no Person shall acquire, by Succession, Purchase, Gift, 2&3 Gul.IV. Cc or

None hereafter to acquire Votes, except

386

C. 65.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

as herein-after provided; but Freeholders now enrolled in Shires to be entitled to vote for their Lives.

Qualification of County Voters.

Rule as to Life-renters and Fiars and joint Owners.

or otherwise, the Right of voting for a Member of Parliament, either in Shires, or in Cities, Burghs, or Towns, except by one or other of the Qualifications herein-after prescribed and directed: Provided always, that all Persons who at the passing of this Act shall be lawfully on the Roll of Freeholders of any Shire in Scotland, or who shall then be entitled to be put on such Roll, or who shall previous to the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one have become the Owners or Superiors of Lands affording the Qualification for being so enrolled, shall, so long as they retain the necessary Qualification on which they are now enrolled or are entitled to be enrolled as aforesaid, be entitled to be registered and to vote as hereinafter directed in the Election of a Member for such Shire.

VII. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act every Person, not subject to any legal Incapacity, shall be entitled to be registered as herein-after directed, and thereafter to vote at any Election for a Shire in Scotland, who, when the Sheriff proceeds to consider his Claim for Registration in the present or in any future Year, shall have been, for a Period of not less than Six Calendar Months next previous to the last Day of August in the present or the last Day of July in any future Year, the Owner (whether he has made up his Titles, or is infeft, or not,) of any Lands, Houses, Feu Duties, or other Heritable Subjects (except Debts heritably secured) within the said Shire, provided the Subject or Subjects on which he so claims shall be of the yearly Value of Ten Pounds, and shall actually yield or be capable of yielding that Value to the Claimant, after deducting any Feu Duty, Ground Annual, or other Consideration which he may be bound to pay or to give or account for as a Condition of his Right, provided he be, by himself, his Tenants, Vassals, or others, in possession of the said Subjects, and be either himself in the actual Occupation or in receipt of the Profits and Issues thereof to the Extent above mentioned: Provided always, that where the whole Profits and Issues of any such Subject do not arise annually, but at longer Intervals, the Worth and Amount of such occasional Profits shall be taken into Computation in estimating the annual Value: Provided also, that where any Property which would entitle the Owner to be registered and to vote as above shall come to any Person, within the said Period of Six Months, by Inheritance, Marriage, Marriage Settlement, or mortis causa Disposition, or by Appointment to any Place or Office, such Person shall be entitled to be registered on the first Occasion of making up the Lists of Voters, as herein-after provided, next following such Succession or Acquisition.

VIII. And be it enacted, That in Elections for Shires, where Two or more Persons are interested in any Subject to which a Right of voting is for the first Time attached by this Act, as Life-renter and as Fiar, the Right of voting shall be in the Life-renter, and not in the Fiar; and all Co-proprietors or joint Owners shall be entitled each to vote in respect of their joint Property within the Shire, provided the Share or Interest of each joint Owner so claiming on such Property is of the yearly Value of Ten Pounds, as above specified, but not otherwise: Provided also,

that

A.D. 1832.

2*&3 GULIELMI IV. C. 65.

38T

that Husbands shall be entitled to vote in respect of Property belonging to their Wives, or owned or possessed by such Husbands after the Death of their Wives by the Courtesy of Scotland.

IX. And be it enacted, That Tenants in Lands, Houses, or other Heritable Subjects shall also be entitled to be registered, and to vote at Elections for the Shires in which the said Heritable Subjects are situated, provided each Tenant (whether joint or several) when the Sheriff proceeds to consider his Claim for Registration, shall, for a Period of not less than Twelve Months next previous to the last Day of August in the present or the last Day of July in any future Year, have held such Subjects or Tenements, whether in his personal Possession or not, under a Lease or Leases, Missive of Lease, or other written Title, for a Period of not less than Fifty-seven Years (exclusive of Breaks) , at the Option of the Landlord, or for the Life-time of the said Tenant, where the clear yearly Value of such Tenant's Interest, after paying the Rent and any other Consideration due by him for his said Right, is not less than Ten Pounds, or for a Period of not less than Nineteen Years where the clear yearly Value of such Tenant's Interest is not less than Fifty Pounds, or where such Tenant shall, for the foresaid Period of Twelve Months, have been in the actual personal Occupancy of any such Subject, where the yearly Rent is not less than Fifty Pounds, or where the Tenant, whatever the Rent may be, has truly paid for his Interest in such Subject a Price, Grassum, or Consideration of not less than Three hundred Pounds: Provided always, that where, in any of these Cases, the Rent is payable in whole or in part in Grain, the Value shall be estimated according to the average Fiars of the Counties in which the Heritable Subjects are situated for the Three preceding Years, and where payable in any other Species of Produce, according to the average Market Prices of the Neighbourhood for the same Period; and the said Values being once so fixed at the Time of registering or refusing to register shall be held as settled for the whole Period of the Lease: Provided also, that where the Right to any such Lease as would entitle the Tenant to be registered and to vote as herein-before provided shall come to any Person, within the preceding/Twelve Calendar Months above specified, by Inheritance, Marriage, Marriage Settlement, or mortis causa Disposition, such Person shall be entitled to be registered on the first Occasion of making up the Lists of Voters, as herein-after provided, next following such Succession or Acquisition: Provided also, that no Sub-tenant or Assignee to any Sub-lease for Fifty-seven or Nineteen Years shall be entitled to be registered or to vote in respect of his Interest under such Lease unless he shall be in the actual Occupation of the Premises thereby set.

X. And be it enacted, That from and after the End of this present Parliament the Members who are to be returned to serve in any future Parliament for any single City, Town, or Burgh on which the Right of returning a Member or Members is by this Act conferred, shall no longer be elected by the Town Councils of such Cities, Burghs, or Towns, but directly by the several Individuals on whom the Right of electing such Members to serve in Parliament is by this Act conferred; and where the

C c 2 Election

Tenants possessing on Leases of a certain Description entitled to vote in Shires.

Right of voting for Burghs and Towns no longer to be in Town Councils and Delegates, but in qualified Inhabitants.

388

C. 65.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Occupants of Houses worth 10/. a Year entitled to vote in Cities, Burghs, and Towns.

Provision as to Premises occupied in succession, and as to joint Occupants.

Election is by Districts or Sets of Cities, Burghs, or Towns conjoined, the Right of electing shall no longer be in the Town Councils or Corporations of the said Cities, Burghs, or Towns, or inDelegates appointed by them, but in the Individual Voters on whom the Right of Election is by this Act conferred; and the Member to serve in Parliament for any such District shall be returned according to the Majority of individual Votes given in the whole District.

XI. And be it enacted, That every Person, not subject to any legal Incapacity, shall be entitled to be registered as herein-after directed, and to vote at Elections for any of the Cities, Burghs, or Towns, or Districts of Cities, Burghs, or Towns, herein-before mentioned, who, when the Sheriff proceeds to consider his Claim for Registration, shall have been, for a Period of not less than Twelve Calendar Months next previous to the last Day of August in the present or the last Day of July in any future Year, in the Occupancy, either as Proprietor, Tenant, or Life-renter, of any House, Warehouse, Counting-house, Shop, or other Building within the Limits of such City, Burgh, or Town, which either separately or jointly with any other House, Warehouse, Counting-house, Shop, or other Building within the same Limits, or with any Land owned and occupied by him, or occupied under the same Landlord, and also situate within the same Limits, shall be of the yearly Value of Ten Pounds: Provided always, that the Claimant shall have paid, on or before the Twentieth Day of August in the present or the Twentieth Day of July in any future , Year, all Assessed Taxes which shall have become payable by him in respect of such Premises previously to the Sixth Day of April then next preceding: Provided also, that no such Person shall be entitled to be registered or to vote in the present or any future Year unless he shall have resided for Six Calendar Months next previous to the last Day of August in the present or the last Day of July in any future Year within such City, Burgh, or Town, or within Seven Statute Miles of some Part thereof: Provided also, that Persons so resident shall be entitled to be registered and to vote if they are the true Owners of such Premises as'are herein-before mentioned, within such City, Burgh, nr Town, of the yearly Value of Ten Pounds or upwards, although they should not occupy any Premises within its Limits, or although the Premises actually occupied by them should be of less yearly Value than Ten Pounds; and that the Husbands of such Owners shall be entitled to vote, either in the Lifetime of their Wives, or after their Death, if then holding such Property by the Courtesy of Scotland: Provided also, that no Person shall be entitled to be registered or to vote for any City, Burgh, or Town, who shall have been in the Receipt of Parochial Relief within Twelve Calendar Months next previous to the last Day of August in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, or next previous to the last Day of July in any succeeding Year.

XII. And be it enacted, That the Premises in respect of which any Person shall be deemed entitled to be registered, and to vote in the Election for any City, Burgh, or Town, or District, shall not be required to have been the same Premises for the whole Twelve Months of his Occupancy, but may be different

Premises

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 65.

889

Premises (but always of the requisite Value) occupied in succession by such Person; provided always, that such Person shall have paid all the Assessed Taxes legally exigible from him in respect of all such Premises; and that where such Premises shall be of the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds or upwards, and shall be jointly occupied by more than One Person, each of such joint Occupiers shall be entitled to be registered and to vote, provided his Share and Interest in the same shall be of the yearly Value of Ten Pounds or upwards.

XIII. And be it enacted, That on or before the Twentieth Day of August in the present Year every Person claiming Right to vote, under any of the Qualifications herein-before specified, at any Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for any County in Scotland, shall give in a Claim, subscribed by himself or his Agent, to the Schoolmaster of that Parish of the County within which the Property (or the greater Part of it) on which he claims is situate, or in case of the Incapacity of such Schoolmaster, or of the Office being vacant, to any Person actually officiating as such Schoolmaster, or to the Schoolmaster of the next adjoining Parish whose Residence is nearest to the vacant School, which Claim shall be in the Form of the First Part of the Schedule (F.) to this Act annexed, printed Copies of which Forms or Schedules, with the necessary Blanks therein, to be filled up by the Claimant, every Sheriff Clerk is hereby required to provide, and to furnish to the Schoolmasters of the different Parishes within his County as speedily as possible after the passing of this Act, which several Schoolmasters shall furnish Copies of the same to all Applicants, upon Payment of the Sum of Sixpence only for each Copy; upon which Copies all the Claims to be given in shall be engrossed by the said Claimants; and each such Schoolmaster, upon receiving back such Claim, filled up and subscribed as above directed, shall immediately mark upon it the Time of its being so lodged and presented, by filling up and subscribing the printed Form at the Bottom, and forming the Second Part of the said Schedule (F.); and each such Schoolmaster shall, immediately after the said Twentieth Day of August, make up an Alphabetical List of the Names, Designations, and Places of Abode of all the Persons within his Parish for whom such Claims shall have been presented, and shall cause a Copy of such List to be affixed to the Door of the Church of such Parish on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of August in the present Year, and shall annex to each List so affixed a Notice of the Times when and the Places where the Sheriff shall begin to examine the Claims to which no Objections shall have been lodged, and also a distinct Notice to all Persons who may have claimed to be registered for the County, and intend to object to the Registration of any of the Persons named in the said List, to give in a Note of their Objections to the said Schoolmaster on or beforeathe Fifth Day of September next ensuing, which Note of Objections shall be signed by the Person for whom it is presented, or by an Agent on his Behalf, and shall be in the Form of the First Part of the Schedule (H.) to this Act annexed; and printed Copies of such Forms or Schedules shall be provided by each Sheriff Clerk, and distributed to the several Schoolmasters, by whom they shall be furnished to any

C c 3 Person

Qualified Persons in Counties to give in Claims to the Parish Schoolmasters.

bo(e

390

C. 65.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Sheriffsto hold Courts and decide on Claims.

Person applying, upon Payment of the Sum of Sixpence only for each Copy; and upon these Copies all the Objections shall be engrossed by the Objectors; and each such Schoolmaster shall, on receiving back the same, filled up and subscribed as above, mark thereon the true Date of its being so lodged and received, by filling up and subscribing the Second Part of the said Schedule (H.); and every such Objector shall, within Two Days after lodging such Objection, give Notice to the Party to whose Title he objects, by delivering to him, or forwarding to his Dwelling House, or transmitting to him or his known Agent through the Post Office, a Copy of the said Objections so given in; and Proof of such Notice having been given shall be made to the Sheriff before he enters on the Consideration of any such Objection; and no Claims or Objections as above shall be received by any Schoolmaster after the Expiration of the Time herein-before allowed and appointed for the giving in of such Claims and Objections respectively; and each such Schoolmaster shall, on or before the Eighth Day of September in this present Year, deliver or transmit to the Sheriff Clerk of the County the whole Claims and Objections so received by him, together with a Copy or Duplicate of the Alphabetical List of Claimants affixed by him to the Church Door of his Parish; and it shall be competent to any such Claimant who may conceive that his Right to be registered is established by a written Title, at any Time after giving in his Claim, and previous to the Tenth Day of September in this present Year, to deliver or transmit to the Sheriff Clerk any such Title, or Extract thereof, as he may wish so to deliver, for which the said Sheriff Clerk shall be bound to grant his Receipt: Provided always, that the Parishes of Tulliallan, Ctdross, and Logie in the County of Perth, and the Parish of Alva in the County of Stirling, shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be held to form Parts of the County of Clackmannan; and the Parishes of Mvckhart and Fossoway in the County of Perth shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be held to form Parts of the County of Kinross; and all Claims and Objections and Titles relating to Properties situate in any of these Parishes shall be delivered or transmitted to the Sheriff Clerks of Clackmannan and Kinross respectively; and that all Claims, Objections, and Titles relating to Properties in the several Districts of Orkney and Shetland shall be delivered or transmitted to the Sheriff Clerks of Orkney and of Shetland . respectively.

XIV. And be it enacted, That each Sheriff shall, between the Twelfth Day of September and the Fifteenth Day of October in the present Year, - examine and decide upon the Merits of all Claims for Registration within his County; and that for this Purpose the Sheriffs of the Counties of Aberdeen, Ayr, Argyle> Fife, Inverness, Lanark, Forfar, Perth, Renfrew, and Ross and Cromarty shall hold open Courts during this Period at not less than Three several Towns or Places in their said Counties, including therein such Towns or other Places where the Sheriffs or their Substitutes have been in use to hold their ordinary Courts, where there are such Places; and the Sheriffs in all the other Counties shall hold open Courts at not less than Two several Places, which Places shall be so selected as to be most convenient for the

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 65.

391

the Claimants in the different Districts of the said Counties; and each Sheriff shall, on or before the Fifteenth Day of August in the present Year, deliver to the Sheriff Clerk a written Notice of the Days, within the Period above mentioned, on which he is to hold his Courts for the Purpose of such Registrations at each of the said Places in the County, Copies of which Notice shall be transmitted by the Sheriff Clerks to each of the Town Clerks and Parish Schoolmasters in the County on or before the Eighteenth Day of the said Month of August.

XV. And be it enacted, That on or before the said Twentieth Day of August in this present Year every Person claiming a Right to vote for a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for any City, Burgh, or Town, or District of Cities, Burghs, or Towns, in Scotland, shall give in a Claim subscribed by himself or his Agent, and accompanied by such written Title as he may choose to produce, to the Town Clerk of the City, Burgh, or Town within which the Premises in respect of which he so claims are situate, provided there be at the Time a Town Clerk appointed and officiating for such Town, which Claim shall be in all respects in the same Form as is herein-before directed as to Claims to vote for a County, and shall be issued, received back, marked, and entered in a Book or Register by the Town Clerk on the same Terms and in the same Manner in all respects as the Claims for County Votes are herein-before directed to be issued, received back, marked, and entered by the several Parish Schoolmasters and Sheriff Clerks of each County: Provided always, that where the Limits of any City, Burgh, or Town as described in the Schedule (M.) to this Act annexed, shall include the Whole or Part of any other Burgh or Town, the whole Claims arising within such Limits shall be given in to the Clerk of the principal City, Burgh, or Town specified and described in such Schedule, and not to the Clerks of any of the subordinate Burghs or Towns partly or wholly included within the said Limits: Provided also, that where there is no Town Clerk in any such Burgh or Town, the Claims made in respect of Properties situate in such Burgh or Town shall be given in to a Person resident within such Burgh or Town, to be nominated by the Sheriff of the County within Fifteen Days after the passing of this Act.

XVI. And be it enacted, That each Town Clerk shall prepare an Alphabetical List of the Names, Designations, and Places of Abode of all the Persons within the City, Burgh, or Town of which he is Clerk for whom such Claim shall have been presented, and shall, on or before the Twenty-sixth Day of August in this present Year, cause a Copy of such Part of such List as includes the Claimants within each Parish to be affixed on or near the Door of the Church of every such Parish within such Burgh or Town, annexing to each such List a Notice to Persons intending to object, to give in their Objections to the said Town Clerk on or before the Tenth Day of September next ensuing, and also a Notice of the Time when and Place where the Sheriff of the County within which such City, Burgh, or Town may be situate will begin to examine the Claims to which no Objections shall be lodged; and all such Objections shall be framed in the same Terms, and issued and received back by the said Town Clerk,

C c 4 in

Claims for Votes in Burghs to be given in to Town Clerk.

Lists to be published by, and Objections lodged with, the Town Clerks.

392

C. 65.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Sheriff to dispose first of Claims not objected to.

in all respects, on the same Considerations and in the same Way and Manner as is herein-before provided as to the Objections against Claims of Registration for the County so to be issued and dealt with by the Schoolmasters in such County; and the same Notices shall be given by the Parties objecting to the Party objected to as is provided in regard to such Claims for the County; and no Town Clerk shall receive any Claim or Objection after the Expiration of the Time before allowed and appointed for giving in such Claims and Objections respectively.

XVII. And be it enacted, That upon the Twelfth Day of September in this present Year each Sheriff Clerk and each Town Clerk of any City, Burgh, or Town within any One County, or any Two Counties or Parts df Counties united for the Purposes of this Act, shall lay before the Sheriff the several Claims and Objections which have been received by any of the said Clerks, together with the Titles or Documents which may have been lodged along with any of those Claims; and the said Sheriff shall forthwith proceed to examine the Claims to which no Objections have been lodged, and which have been supported by Production of a written Title, in the Order, as nearly as possible, in which they were presented; and whenever he is satisfied that the Title so produced does of itself afford primd facie Evidence of the Validity of the Claim, he shall write upon the Claim the Word " Admit," and mark the same with his Hnitials, and forthwith return the said Claim to the Sheriff Clerk or the Town Clerk by whom it was presented, which several Clerks shall then enter the Claimant in the Books or Registers of qualified Voters to be kept by them for the County, and for the several Burghs within the County respectively, in the Alphabetical Order of the Voters Names, the Names of the County Voters in each Parish being entered in a separate Alphabetical Series, and in the Form of the Schedule (G.) to this Act annexed; and the said Sheriff Clerk and Town Clerks shall there sign each Entry with their Initials, and each Page of the Register with their Names, and shall furnish a signed Copy of such Entry to each Voter, or to any Person who may require it, upon Payment of the Sum of Sixpence only for each such Copy; and immediately after all the Claims of this Description which appear sufficiently established have been admitted the Sheriff shall proceed to the Consideration of the other Claims to which no Objections have been given in, but which have either not been accompanied by any written Title, or where the Titles produced do not appear to him to afford primd facie Evidence in their Favour, and that in the Order of the Dates on which they were severally presented, and shall summarily inquire into and examine the Evidence by which the Parties or their Agents may then be prepared to support them, by the Examination of written Documents, Witnesses, or Oath or Declaration of Parties, or otherwise, as the Case may require or admit of; and when the said Sheriff is satisfied that any Claimant has made out a primd facie Case in support of his Claim, he shall write upon it the Word " Admit," and mark it with his Initials, and return it to the Sheriff Clerk or the several Town Clerks as herein-before provided, who shall thereupon enter the Claimant in the Register in the same Manner and to

the

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 65.

393

the same Effect as is above provided as to admitted Claims of the first Description; but when the Sheriff is not satisfied that there is prima facie Evidence to support any such Claim, he shall write upon it the Word " Reject," and mark it with his Initials as above, and return the same to the said Clerks, to be kept by them till applied for by the Parties presenting the same or their Agents, to whom, upon such Application, they shall be forthwith delivered.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That when the Sheriff has in Sheriff to bear

manner aforesaid gone through and disposed of all the Claims to Parties on Ob-which no Objections are offered, he shall proceed to consider and to

hear the Parties or their Agents upon the several Claims to which aims' Objections are lodged, and that in the Order of the Dates of presenting the said Claims, and shall hear and receive all competent Evidence which either Party may produce in support of his Claim

or Objection respectively; and where he is satisfied that the Claim is well founded, he shall write on it the Word " Admit," authenticated as above, and return it to the Clerk for Registration, as in the other Cases of Admission already provided for; and where he is satisfied that it is not well founded, he shall mark it with the Word " Reject," and deal with it in other respects as with the rejected Claims herein already provided for:

Provided always, that in all Cases where no Party shall appear to support a Claim to which Objections have been lodged, it shall be rejected upon the Sheriff being satisfied that a prima facie Case has been made out in support of the Objection; and where no Party .shall appear to maintain his Objection, the Claim to which it applies shall be dealt with as if no Objection had been lodged against it, and shall be admitted if the Sheriff is satisfied that a prima fade Case has been made out in support of it.

XIX. And be it enacted, That no written Pleadings shall in No written any Case be allowed in support of Claims or Objections; but Pleadings to when the Sheriff shall reject any Claim to which no Objection ^llowed on has been offered, and when he shall hear Parties upon any Claim auns *

to which any Objection has been offered, he shall make a Note of the Statement of Fact, and of the Pleas founded on, and of the Names of the Witnesses, and shall affix his Signature to the Deeds,

Writings, and other Documents produced by the Parties in support of such Claim or Objection; and it shall not be competent to support any Appeal upon any Ground of Fact or of Law not set forth in such Note of the Sheriff, or to produce any Witnesses not named in the said Note, or any Deeds, Writings, or other Documents to which the Signature of the said Sheriff is not affixed.

XX. And be it enacted, That on or before the Fifteenth Day Registers to

of October in the present Year each Sheriff Clerk shall complete completed his Alphabetical Lists or Registers of Voters for the County: .th, n crtain Provided always, that on or before the said Fifteenth Day of ere"

October each Sheriff Clerk, being the Keeper of the Roll of Freeholders for the County of which he is Clerk, shall transfer

the Names of all the Freeholders standing on such Roll after the passing of this Act to the said Lists or Registers of Voters, without requiring any Claim to be presented on behalf of such

Freeholders;

C. 65.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Registers for Burghs, &c. to be completed within certain Times thereafter.

Sheriffs shall annually revise and correct their Registers.

Freeholders; and if any Election shall take place for such County before the said Register shall be corrected at the next yearly Revisa], as herein-after provided, the Votes at this First Election shall be taken according to this First Alphabetical Register, an authenticated Copy or Copies of which shall accordingly be sent for this Purpose to each of the Polling Places appointed for the County: Provided always, that at all future Elections which shall take place after the yearly Correction of such Registers, the Votes shall be taken according to the last completed Register, as herein-after mentioned.

XXI. And be it enacted, That on or before the Twelfth Day of October in the present Year each Town Clerk shall complete his Alphabetical List or Register of Votes for the City, Burgh, or Town of which he is Clerk; and that wherever such City, Burgh, or Town is one of a District contributing with other Burghs for the Return of a Member to Parliament, and is not the Burgh at which the Writ is to be proclaimed and the Election held, the Town ClerkJshall, within Three Days after the said Twelfth Day of October, make up and transmit an authenticated Copy or Duplicate of such List or Register to the Town Clerk of the City, Burgh, or Town at which it is herein-after provided that the Election shall take place; and the Town Clerk of the said principal or returning Burgh, after having received such Duplicates from the other Burghs of the District, shall forthwith combine and reduce the whole into One List or Register of Voters for the whole District, those for each Burgh being always kept together, to be kept by him in the said principal Burgh, for the Purpose of Reference and Inspection; and if any Election shall take place for such District before the said Registers shall be corrected at the next yearly Revisal, as herein-after provided, the Votes at such Election shall be taken in each Burgh according to their First Alphabetical Registers for such Burgh, the Originals or authenticated Copies of which shall accordingly be sent to each of the Polling Places that may be appointed in each such Burgh: Provided always, that in all future Elections the Votes shall be taken according to the last completed and corrected Register, as herein-after enacted.

XXII. And be it enacted, That each Sheriff shall once [every Year after the present Year examine and correct his said Registers; and each Sheriff Clerk and Town Clerk within the County shall for this Purpose, in the Month of June, and between the Tenth and Twentieth Days thereof in every such future Year, give public Notice, by Advertisements affixed to the Church Doors of all the Country, Burgh, and Town Churches within the Shire respectively, and also, if they shall see Cause, by Advertisement in the Newspaper of greatest reputed Circulation in the Shire, to all Persons intending to claim to be registered, or to object to the Title of any Voter already on the Register, to give in their sevisal Claims, Titles, and Objections to the Schoolmasters and Town Clerks, as such Claims, Titles, and Objections respectively are by this Act directed or authorized to be given in, and that in the Forms already provided by Schedules (F.) and (H.) to this Act annexed, on or before the Twentieth Day of July then next ensuing, after which no such Claims or Objections shall be

received;

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 65.

395

received; and when the new Claims are so given in, the Schoolmasters, and the Sheriff and the Sheriff Clerk, and several Town Clerks, within each County, shall deal with and dispose of them in the same Order and Manner, both as to Publication of the Claims and Notices to Objectors, and as to the Periods or Intervals at which they shall severally be received, notified, and disposed of, as is above provided with regard to the first or original Claims for Registration under this Act; (that is to say,) that in so far as relates to Claimants for Counties, the several Schoolmasters shall affix the Lists of such new Claimants, with the Notices hereinbefore directed, to the Church Doors on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of July in each such Year; that all Objections to such Claims shall be given in to such Schoolmasters on or before the Fifth Day of August thereafter; that the Claims and Objections shall be delivered or transmitted to the Sheriff Clerks on or before the Eighth Day of the said Month of August in each such Year, the Claimants being at liberty to lodge their written Titles with the Sheriff Clerk at any Time previous to the Tenth Day of the said Month; and that the whole Claims, Objections, and Titles shall be laid before the Sheriff on or before the Twelfth Day of that Month, who shall decide upon their Merits between that Day and the Fifteenth Day of September thereafter; and that, in so far as regards Claimants in Burghs, the several Town Clerks shall affix the Lists of new Claimants, with the Notices hereinbefore directed, to the Church Doors of their Burghs on or before the Twenty-sixth Day of July in each such Year; that the Objections to such Claims shall be given in on or before the Tenth Day of August thereafter; and that the whole Claims, Objections, and Titles shall be laid before the Sheriff on or before the Twelfth Day of the said Month of August, who shall examine and decide upon the same on or before the Fifteenth Day of September in each such Year; the said Sheriffs always proceeding to Three or to Two several Places, as above provided, in their several Counties, and notifying to the Sheriff Clerk, on or before the Fifteenth Day of July in each such Year, the Days at which they are to hold their Courts at each of the said Places, of which Days written Notice shall be given by the Sheriff Clerks to each Town Clerk and Parish Schoolmaster in the County on or before the Eighteenth Day of July in each such Year: Provided always, that the Sheriffs shall upon this Occasion correct any Mistakes or Omissions which may be pointed out or discovered in the Renters in the Name, Residence, or Condition of any Person already registered or otherwise; and each Sheriff Clerk shall for this Purpose be obliged to keep a correct Copy of the Register for the County at some convenient Place in the head Burgh of the Shire (the Town of Lerwick in Shetland being held for this Purpose the head Burgh for that Part of the County) , and each Town Clerk shall keep & Copy of the Register for his Burgh at some convenient Place in the said Burgh, which several Registers shall, for a Period of Ten Days next after the Twentieth Day of June in each Year, be open to the Inspection of all Persons who may desire to see the same, without Payment of any Fee for such Inspection; and each Sheriff shall, on or before the Fifteenth Day of September

yearly,

C. 65.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Sheriff's Judgments to be liable to review.

For disposing of Appeals arising on the first or original Registration.

yearly, have his said Registers finally corrected and completed, and arranged as above directed in the Alphabetical Order of the Voters Names, with the several Columns of Particulars thereto annexed, as in the Schedule (G.) to this Act annexed; and after the said Fifteenth Day of September no Change shall be made by any Sheriff on his Registers for that Year, except only in consequence of the Judgment of one or other of the Courts of Review herein-after provided: Provided always, that in case any of the Days herein-before mentioned shall happen to be a Sunday or other Holiday on which no Business is usually transacted, then and in that Case the several Acts and Proceedings appointed to take place on such Days shall take place on the Day next ensuing.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That the Sheriff's Judgments, granting or refusing Registration, shall, so long as they remain unaltered, be conclusive of the Rights of Parties claiming or objecting as above, but that it shall be competent to any Party considering himself aggrieved by any such Judgment to appeal and apply for an Alteration thereof, he always giving Notice in Writing to the Sheriff Clerk or Town Clerk, and to the opposite Party where the Claim has been disputed, of such his Intention to appeal, within Five Days after the Judgment complained of, and producing Evidence of such Notice to the Judge of Appeal before entering on its Merits.

XXIV. And in order that the greater Number of Appeals which may be expected to be given in after the First General Registration under this Act may be more easily and expeditiously disposed of, be it enacted, That the Sheriffs of Elgin and Naim, Inverness, and Orkney and Shetland, shall form a Court of Review for deciding upon all such Appeals as may be taken from the Judgments pronounced in this present Year on any such Claim for Registration, under this Act, by the Sheriffs of any of these Three Counties, or by the Sheriffs of the Counties of Caiihnessy Sutherland, Ross and Cromarty, and Banff; and that the Sheriffs of Aberdeen, Argyle, and Perth shall form a Court of Review for deciding upon all such Appeals as may be taken from the Judgments pronounced in this present Year on any such Claim for Registration, under this Act, by the Sheriffs of any of these Three Counties, or by the Sheriffs of the Counties of Forfar, Kincardine, or Fife; and that the Sheriffs of Lanark, Ayr, and Stirling shall form a Court of Review for deciding upon all such Appeals as may be taken from the Judgments pronounced in this present Year on any such Claim for Registration, under this Act, by the Sheriffs of any of these Three Counties, or by the Sheriffs of the Counties of Dumbarton, Kinross, and Clackmannan and Buie; and that the Sheriffs of Renfrew, Kirkcudbright, and Dumfries shall form a Court of Review for deciding on all such Appeals as may be taken from the Judgments pronounced in this present Year on any such Claim for Registration, under this Act, by the Sheriffs of any of these Three Counties, or by the Sheriffs of the Counties of Peebles, Selkirk, and Wigton; and that the Sheriffs of Edinburgh, Linlithgow, and Berwick shall form a Court of Review for deciding upon such Appeals as may be taken from the Judgments pronounced in this present Year on any such Claim

for

A.D. 1832. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV,

C. 65.

397

for Registration, under this Act, by the Sheriffs of any of these Three Counties, or by the Sheriffs of the Counties of Roxburgh and Haddington; and each Three of the Sheriffs above named, as joint Judges of Appeal for the Counties herein above specified, shall, within Eight Days after the said First Registers shall be completed as herein-before provided, proceed upon a Circuit into the District as to which they are hereby constituted Judges of Appeal, and shall repair successively to the County Town, and to at least One other Town in each of the Counties, in each such District, (excepting always combined Counties, which shall for this Purpose be held but as One County, and excepting also the County of Orkney and Shetland, for which the Court of Review shall be held only at Kirkwall in Orkney,) and shall there hear and determine on all such Appeals, Notice having been given by Advertisements in the Newspapers of the different Places at which they are successively to hold their Courts, and of the Days respectively on which their said Courts are to be opened in each Place; and in case of the necessary Absence of any of the Three Sheriffs herein-before mentioned, the remaining Two shall be a Quorum for judging in such Appeals; but in case of their differing in Opinion, they shall be obliged to refer the Case for the Judgment of the Sheriff who shall be absent; and in the Event of any of the Sheriffs herein named as Judges of Appeal being incapacitated or dying, and no Successor being appointed, after the passing of this Act, and before the Time arrives for holding the Courts of Appeal herein-before directed, the Lord President of the Court of Session shall appoint some other Sheriff to act in his Place, who shall act and proceed accordingly; and no written Pleadings shall be allowed before such Courts of Review, nor any Record be made up of their Proceedings, and no written Sentence shall be pronounced, except by One of the said Sheriffs writing the Word " Admit" or " Reject" (as the Case may be) on the Claim in dispute, and by him and the other Sheriffs subscribing their Names to the Word so written: Provided always, that it shall be competent for such Sheriffs acting as Judges of Appeal to find the Appellant liable in Costs when they affirm the Judgment appealed from, and to modify and decern for the same; on which Decerniture the Respondent shall be entitled to enforce Payment as of an ordinary Debt, within the County where the disputed Claim was presented; and the Judgments of such Sheriffs on all such Appeals shall be pronounced on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of November in this present Year, and shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, and not liable to any Process of Review, and shall, whenever they vary or reverse the Judgment complained of, be, upon their Production subscribed as above, a Warrant for the Sheriff who made up the Register to alter and correct his Registers in conformity thereto, and he shall so alter and correct them accordingly, and shall have the said Registers completed with such Corrections on or before the Thirtieth Day of November in this present Year.

XXV. And be it enacted, That whenever any Party shall be Appeals from dis-satisfied with any Judgment of a Sheriff, admitting or refusing Sheriffs Judg-Registration, or expunging or refusing to expunge any Namps ments on any

C. 65.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

tration to be to Sheriffs liable in attendance at Circuit Courts of Justiciary.

already on his Register, at any of the annual Registrations and Corrections herein-before directed to be held in any future Year, it shall be competent for any such Party, wherever the County of such Sheriff is within any Circuit of the Court of Justiciary, to appeal from such Judgment to the Sheriffs liable in attendance at such Circuit for the District within which such County is situate, which Sheriffs, or some Three of their Number, shall remain at or return to the Circuit Town of such District after the Autumnal Circuit in each such Year, and there begin to hold their Court for disposing of such Appeals on some Day between the Fifteenth and Twenty-fifth Days of September in each such Year, of which Day Notice shall, One Week before, be given by Advertisement in the Newspaper of greatest Circulation within each such County, and the said Sheriffs shall there finally determine all such Appeals on or before the Twentieth Day of October thereafter; the Sheriffdom of Orkney and Shetland being always held for this Purpose to be within the District of Inverness, and the Sheriff, when present, being entitled to act as a Judge of Appeal: Provided always, that where the Sheriffs liable in attendance at any such Circuit are fewer than Three, or where any of them is unavoidably prevented from attending by Sickness or other accidental Cause, the Judge or Judges at the said Autumnal Circuit shall nominate and appoint One or more other Sheriffs, or Advocates of not less than Four Years standing, to act along with the attending Sheriffs, so as that there shall always be Three Judges in such Court of Review; and with regard to the Judgments pronounced in such annual Registrations by the Sheriffs of the Counties of Edinburgh, Haddington, or Linlithgow respectively, the Appeal shall be to the Sheriffs of the Three said Counties jointly, and they are hereby required to hold a Court for this Purpose at Edinburgh, at some Time previously announced, between the Fifteenth and Twenty-fifth Days of September in each Year, and finally to determine on all Appeals on or before the Twentieth Day of October thereafter: Provided always, that in the Event of the Sickness or unavoidable Absence of any of the said Three Sheriffs, it shall be competent to the Lord President of the Court of Session, on the Application of any of the said Sheriffs, to appoint some other Sheriff, or Advocate of Four Years standing, to act and officiate in place of the Sheriff so incapacitated; and the Judgments of the said Courts of Review shall in all Cases be final and conclusive, and liable to no Process of Review, and shall, whenever they reverse or vary the Judgments of the Sheriff appealed from, be Warrants to him to alter and correct his Registers in conformity thereto, and he shall, on such Judgments being made known to him by the Parties, alter and correct such Registers accordingly: Provided always, that no Alteration of the Sheriffs Judgments, either by the Courts of Review above named, or by any other .Judges of Appeal, shall affect the Merits of any Election actually completed and carried through before the Date of such Alteration, except in so far as Effect may be given to such Alteration by any Committee of the Commons Hou^e of Parliament to which a Petition against such Election may be referred: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall be held to

5 limit

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 65.

399

limit or restrain the Powers of such Committee to take into Consideration the Validity of any Vote or Claim for Registration admitted or rejected by the Sheriff of the Judges of Appeal, and to alter the Register, Poll, or Return accordingly, in so far as concerns the Election petitioned against: Provided also, that in all Proceedings before such Committee for determining the Validity of any Election for Scotland, all Deeds, Instruments, Extracts, or other Writings which are probative by the Law of Scotland shall be deemed and taken to be probative, and shall be received in Evidence by such Committee, without Proof of the Execution, Signing, or Examination thereof, in the same Manner as such Deeds, Instruments, Extracts, or other Writings are now admitted in Courts of Law and Equity in Scotland.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That in all Elections after the End of this present Parliament, every qualified Person whose Name shall appear in the last corrected Register, and none other, shall be entitled to vote; and it shall not be competent to inquire on that Occasion into any other Facts except those of the Party tendering the Vote being truly the Individual mentioned in the said Register, of his being still possessed of the Qualification there recorded, on his own Account, and not in Trust for or at the Pleasure of any other Person, and of his not having previously voted at that Election: Provided always, that the Inquiry into these Facts shall, on this Occasion, be confined to the putting to the Person so tendering his Vote, if the Sheriff shall be required so to do on behalf of any Candidate, an Oath, or, if he be a Quaker or Moravian, a solemn Affirmation, in the Form of the Schedule (I.) to this Act annexed; and it shall not be competent at any such Poll or Election to put to any registered Voter any other Oath or Affirmation whatsoever, except only an Oath or Affirmation against Bribery, which, if required on the Part of any Candidate, shall then be put by the Sheriff in the Form of Schedule (K.) to this Act annexed: Provided always, that any Person who has claimed to be registered, but whose Claim has been rejected by the Sheriff or Court of Review, may, notwithstanding, tender his Vote at any Election where such Register is in force, and the Sheriff or his Substitute shall enter any Vote so tendered, with the Name of the Person for whom it is given, distinguishing the same from the Votes given by Persons on the Register, so that it may be in the Power of any Election Committee to give effect to such Vote in deciding upon the Validity of any disputed Election; but no Scrutiny shall be allowed by or before any Returning Officer with regard to any Votes given or tendered at any such Election.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That within Three Months after the passing of this Act each Sheriff shall divide his County into convenient Districts for polling, following, as nearly as possible, the Boundaries of Parishes, Baronies, or other known Subdivisions, and shall appoint a particular Polling Place for each such District, which Place shall be selected so as to be most accessible to the Voters in the District; and such Polling Places shall in no Case be more in Number than Fifteen for any One County, and shall be so arranged as that no more than Six hundred Persons or thereabouts shall poll at any Election at any One Place; and

each

Registered Voters only to be allowed to rote.

Limitation of Inquiry at Elections.

Sheriffs shall divide their Counties into Districts for polling, and appoint Polling Places.

C. 65.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Town Clerks shall appoint Polling Places in Cities and Burghs.

Voters to poll in the District where the Property which gives the Qualification lies.

Proviso as to certain Burghs.

Regulations

respecting

contested

Elections.

Writs to b6 addressed to Sheriffs, who shall fix and notify Day of Election.

each Town Clerk shall, in like Manner, appoint One Polling Place in every City, Burgh, or Town of which he is Clerk, in which the Number of Voters does not exceed Six hundred or thereabouts, and shall, wherever the Number of registered Voters in any such City, Burgh, or Town shall exceed Six hundred or thereby, divide the said City, Burgh, or Town into convenient Districts, and appoint a convenient Polling Place in each such District, so as that no more than about Six hundred Persons shall poll at any Election at any such Place; and each Sheriff Clerk shall, within Fourteen Days after the Sheriff has so divided his County into Districts for polling, make up a distinct List of the said Districts and the Polling Place appointed in each, and shall cause Copies of the said Lists to be affixed to the Doors of all the Country Parish Churches in his County; and each Town Clerk shall, within the same Period, affix Lists of the Polling Place or Polling Places within his Burgh to all the Church Doors within the same; and every Voter shall poll at the Polling Place of the District within which the Premises, or any Part of them, in respect of which he claims to vote may be situate, except only where such Polling Place shall be in an Island distant more than Ten Miles from the Mainland of any County, in which Case the Voters not resident in such Island may poll at the Polling Place for the District in which the County Town is included: Provided always, that with respect to the contiguous Burghs of AnstnUher East, Anstruther West, and Kilrenny, the Town Clerk of AnstnUher East shall appoint One Polling Place within the said Burgh of Anstruther East for the whole of the said Three Burghs, which Place shall be notified in manner herein provided, and all the Voters in the said Three Burghs shall poll at the Polling Place so appointed; and at any contested Election the Sheriff shall, if required by any of the Candidates, direct Two or more Booths, or Halls, Rooms, or other Places for polling, to be provided at each Polling Place; and all Polls shall be taken, both at Elections for Shires, and for Cities, Burghs, and Towns, under the Superintendence of the Sheriff, or of a Substitute or Substitutes named by him, which Substitutes the Sheriff is hereby empowered to name at his own Discretion, without observing the Forms necessary in the Appointment of ordinary Substitutes receiving Salaries; and each Substitute so superintending a Polling Place shall have the Assistance of a Clerk or of Clerks, to be appointed by the Sheriff, with the Concurrence of the Candidates, if they can agree, and by the Sheriff Clerk of the County in case of their not agreeing; and each Poll Clerk shall have with him at the Polling Place an authenticated Copy of the Register for that District of the Shire, or of the City, Burgh, or Town, or Cities, Burghs, or Towns, attached to each such Polling Place, entitled to share in the Election within the said Shire, as the Case may be, alphabetically arranged as herein directed, according to which Copy the Votes shall be taken.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That Writs for the Election of Members to serve for Shires, or for any City, Burgh, or Town entitled to send a Member or Members for itself, shall be directed as heretofore to the Sheriff of the Shire; and where the Election is for a District of Cities, Burghs, or Towns, a Writ shall be

directed

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 65.

401

directed to the Sheriff specified in Schedule (L.) hereunto annexed, and shall be proclaimed, as herein-after directed, at the Town specified in the said Schedule (L.) for each of the said Districts respectively; and each Sheriff shall endorse on the Back of the Writ the Day on which he received it, and shall within Three Days thereafter announce a Day or Days, which Day or Days shall (except only in the Case of Orkney as hereinafter provided) not be less than Ten nor more than Sixteen Days after that on which the Writ was received, for the Election or Elections within his Shire, and shall give due Intimation thereof by printed or written Notices affixed on the Doors of all the Parish Churches (except as herein-after excepted) within the County, when the Election is for a County, and of all the Parish Churches in the City, Burgh, or Town, or Cities, Burghs, or Towns, when the Election is for a Town or District of Towns, and also, where he thinks this expedient, by Advertisement in the Newspaper or Newspapers of greatest Circulation in the County or District.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That on the Day named by the Sheriff for the Election for the Shire the Sheriff shall repair to the Market Cross or some other convenient and open Place in or immediately adjoining the County Town, and shall there publicly proclaim the Writ by reading it; provided always, that the Writ for the United Counties of Clackmannan and Kinross shall be proclaimed at the Town of Dollar; and that the Writ for the united Counties of Elgin and Naim shall be proclaimed at the Town of Forres; and that the Writ for the united Counties of Ross and Cromarty shall be proclaimed at the Town of Dingwall; and if no more than One Candidate shall at the Time of such Proclamation be proposed for the Choice of the Electors, he shall, upon a Show of Hands, forthwith declare the Person so put in Nomination to be duly elected; but if more Candidates shall be proposed, and a Poll is demanded, the Proceedings shall be adjourned for a Period to be named by the Sheriff, but not exceeding Two free Days, exclusive of Saturdays and Sundays, and the Polling shall commence at the Places previously intimated, at Nine of the Clock of the Day that shall be named.

XXX. And be it enacted, That where the Election shall be for any City, Burgh, or Town, or District of Cities, Burghs, or Towns, the Sheriff to whom, as herein-before directed, the Writ shall have been addressed, shall, on the Day and Hour previously named by him for such Election, repair to the Market Cross or some other convenient and open Place in or immediately adjoining any Town or Burgh sending a Member by itself, or that Town of any District at which, as herein-before directed, the Writ for the whole District is to be proclaimed, and shall there publicly proclaim the Writ by reading it; and if no more Candidates shall be proposed for the Choice of the Electors than there are Vacancies to be filled up, he shall declare the Person or Persons put in Nomination to be duly elected, on a Show of Hands; it being always competent for any registered Voter residing or having his Qualification in any other City, Burgh, or Town of the District to repair to the Place where the Writ is thus proclaimed, and to put any Person in Nomination, provided that Voter shall first

2 & 3 Gul. IV. D d satisfy

Order of Proceedings at Elections for Counties;

Order of Proceedings at Elections for Cities, Burghs, and Towns.

C. 65.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

4# *

Extension of Time for Return of Writ for the Election of a Member for Orkney.

Polls only to be kept open Two Days.

Order and Manner of polling.

satisfy the Sheriff that he is truly registered, by producing an Extract of his Registration, and by taking, if required, the Oath in Schedule (I.) annexed; but if more Candidates shall be proposed than there are Vacancies to be filled up, and a Poll shall be demanded, the Proceedings shall be Adjourned for not more than Three free Days, exclusive of Saturdays and Sundays: Provided always, that in the District including the Town of Kirkwall in Orkney the Adjournment may be made for any Period not exceeding Seven free Days; and the Sheriff who proclaimed the Writ, having thus fixed one particular Day on which the Polls are to take place in all the Burghs of the District, shall forthwith send a written Notice to each Sheriff within whose Shire any City, Burgh, or Town of the District is situate, that a Poll has been demanded, and also of the Day on which it is to begin; and each such Sheriff shall accordingly appoint such a Number of Substitutes and Clerks as may be necessary to assist or officiate as before provided at each of the Polling Places provided in any of the Cities, Burghs, or Towns of such Districts within his County; and the polling shall begin at each such Polling Place at Nine of the Clock of the Day so appointed, and shall proceed thereafter as herein-after provided.

XXXI. And in respect of the remote Situation of certain Parts of the County of Orkney and Shetland, and the occasional Difficulty of Communication therewith, be it enacted, That the Sheriff of Orkney to whom the Writ for the Election of a Member for the said County shall be addressed at Kirkwall shall, within Twenty-four Hours after receiving the same, issue a Precept to the Sheriff Substitute in Shetland, fixing a Day for the Election for the said County, which Day shall not be less than Twelve nor more than Sixteen Days after that on which the Writ was received, and shall forward or transmit the said Precept, with the least possible Delay, directly to the said Sheriff Substitute in Shetland, who, immediately on Receipt thereof, shall announce the Day of Election by Notices on the Church Doors; and if on the Day of Election more Candidates than One shall be put in Nomination, and a Poll shall be demanded, the Sheriff shall then adjourn the Proceedings for a Period of not less than Ten or more than Fourteen Days, and shall within Twenty-four Hours dispatch Notice of this Adjournment to the Sheriff Substitute of Shetland, as in the Case above provided for; and the polling shall commence accordingly at the different Polling Places in both Parts of the County on the Day to which the Proceedings are adjourned, and shall proceed as herein-after directed, as in other Cases of polling.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That no Poll at any Election, either for a County, or a City, Burgh, or Town, or District of Cities, Burghs, or Towns, shall be directed to begin on a Saturday, or shall be kept open for more than Two consecutive Days, and that only between the Hours of Nine in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon for the First Day, and between the Hours of Eight in the Morning and Four of the Afternoon for the Second Day: Provided always, that the Poll at any one Place may be closed before the Termination of the said Two Days if all the Candidates or their Agents and the Sheriff shall agree in so

13 closing

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 65.

403

closing it: Provided also, that where the Proceedings at any Election shall be obstructed by any Riot or open Violence, the Sheriff, or his Substitute at the Place where the Riot has occurred, may adjourn the Poll at that Place to the following Day or some other convenient Time, and if necessary may repeat such Adjournment till such Obstruction shall have ceased, he always giving Notice to the Sheriff who is to make the Return of such Adjournment having been made; and any Day where the Poll shall have been so adjourned at any Polling Places shall not be reckoned One of the Two Days of polling within the Meaning of this Act, nor shall the State of the Poll be finally declared, nor the Result of the Election proclaimed, until the Poll so interrupted shall be closed and transmitted, as herein-before provided, to the Sheriff who is to make the Return; and each Sheriff in charge of each Polling Place shall take care that the attending Clerk at the Place has with him a certified Copy of the aforesaid Alphabetical Register, and shall receive the Votes of all Persons then qualified to vote according to the Provisions of this Act, and shall record and progressively number each Vote for each Candidate in a Poll Book, and he and the Clerk shall subscribe their Names to each Page of the said Book before making or allowing to be made any Entry in the succeeding Page; and the Poll Book or Books shall at the Close of the First Day's polling be publicly sealed up by the said acting Sheriff and Poll Clerk, and be taken charge of by the said Sheriff, and on the Commencement of the Poll of the Second Day he shall publicly break the Seals, and then proceed as formerly; and immediately after the Poll at his Polling Place is finally closed, the officiating Sheriff shall forthwith seal up and transmit or deliver the said Poll Books to the Sheriff acting as the Returning Officer for the Shire.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That the Sheriff to whom the said Sheriff to make Poll Books have been transmitted or delivered shall on the Day Retu> &c. for next but one after the Close of the Poll (unless such Day shall Counties-

be Sunday, and then on the Monday following,) openly break the Seals of the said Poll Books, and cast up the Number of Votes as they appear on the said several Books, and shall openly declare the State and Result of the Poll, and make Proclamation of the Member or Members chosen, not later than Two of the Clock of the Afternoon of the said Day, and shall forthwith make a Return in the Form presently used (as nearly as may be) , in Terms of the Writ, under his Hand and Seal, to the Clerk of the Crown in England; and if the Votes shall be equal, he shall make a Double Return.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That where the Election is for Returns for One City, Burgh, or Town sending a Member or Two Members BurShs> &c* by itself, or for a District of Towns lying wholly within One

Shire, the said Poll Books shall be transmitted to and the Return made by the Sheriff of the Shire within which such City, Burgh, or Town, o* District shall be situate; and where the Election shall be for a District or Set of Burghs or Towns lying in different Shires, the said Poll Books shall be severally transmitted in the first instance to the Sheriffs of the several Shires within which any of the said Burghs or Towns shall be situate, and thereafter

404

C. 65.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Voters in Burghs not to vote in the County where the Burgh is situate, nor vice versa.

Persons not entitled to vote or to be elected.

Eldest Sons of Scotch Peers may be elected.

Penalty on Officers for Breach of Duty.

the other Sheriffs shall transmit the said Poll Books to the Sheriff to whom, as herein provided, the Writ shall have been directed, by whom the Votes shall be summed up, and the Result declared, and the Return of the Person or Persons duly elected shall be made, as above, to the Clerk of the Crown in England.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That no Person not now on the Roll of Freeholders shall be admitted to claim or to vote at the Election for any Shire in respect of any Subject situate within the Limits of any City, Burgh, or Town entitled to send or to contribute towards sending a Member to Parliament; nor shall any Person be admitted to claim or to vote in the Election for any City, Town, or Burgh in respect of any Subject not situate within the Limits of the said City, Town, or Burgh.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That no Sheriff shall be entitled, from and after the passing of this Act, to vote at any Election for any Member of Parliament to be holden within the County or combined Counties of which he shall be Sheriff; and that no Sheriff Substitute, and no Sheriff Clerk or Deputy Sheriff Clerk, shall be entitled, from and after the passing of this Act, to vote or to be elected at any Election for a Member to serve in Parliament for the Shire of which he is the Sheriff Substitute or Sheriff Clerk; and no Town Clerk or Depute Town Clerk shall be entitled to vote or to be elected for the City, Burgh, Town, or District in which he is such Clerk; and no Sheriff Substitute, Sheriff Clerk, or Town Clerk shall, after the passing of this Act, directly or indirectly, act as an Agent for any Candidate in any Matter connected with or preparatory to any Election for the County or Burgh respectively in which such Persons shall be respectively Sheriff Substitute, Sheriff Clerk, or Town Clerk.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That from and after the End of this present Parliament the eldest Sons of Scotch Peers shall be entitled to be registered and to vote at all Elections for Members of Parliament for Scotland, and shall also be entitled, though not so registered, to be elected to serve as such Members for any County, City, Burgh, or Town, or District of Burghs, in Scotland; and that after the End of this present Parliament no Member for any County in Scotland shall be required to be qualified as an Elector or to hold any Superiority within such County.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That if any Sheriff, Sheriff Substitute, Sheriff Clerk, Town Clerk, or any Person whatsoever shall wilfully contravene or disobey the Provisions of this Act, or any of them, with respect to any Matter or Thing which such Sheriff, Sheriff Substitute, Sheriff Clerk, Town Clerk, or other Person is hereby required to do, he shall for such his Offence be liable to be sued in the Court of Session by any registered Voter, Candidate, Member actually returned, or other Party aggrieved, for the penal Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and the Jury before whom such Action shall be tried may find their Verdict for the full Sum of Five hundred Pounds, or for any less Sum which the said Jury shall think it just that such Party Defender should pay to such Party Pursuer; and the Defender in such Action being convicted shall pay such penal Sum so awarded, with full Costs of Suit, to the Party who may sue for the same, without Prejudice,

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 65 ,

405

judice, however, to the Right of any Party aggrieved by the Misconduct of any Sheriff as Returning Officer to recover such Damages for a false Return as he may be entitled to at Common Law or by virtue of any Statute now in force: Provided always, that every such Action shall be raised within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Action has arisen, and that Notice in Writing shall be given to the Defender at least One Month before the raising of any such Action, signed by the* Party raising such Action or his Agent, and setting forth the Place of Abode of the Party signing the same: Provided also, that any such Defender against whom any Judgment shall have been recovered in any such Action shall be allowed to plead such Judgment as a Bar to any other Action which may be brought against him for the same Matter or Thing, and such other Action being thereupon dismissed, such Defender shall recover his full Costs thereof.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That every Person claiming to Persons regis-be registered shall at the Time of making such Claim pay a tered to pay Fee of Two Shillings for the Use of the Sheriff Clerk or to the Two S^lhig8* Town Clerk receiving such Claim; out of which Monies the said Clerks respectively shall be obliged to provide all the Books, and to perform all the Clerk's Business necessary for making up the Registers, and making Copies thereof for the different Polling Places in the Shire or Burgh.

XL. And be it enacted, That the Monies which are now in use Certain Allow-to be allowed to the Sheriffs in their Accounts with the Ex- ances She" chequer for executing Writs for Elections shall continue to be r, ^n^.Ex" allowed to them on such Accounts; and that all Halls, Rooms, B^ths°Clerks, Booths, or other Places hired, constructed, or prepared for taking &c. to be paid the Polls shall be so hired, constructed, or prepared by Contract by Candidates, with the Candidates, or, if they cannot agree, by the Sheriff Clerk, at their joint and equal Expence: Provided always, that the Expence of such Hiring or Construction at any One Polling Place for a County shall not exceed the Sum of Thirty Pounds, nor the Sum of Twenty Pounds at any One Polling Place in any City, Burgh, or Town; and the Candidates shall further be bound to pay and contribute among them to each Poll Clerk One Guinea per Day, and in like Manner to contribute and pay a certain Fee to each Sheriff or Sheriff Substitute, for superintending the Polls, the Amount of which Fee shall in no Case exceed the Sum of Three Guineas per Day for each such Sheriff or Substitute; and the Candidates, in all Cases where a Poll has been demanded, shall in like Manner be bound to defray the necessary Expences incurred by the Sheriff or Sheriff Clerks or Town Clerks in the Transmission of Precepts, Intimations, Poll Books, or other Communications required or enjoined by this Act; and if any Person shall be proposed as a Candidate without his Consent, the Person so proposing him shall be liable to defray his Share of all these Expences in like Manner as if he had been a Candidate himself.

XLI. And be it enacted, That each Sheriff shall be entitled Remuneration to make a Charge for the Time and Labour employed in investiga- Sheriffs for ting and disposing of the Claims and Objections above specified, ^lstration» either originally in his own County, or there or elsewhere as a Judge of Appeal, which Charge shall not be more than Five

D d 3 Guineas

406

C. 65.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Substitute may act where Sheriff under Disability.

Assistant Sheriffs, &c. in certain Counties.

Notices at Church Doors not required in certain Islands.

Rogue Money to be under Management of Commissioners of Supply.

Guineas for every Period of Eight Hours employed by him or by any assistant Sheriff or Advocate to be appointed in the Manner by this Act authorized and directed, exclusively, in any such Investigations, over and above his or their reasonable travelling Expences; and which Charge shall be audited and examined in the Exchequer, and allowed in whole or in part, as may seem just, in the same Manner as other Charges hitherto included in the annual Accounts of such Sheriffs, the said Charge to be always stated in Exchequer as soon as conveniently may be after the Duty is performed, and to be there audited and allowed at the first Settlement of each Sheriffs Accounts which shall thereafter take place: Provided always, that no Charge shall in any Case be allowed for a greater Number of Hours so employed by such Sheriff and by such Assistants in originally deciding on the Claims in any One County than Thirty Periods of Eight Hours for each such Sheriff and Assistant respectively.

XLII. And be it enacted, That when any Sheriff who is hereinbefore required to examine and decide on the Claims for Registration within his County, or to whom any Writ for Election is directed, shall be incapacitated from acting by Sickness or unavoidable Absence, one of his ordinary Substitutes may act in his Stead, provided he hold a Substitution specially authorizing him to do so: Provided also, that if the Sheriffs of the Counties of Edinburgh, Lanark, Fife, Forfar, Aberdeen, Perth, Ayr, Inverness, Renfrew, or Orkney and Shetland, or any of them, shall, after the passing of this Act, represent to the Lord President of the Court of Session, that, by reason of the great Number of Claims of Registration presented or likely to be presented in such Counties, it will be impracticable for them, without Assistance, to dispose of such Claims within the Period limited by this Act, then and in that Case it shall be competent to the said Lord President, being satisfied of the Correctness of such Representation, and he is hereby required, to nominate and appoint One or more other Sheriffs or Advocates of at least Four Years standing to assist in disposing of the said Claims within the said Counties or any of them; and all Judgments pronounced by the said assistant Sheriffs or Advocates shall be liable to be appealed from as if they had been pronounced by the Sheriff of the County.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That the Notices required by this Act to be given at Church Doors shall not be necessary at any of the Churches in the Islands of North Uist, South Uist, Barray Harris, or Eig, in the County of Inverness, nor at any of the Churches in the Island of Lewis in the County of Ross, nor at any of the Churches in the Islands of Tiree, Coll, or Gigha, in the County of Argyle, nor at any of the Churches in the County of Orkney and Shetland, except such as are in what is called the Mainland of Orkney and Shetland respectively.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That the Assessment, Collection, and Management of the Money termed the " Rogue Money," which is now vested in certain Meetings of the Freeholders, shall be transferred to the Commissioners of Supply at their ordinary stated Meetings, and they shall be bound to collect and apply it for the same Purposes as heretofore.

C. 65.

XLV. And be it enacted, That all Powers, Duties, and Functions, now vested in or exigible from ^ny Meeting of Freeholders, by any Law or Statute in force at the Dissolution of this present Parliament, shall thereafter be transferred to and vested in the said Commissioners of Supply, who shall exercise and discharge the same at their regular Meetings as fully and effectually as the said Meetings of Freeholders might previously have exercised or discharged them.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That the Word " Sheriff" shall be held to include the Word " Stewartand the Words " Sheriff Substitute" shall be held to include the Words " Stewart Substitute and that the Words " Shire" or " County" shall be held to include the Word " Stewartry;" and the Words " Sheriff Clerk" shall be held to include the Words " Stewart Clerk," and " Sheriff Clerk Depute, and Stewart Clerk Deputeand the Words " Town Clerk" shall be held to include the Words " Town Clerk Depute:" Provided also, that no Misnomer or inaccurate Description of any Person or Place in any Writing made in the Form of any Schedule to this Act annexed, or in any List or Register or Notice made under Authority of this Act, shall in any way prevent or abridge the Operation of this Act, provided that such Person or Place shall be so designated in such Writing, List, Register, or Notice as to be commonly understood: Pro-also, that no Appeal shall be competent to any Sheriff or Stewart vided from any thing which may be done by their Substitutes in the Execution of this Act.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That all Laws, Statutes, and Usages now in force respecting the Right of electing, the Qualifications of Electors, and the actual Election of Members to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be and the same are hereby repealed in so far as they are inconsistent or at variance with the Provisions of this Act: Provided always, that the same shall be in force in all other respects whatsoever.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That if a Dissolution of the present Parliament shall take place after the passing of this Act, but before the First Day of December in the present Year, in such Case such Persons only shall be entitled to vote in the Election of Members to serve in a new Parliament for any County, City, Burgh, or Town, or District of Cities, Burghs, and Towns, as would have been entitled to be inserted in the respective Lists of Voters for the same directed to be made under this Act if the Day of Election had been the Day for making out such respective Lists, and all Persons shall be entitled to vote in such Election although they may not be registered according to the Provisions of this Act, any thing herein contained notwithstanding; and the polling at such Election for any County may be continued for Fifteen Days, and the polling at such Election for any City, Burgh, or Town, or District of Cities, Burghs, or Towns, may be continued for Eight Days, any thing herein contained notwithstanding.

m

Functions of Meeting of Freeholders transferred to Commissioners of Supply.

Meaning of certain Words in this Act.

Misnomers.

All former Laws repealed where contrary to this Act.

Providing for Elections in case Parliament be dissolved.

D cl 4

408

C. 65.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

SCHEDULES to which the preceding Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Counties to return One Member each.

Aberdeen.

Argyle.

Ayr.

Banff.

Bute.

Berwick.

Caithness.

Dumbarton.

Dumfries.

Edinburgh.

Fife.

Forfar.

Haddington.

Inverness.

Kincardine.

Kirkcudbright.

SCHEDULE (B.)

Combined Counties, each Two to return One Member.

Elgin and Nairn.

Ross and Cromarty.

Clackmannan and Kinross, together with that Part of Perthshire which constitutes the Parishes of Tulliallan, Culross, and Muckhart, and the Perthshire Portions of the Parishes of Logie and Fossaway, and that Part of the Shire of Stirling which constitutes the Parish of Alva.

Lanark.

Linlithgow.

Orkney and Shetland.

Peebles.

Perth, exclusive of the Parishes of Tulliallan, Culross, Muckhart, Logie, and Fossaway, annexed to Kinross and Clackmannan by Schedule (B.)

Renfrew.

Roxburgh.

Selkirk.

Stirling, exclusive of the Parish of Alva, annexed to Kinross, &c. by Schedule (B.)

Sutherland.

Wigton.

SCHEDULE (C.)

Towns to return Two Members each.

Edinburgh.

Glasgow.

SCHEDULE (D.)

Towns to return One Member each.

Aberdeen.

Paisley.

Dundee.

Greenock.

Perth.

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 65.

SCHEDULE (E.)

Combined Burghs and Towns, each Set or District jointly to return One Member.

Kirkwall Wick -Dornock Dingwall Tain -Cromarty

Fortrose Inverness Nairn Forres -

Elgin

Cullen

Banff

Inverury

Kintore

Peterhead

1.

Jointly.

Jointly.

3.

Jointly.

4.

Inverbervie -Montrose -Aberbrothwick Brechin Forfar

Cupar

St. Andrews

Anstruther Easter -

Anstruther Wester

Crail

Kilrenny

Pittenweem

Jointly.

Jointly.

Dysart Kirkaldy Kinghorn -Burntisland

Inverkeithing

Dunfermline

Queensferry

Culross

Stirling

7.

Jointly.

Jointly.

Renfrew Rutherglen Dumbarton -Kilmarnock Port Glasgow

Haddington Dunbar North Berwick Lauder Jedburgh -

10.

Leith

Portobello

Musselburgh

11.

Linlithgow

Lanark

Falkirk

Airdrie

Hamilton

12.

Jointly.

Jointly.

Jointly.

Jointly.

Ayr m *>

Irvine -

Campbelltown - >

Inverary -

Oban -J

13.

Dumfries - -'V

Sanquhar -

Annan

Lochmaben - -I

Kirkcudbright J

14.

Wigton -1

New Galloway -I

Stranraer -r

Whithorn - -J

Jointly.

Jointly.

Jointly.

409

410

C. 05.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

SCHEDULE (F.) (Part First.)

Shire or Town of I A.B.

[Designation] hereby claim to be enrolled as a Voter in the County [or Town] of as Proprietor [Tenant

or Occupant] of the Lands [or Houses, Feu Duties, et cetera,] of in the Parish [or Town] of

and County of; and in Cases within Burgh in

support of my Claim I produce herewith a [Disposition, Seisin, Lease, e$ cetera, of Date, et cetera, as the Case may be].

(Date.) (Signed) A.B.

SCHEDULE (F.) (Part Second.)

No. lodged with me C.D. Schoolmaster of

or Town Clerk of in Shire, this

Day of (together with the Dis-

position, Seisin, Lease, et cetera, above written, in Cases of Claims within Burghs.)

(Signed) C.D.

SCHEDULE (G.) (No. 1.)

For Counties.

Form of Register Book to be kept by Sheriff Clerk.

No. Date of registering. Name. Calling. Proprietor or Tenant. Description of Property, Land, House, Feu Duty, &c. Name of Place, Village, Farm, &c. County.

SCHEDULE (G.) (No. 2.)

For Towns.

Form of Register to be kept by Town Clerk.

No. Date. Name. Calling. Proprietor or Tenant. House, Warehouse, Shop, &c. Street, Lane, or 'other Place of Residence. Parish.

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 65.

411

SCHEDULE (H.) (Part First.)

Shire or Town of

I E. F. object to the Claim of A.B. to be admitted [or to continue on the Roll] as a Voter for the Shire or Town of on the following Ground; [here may be stated shortly the Ground, as that Property or Occupancy not of sufficient Value; that the Party is not or has ceased to be Proprietor, Tenant, or Occupant; that he has not paid Taxes; that he is personally disqualified, as being a Minor, a fatuous Person, an Officer of the Revenue, et cetera; ] and I crave to be heard on the said Objection before the Sheriff.

{Date.) (Signed) E. F.

SCHEDULE (H.) (Part Second.)

Objections to No. lodged with me G. H., Schoolmaster or Town Clerk, this Day of

(Signed) G. H.

SCHEDULE (I.)

I A.B. do solemnly swear [or affirm], That I am the Individual described in the Register for as A.B.

of [here insert Description in the same Words as

contained in the Register]; that I am still the Proprietor [or Occupant] of the Property for which I am so registered, and hold the same for my own Benefit, and not in Trust for or at the Pleasure of any other Person; and that I have not already voted at this Election.

SCHEDULE (K.)

I A.B. do solemnly swear [or affirm], That I have not received or had, by myself or any Person for my Use or Benefit, any Sum or Sums of Money, Office, Place, or Employment, Gift or Reward, or any Promise or Security for any Money, Office, or Gift, in order to give my Vote at this Election.

SCHEDULE (L.)

Towns where the Writ for Districts is to be proclaimed. Sheriffs to whom the Writ is to be addressed.

Leith, for the District to which it belongs Wick, for the District to which it belongs Inverness, for the District to which it belongs Elgin, for the District to. which it belongs - Montrose, for the District to which it belongs Saint Andrew's, for the District to which it belongs Kirkaldy, for the District to which it belongs Stirling, for the District to which it belongs Kilmarnock, for the District to which it belongs -Haddington, for the District to which it belongs -Dumfries, for the-District to which it belongs Wigton, for the District to which it belongs Ayr, for the District to which it belongs Falkirk, for the District to which it belongs - Sheriff of Edinburgh. Sheriff of Caithness. Sheriff of Inverness. Sheriff of Elgin and Moray. Sheriff of Forfar. Sheriff of Fife. Sheriff of Fife. Sheriff of Stirling. Sheriff of Ayr. Sheriff of Haddington. Sheriff of Dumfries. Sheriff of Wigton. Sheriff of Ayr. Sheriff of Stirling.

412

C. 65.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

SCHEDULE (M.)

TOWNS to return Two Members each.

Edinburgh. — From a Point on the Road from Leith to Queens-ferry which is distant Four hundred Yards (measured along such Road) to the West of the Point at which the same meets the Inverleith Road at the House called Golden Acre, in a straight Line to the North-western Corner of the Enclosure of John Watsons Institution; thence in a straight Line to the Second Stone Bridge, marked No. 2, on the Union Canal; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Western Wall of the Enclosure of the Lunatic Asylum at Morningside meets the Jordan or Pow Burn; thence down the Jordan or Pow Burn to a Point which is distant One hundred and fifty Yards (measured along such Burn) below the Arch over the same on the Carlisle Road; thence in a straight Line to the Summit of Arthur's Seat; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Feeder enters the Western Side of Lochend Loch; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which Pilrig Street joins Leith Walk; thence along Pilrig Street and the Bonnington Road to the Point at which the latter meets the Road from Leith to Queens-ferry; thence along the Road from Leith to Queensferry to the Point first described.

Glasgow. — From the Point, on the West of the Town, at which the River Kelvin joins the River Clyde, up the River Kelvin to a Point which is distant One hundred and fifty Yards (measured along the River Kelvin) above the Point at which the same is met by the Park Wall which comes down thereto from Woodside Road; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Great Canal which is distant One hundred Yards (measured along the Great Canal) below Derry Bridge; thence along the Great Canal and the Cut of Junction to the Bridge over the Cut of Junction on the Stirling Road; thence, Eastward, along the Low Garngad Road to a Point which is distant One hundred and fifty Yards (measured along the Low Garngad Road) to the East of the Bridge over the Grimston Burn; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Road to Edinburgh by Airdrie which is distant One hundred Yards (measured along the said Road to Edinburgh) to the East of the Point at which the same is joined by the Road to Edinburgh through the Village of Westmuir; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the River Clyde is joined by Harvie's Dyke; thence down the River Clyde to the Point at which the same is joined by the Pol-madie Burn; thence up the Polmadie Burn to the Point at which the same is joined by the Little Govan Burn; thence up the Little Govan Burn to the Point at which the same is divided into Two Branches in coming down from Govan Hill; thence in a straight Line to the Eastern Extremity of the Butterbiggins Road; thence along the Butterbiggins Road, and in a Line in continuation of the Direction thereof, to the Kinninghouse Burn; thence in a straight Line to the 12 Sheils

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 65.

413

Sheils Bridge over the Paisley and Androssan Canal; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the River Clyde is joined by the Plantation Burn; thence down the River Clyde to the Point first described.

TOWNS to return One Member each.

Aberdeen. — From the Point, on the North-west of the Town, at which the Scatter Burn joins the River Don, down the River Don to the Point at which the same joins the Sea; thence along the Sea Shore to the Point at which the River Dee joins the Sea; thence up the River Dee to a Point which is distant One hundred Yards (measured along the River Dee) above the Bridge of Dee; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the March between the Parishes of Old Machar and Banchory Davenick crosses the Old-Dee-side Road; thenct, Northward, along the March between the Parishes of Old Machar and Banchory Davenick, and Old Machar and Newhills, to the Point first described.

Paisley. — From the Summit of Byres Hill, on the North-east of the Town, in a straight Line to the Point near Knock Hill at which the Renfrew Road is joined by a Road from Glasgow; thence in a straight Line to the Summit of Knock Hill; thence in a straight Line to the Northern Gable of the Moss Toll House on the Greenock Road; thence in a straight Line in the Direction of the Chimney of Linwood Cotton Mill to the Point at which such straight Line cuts the Candren Burn; thence up the Candren Burn to the Point at which the same is joined by the Braidiland Burn at the Bridge over the same on the Johnstone Road; thence up the Braidiland Burn to a Point which is distant Five hundred Yards (measured along the Braidiland Burn) above the said Bridge; thence in a straight Line to Meikleridge Bridge over the Candren Burn; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the old Neilston Road leaves the new Neilston Road; thence in a straight Line to the Summit of Dykebar Hill; thence in a straight Line to a Point which is One hundred Yards due North-east of the Summit of Bathgo Hill; thence in a straight Line to the Point first described.

Dundee. — From the Point, on the East of the Town, at which the Shore of the Firth of Tay would be cut by a straight Line to be drawn from the Tower (in Fife) or Mr. Dalgleish of Scotscraig to the Point at which the Stobsmuir Road is joined by the old Road by Stobsmuir and Clepington and the old Craigie Road, in a straight Line to the said Point at which the Stobsmuir Road is joined by the old Road by Stobsmuir and Clepington and the old Craigie Road; thence, Westward, along the old Road by Stobsmuir and Clepington to the Point called Kings Cross, at which the several Boundaries of the Parishes of Dundee, Strathmartin, and Liff meet; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the LifF Road which is distant Twelve hundred Yards (measured along the Liff Road) to the West of the Point at which the Newtyle Road leaves the same; thence in a straight Line drawn due South to the Shore of the Firth of Tay; thence

along

414

C. 65. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1833.

along the Shore of the Firth of Tay to the Point first described.

Greenock. — From the Point, on the West of the Town, at which the Shore of the Firth of Clyde is met by the March between the Parishes of Greenock and Innerkip, up the said March to that Point thereof which is nearest to the Southern Point of the Ridge of Bow Hill; thence in a straight Line to the said Point on Bow Hill; thence in a straight Line to the Southern End of the Upper East Reservoir for supplying Greenock with Water; thence in a straight Line, in the Direction of the highest projecting Point of Knocknair Hill, to the Point near Woodhead Quarry, at which such straight Line cuts the Easternmost of the Two Rivulets which form the Lady Burn; thence down such Rivulet and the Lady Bum to the Point at which the same joins the Firth of Clyde; thence along the Shore of the Firth of Clyde to the Point first described.

Perth. — From the North-western Comer of the North Inch, on the Right Bank of the River Tay, in a straight Line to the Bridge on the Mill Lead at the Boot of Balhousie; thence in a straight Line to the Bridge on the Glasgow Road over the Scouring Burn; thence in a straight Line to the Southern Comer of the Water Reservoir of the Depot; thence in a straight Line to the Southern Corner of the Friarton Pier on the River Tay; thence across the River Tay (passing to the South of the Friarton Island) to the Point at which the same is met by the Boundary of the respective Parishes of Kinfauns and Kinnoul; thence, Northward, along the Boundary of the Parish of Kinfauns to the Point at which the several Boundaries of the Properties of Kinfauns, Kinnoul, and Barnhill meet; thence in a straight Line to the Northeastern Corner of Lord Kinnoul's Lodge, at the Gate of Approach to Kinnoul Hill; thence in a straight Line to the North-eastern Corner of the Enclosure of the Lunatic Asylum; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Annatty Burn crosses the Blairgowrie Road; thence down the Annatty Burn to the Point at which the same joins the River Tay; thence in a straight Line to the Point first described.

DISTRICTS to return One Member each.

1. — Wick District.

Cromarty. — From Samuel's Well, on the South-west of the* Town, in a straight Line to the Point at which the Southern Angle of the Glebe meets the Inverness Road; thence along the Inverness Road to the Point at which the same is met by the Den Road; thence in a straight Line to the Coal Heugh Weil; thence in a straight Line in the Direction of Clachmalloch Rock to the Point at which such straight Line cuts the Shore of the Cromarty Firth; thence along the Shore of the Cromarty Firth to that Point thereof which is nearest to Samuel's Well; thence in a straight Line to Samuel's Well.

Ding-

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 65.

415

Dingwall. — From a Point on the Shore of the Cromarty Firth which is distant One hundred Yards (measured along the Shore) to the South of the Mouth of the Canal, in a straight Line to a Point on the Inverness Road which is distant Five hundred Yards (measured along the Inverness Road) from the Point (near the School-house) at which the same is joined by another Road; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Knockbain Burn which is distant Four hundred and fifty Yards (measured along the Knockbain Burn) to the West of the Point at which the same meets the main Street of Dingwall; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Drynie Road which is distant One hundred Yards (measured along the Drynie Road) from the Point at which the same leaves the new Strathpeffer Road; thence in a straight Line, drawn due East, to the Shore of the Cromarty Firth; thence along the Shore of the Cromarty Firth to the Point first described.

Dornoch. — From the Rock called Craig Carnaig, in a straight Line to St. Michael's Well, close by the Road to the Little Ferry; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Road to the Mound of Fleet leaves the Road to Bonar Bridge; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Black Burn joins the Dornoch Firth; thence along the Shore of the Dornoch Firth to Craig Carnaig.

Kirkwall. — From a Point on the Sea Shore which is distant Five hundred Yards (measured along the Shore) to the North-east of the North-eastern Angle of Cromwell's Fort, in a straight Line to a Point on the Carness Road which is distant Seven hundred Yards (measured along the Carness Road) to the East of the Point at which the same leaves the Birston Road; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Holm Road which is distant Three hundred Yards (measured along the Holm Road) to the South of the Point at which the same leaves the Deerness Road; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Scapa Road which is distant Four hundred Yards (measured along the Scapa Road) to the South of the Point at which the same leaves the Stromness Road; thence in a straight Line to the Western End of the Air Embankment; thence along the Air Embankment, and along the Sea Shore, to the Point first described.

Tain. — From St. Mary's Well, on the North-west of the Town, in a straight Line through the Raven's Well to a Point Five hundred Yards beyond the same; thence in a straight Line, drawn due South-east, to the Scots-burn Road; thence in a straight Line, drawn due East, to the Inverness Road; thence in a straight Line, drawn due North-east, to the River of Tain; thence down the River of Tain to the Point at which the same joins the Sea; thence along the Sea Shore to St. Mary's Well.

Wick.

416

C. 65.

2"&3o GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Wick. — From the Point, on the North-east of the Town, at which the Papigoe Burn joins the Sea, in a straight Line to a Point on the Huna Road which is distant Two hundred and fifty Yards (measured along the Huna Road) to the North of the Point at which the same leaves the Kettleburn Road; thence in a straight Line to the North-western Corner of the Glebe; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Leutskerry Burn joins the River Wick; thence up the Leutskerry Burn to the Point at which the same meets the Thurso Road; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Inverness Road would be cut by a straight Line to be drawn thereto due West from the Rock called "The Old Man of Wickthence in a straight Line to the Old Man of Wick; thence along the Sea Shore to the Point first described.

2. — Inverness District.

Forres. — From Sueno's Stone, on the North-east of the* Town, in a straight Line to the Point at which Two Roads meet at the North-eastern Corner of that Part of the Property of the Burgh of Forres which is called "The Cluny Hillsthence, Southward, along the Boundary of the Property of the Burgh to the Point at which the same meets the Rafford Road; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Altyre Road which is distant Fifty Yards (measured along the Altyre Road) to the South of the Point at which the same leaves a Road to the Mills of Burdsyards; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Nairn Road which is distant Five hundred Yards (measured along the Nairn Road) to the West of the Bridge of Forres; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Burn of Forres which is distant Four hundred Yards (measured along the Burn of Forres) below the Lee Bridge; thence in a straight Line to Sueno's Stone.

Fortrose. — From a Point on the Shore of the Moray Firth which is distant Two hundred Yards (measured along the Shore) to the West of the Pier of Fortrose, in a straight Line to St. Boniface s Well; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Rosemarkie Burn would be cut by a straight Line to be drawn thereto due North-east from St. Boniface's Well; thence in a straight Line to the Rock called the Lady's Bathing House; thence along the Shore of the Moray Firth to the Point first described.

Inverness. — From the Clachnaharry Pier in a straight Line to the Point at which the Caledonian Canal would be cut by a straight Line to be drawn from the Clachnaharry Pier to the Southern Extremity of the Upper Ness Island; thence in a straight Line to a Point which is Two hundred and fifty Yards due West of the Point at which the Altna Skiah Burn joins the River Ness; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Altna Skiah

Burn

Inverness District.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 65.

417

Burn joins the River Ness; thence up the Altna Skiah Burn to a Point which is distant Three hundred and fifty Yards (measured along the Altna Skiah Burn) above the Bridge over the same on the Road to Fort Augustus; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Road from Muirfield to King's Mills leaves the old Edinburgh Road; thence in a straight Line, drawn due North, to the Nairn Road; thence in a straight Line to that Point on the Shore of the Moray Firth which is due North of the Northern Angle of Cromwell's Fort; thence along the Shore of the Moray Firth to the Clachnaharry Pier.

Nairn. — From the Point, on the North-west of the Town, at which the Western March of the Town's Links meets the Shore of the Moray Firth, in a straight Line to a Point on the Inverness Road which is distant One hundred Yards (measured along the Inverness Road) to the South of the Point at which the Road to the Grove leaves the same; thence in a straight Line to the Sluice of the Mill-dam of the Nairn Mills; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Forres Road which is distant Six hundred Yards (measured along the Forres Road) from the Bridge of Nairn; thence in a straight Line drawn due North to the Shore of the Moray Firth; thence along the Shore of the Moray Firth to the Point first described.

3. — Elgin District.

Banff. — From the Rocks on the West of the Town, called' The Little Tumblers, in a straight Line, drawn due South, to a Point on the Gallow Hill, Eight hundred and fifty Yards distant; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Colieonard Road leaves the Sandy-hills Road; thence in a straight Line to the Bridge over the River Dovern leading from the Town of Banff to Macduff; thence up the River Dovern to a Point which is distant Two hundred Yards (measured along the River Dovern) above the said Bridge; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Road from Macduff to Aberdeen which is distant Two hundred Yards (measured along such Road) to the South of the Point at which the same is crossed by the Deyhill Road; thence in a straight Line to the Mineral Well of Tarlair; thence along the Shore of the Moray Firth to the Little Tumblers first described.

Cullen. — From the Bridge over the Burn of Cullen, on the Fochabers Road, in a straight Line to the Point at which Slack's Road meets the Seafield Road; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Deskford Road leaves the Banff Road; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Loggie Road would be cut by a straight Line to be drawn thereto due South from the Rock called the Maiden Paps; thence in a straight Line to the Maiden Paps; thence along the Sea Shore to the 2 & 3 Gul. IV. E e Point

418

C. 65.

2° & 3 GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Point at which the same meets the Burn of Cullen; thence up the Burn of Cullen to the Bridge over the same on the Fochabers Road.

Elgin. — From the Bridge on the Fochabers Road over the Tayack Burn, up the Tayack Burn, to the Point at which the same would be cut by a straight Line to be drawn thereto due East from Palmer Cross Bridge; thence in a straight Line to Palmer Cross Bridge; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the River Lossie would be cut by a straight Line to be drawn from Palmer Cross Bridge to Sheriff Mill Bridge; thence down the River Lossie to the Bridge over the same on the Road from Old Mills to Quarry Wood; thence along the Road from Old Mills to Quarry Wood to the Point at which the same joins the Road by Morristown to Lossiemouth; thence down the Road by Morristown to Lossiemouth to the Point at which the same meets (at the Cross of Bishop Mill) another Road to Lossiemouth; thence in a straight Line to the Bridge first described.

Inverury. — From the Bridge over the River Ury at the Mill of Keith-hall, in a straight Line through the Fifteenth Mile Stone on the Aberdeen Road, to a Point Four hundred Yards beyond the same; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Road to How-ford leaves the Huntly Road; thence in a straight Line to the Upper Ford of Howford on the River Ury; thence down the River Ury to the Bridge first described.

Kintore. — From the Point, on the South-east of the Town, at which the Burn of Tuach joins the River Don, up the Burn of Tuach to the Point at which the same is joined by the Torry Burn; thence up the Torry Burn to the Bridge over the same on the Aberdeen Road; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Hallforest Road leaves the Road to the Sheepcotes; thence in a straight Line to the Bridge over the Aberdeenshire Canal near the Farm of Tilty; thence in a straight Line to the Point of the Island in the Lands of Balbithan, near the Glebe; thence along the River Don, taking the Northernmost Branch thereof at the Points at which the same is divided into Two Branches* to the Point first described.

Peterhead. — From the North-western Angle of the Salmon House at the Mouth of the River Ugie, and on the North-west of the Town, in a straight Line to the Point near Clarke Hill, at which the old Kinmundy Road is joined by a Road leading therefrom into the Auchtygall Road; thence along the Road so leading into the Auchtygall Road to the Point at which the same joins the Auchtygall Road; thence Eastward along the Auchtygall Road, and in a Line in continuation of the Direction thereof, to the Sea Shore; thence along the Sea Shore to that Point thereof which is nearest to the Point first described; thence in a straight Line to the Point first described.

Elgin District,

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 65.

419

4. — Montrose District.

Aberbrothwick. — From the Point at which the Sea Shore" would be cut by a straight Line to be drawn from the Bell Rock Light House to the Point, near Timmer Green, at which the Road to Hospital Field leaves the Arbirlot Road, along the said straight Line to the said Point at which the Road to Hospital Field leaves the Arbirlot Road; thence, Northward, along the Arbirlot Road to the Point at which the same is met by a Road leading thereto from the Forfar Road; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Forfar Road which is distant One hundred and fifty Yards along the Forfar Road to the North of the First Mile Stone from Aberbrothwick, at the old Toll House; thence in a straight Line to the Bridge over the Feeder of the Tarry Burn on the Montrose Road; thence along the said Feeder to the Point at which the same reaches the Spring at Old Tarry; thence down the Tarry Burn to the Point at which the same joins the Sea; thence along the Sea Shore to the Point first described.

Brechin. — From the -Point, on the South of the Town, at which the Skinners Burn joins the South Esk River, down the South Esk River to the West Den of Leuch-land; thence up the Hollow of the West Den of Leuch-land, and up Barrie's Burn, to the Point, near the Source of Barrie's Burn, at which the several Boundaries of the Properties of Caldhame, Pitforthie, and Unthank meet; thence in a straight Line, in a westerly Direction, to the Point at which the several Boundaries of the Properties of Maisondieu and Cookston and Mr. Mitchell's Land meet; thence, in a South-west Direction, along the Boundary of the Maisondieu Property to the Point at which the same meets the Menmuir Road; thence in a straight Line to the Westernmost Point at which the Skinners Burn crosses the Forfar Road; thence down the Skinners Burn to the Point first described.

Forfar. — From the Inch-ma-coble Stone, on the Southern Bank of the Loch of Forfar, in a straight Line to the Point at which the Orchard Loan joins the Perth Road; thence in a straight Line through the Point at which the Westfield Loan joins the Dundee Road to the Bal- I rainshanner March; thence in a straight Line to the Blind Well at the Junction of the Road from Forfar to Lower with the old Kirk Road from Lower; thence in a straight Line to the Spring on the Arbroath Road at the Junction of the Boundaries of Pitruchie and the Poors Ground; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the old Road to Brechin leaves the East Road to Carseburn; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the West Road to Carseburn leaves the Hassock-well Road; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the new Kirriemuir Road leaves the new Brechin Road; thence in a straight Line to the Inch-ma-coble / Stone.

H

5

H

w

Q

o

O

E e 2 Inver-

420

C. 65.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Inverbervie. — From the Point, on the East of the Town, at which the Bervie Burn joins the Sea, up the Bervie Burn to the Point at which the same is met by the Boundary of the Parish of Arbuthnot; thence, Southward, along the Boundary of the Parish of Arbuthnot to the Point (near Dendodrum) at which the same meets the Boundary which separates the Town Lands from the Property of Mr. Farquhar; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the several Boundaries of the Glebe Land, the Land of the Towns Muir, and the Property of Mr. Farquhar, meet; thence in a straight Line through the South-western Corner of the old Castle of Hall Green to the Sea Shore; thence along the Sea Shore to the Point first described.

Montrose. — From the Point, on the North-east of the Town, at which the Towns Loaning meets the Sea Shore, Westward, along the Towns Loaning, and in a Line in continuation of the Direction thereof, to the Point at which such Line cuts the Laurencekirk Road; thence in a straight Line to the Bridge over the Bum of Tayock on the Brechin Road; thence down the Channel of the Burn of Tayock at Low Water to the Point at which the same joins the South Esk River; thence down the South Esk River, including the Rossie Island, to the Point at which the same River joins the Sea; thence along the Sea Shore to the Point first described.

5. — St. Andrew's District.

Easter Anstruther. — From the Point at which the Dr eel" Burn joins the Firth of Forth, up the Dreel Burn to the Point at which the Mill-dam of the Mill of Anstruther branches off; thence in a straight Line in the Direction of the Spire of Kilrenny Church to the Point at which such straight Line cuts the Cunzie Burn; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Road leading to St. Andrews (being the March between the Lands of Renny Hill and the Barony of Anstruther) leaves the Turnpike Road to Upper Kilrenny; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Cellardyke Burn enters the Firth of Forth; thence along the Shore of the Firth of Forth to the Point first described.

Wester Anstruther. — From the Rock called the Cuniger Stone in a straight Line to the Point at which the Dreel Burn crosses the Road from Pittenweem to Grange-muir Farm; thence down the Dreel Bum to the Point at which the same joins the Firth of Forth; thence along the Shore of the Firth of Forth to the Cuniger Stone.

Crail. — From a Point on the Shore of the Firth of Forth which is distant Five hundred Yards (measured along the Shore) to the South-west of the Almond Rocks, in a straight Line, drawn due North-west, to the Point at which such straight Line cuts the Road to Anstruther and Kilrenny; thence in a straight Line to the Point

at

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 65

at which the St. Andrews Road would be cut by a straight Line to be drawn thereto from North Berwick Law through the Point last described; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Craighead Road which is distant Five hundred Yards (measured along the Craighead Road) to the North-east of the Bridge on the same, over the Lammas Green Burn; thence in a straight Line in the Direction of the North-easternmost Point of the Rome Rocks until it meets the Shore of the Firth of Forth; thence along the Shore of the Firth of Forth to the Point first described.

Cupar. — From a Point on the Southern Branch of the River Eden which is distant Four hundred Yards (measured along such River) below the new Bridge, in a straight Line, through a Point on the Dundee Road which is distant Two hundred and fifty Yards (measured along the Dundee Road) to the East of the Milestone marked

0 Miles from Cupar and Twenty-two Miles from Petty-cur, to a Point Two hundred and fifty Yards distant from the said Point on the Dundee Road; thence in a straight Line to the North-western Corner of the Garden Wall of Dalziel Lodge on the old Dimdee Road; thence in a straight Line to the Bridge over the St. Mary's Burn on the Newburgh Road; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Ferrybank Road would be cut V. by a straight Line to be drawn from the Hopetoun Monument to the Winter or Byewater Sluice at the Western End of Andersons Spinning Mills; thence in a straight Line to the said Sluice; thence in a straight Line to the Milestone on the Edinburgh Road marked

1 Mile from Cupar and 21 Miles from Pettycur; thence in a straight Line to the Point first described.

Kilkenny. — From the Point at which the Cellardykes Bum joins the Firth of Forth, in a straight Line to the Point at which the Road leading to St. Andrews (being the March between the Lands of Rennyhill and the Barony of Anstruther) leaves the Turnpike Road from Anstruther to Upper Kilrenny; thence in a straight Line to the Skeith Stone; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Geliy Burn meets the Well of Spa Burn; thence in a straight Line to a Point on "the Crail Road which is distant Four hundred Yards (measured along the Crail Road) to the North-east of the Bridge on the same over the Geliy Burn; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Geliy Burn which is distant Three hundred Yards (measured along the Geliy Burn) below the said Bridge on the Crail Road; thence down the Geliy Burn to the Point at which the same joins the Firth of Forth; thence along the Shore of the Firth of Forth to the Point first described.

Pittenweem. — From a Point on the South-west of the Town, on the Sea Shore, distant from the Sandy Craig Six hundred Yards (measured Westwards along the Sea Shore) , in a straight Line drawn to a Point on the Mires E e 3 or

St. Andrews District

422

C. 65.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832

or Dreel Burn Six hundred Yards (measured up the Course thereof) above the Point where it is crossed by the Road to Carnbee and St. Andrews; thence down the Mires or Dreel Bum to the Point at which the same crosses the Road to Grangemuir Farm; thence in a straight Line to the Rock called the Cuniger Stone; thence along the Shore of the Firth of Forth to the Point first described.

St. Andrews. — From the Point at which the Swilkin Burn joins the Sea, up the Swilkin Burn, to a Point which is distant Three hundred Yards (measured along the Swilkin Burn) above the Bridge over the same on the Cupar Road; thence in a straight Line through a Point on the Kinghom Road which is distant Four hundred Yards (measured along the Kinghorn Road) from the Point at which the same leaves Argyle Street, to the Point at which such straight Line cuts the Kinness Burn; thence in a straight Line to the Bridge over the St. Nicholas Bum on the Crail Road; thence in a straight Line, drawn due East, to the Sea Shore; thence along the Sea Shore to the Point first described.

6. — Kirkaldy District.

Burntisland. — From the Northern Extremity of the Dam" Dyke of the Sea Mills, in a straight Line, drawn due North, to the Road from Aberdour to Kirkaldy; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Road from Aberdour to Kirkaldy which is distant Three hundred Yards (measured along such Road) to the East of the Point at which the same is met by the Road from Burntisland to Kinross; thence in a straight Line, in the Direction of the Eastern Extremity of Inchkeith, to the Point at which such straight Line cuts the Shore of the Firth of Forth; thence along the Shore of the Firth of Forth to the Point first described.

Dysart. — From the Point on the South of Pathhead, at which the East Burn joins the Firth of Forth, up the East Burn, to that Point thereof which is nearest to the Eastern Angle of the Engine House of the Dunnikier Colliery; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Road from Parkhead to Mitchelstons Farm meets the Road from Gallatown to Dunniker; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Cupar Road which is distant Three hundred and fifty Yards (measured along the Cupar Road) to the North-west of the Point (in the Street of Gallatown) at which the Road from Gallatown to West Wemyss leaves the same; thence in a straight Line to the Cliff above the Pissing Mare Well; thence along the Shore of the Firth of Forth to the Point first described.

Kinghorn. — From the Rock called Hoch-ma-toch in a straight Line to the Point at which the Road to Kirkaldy from Burntisland joins the Road to Kirkaldy from Pettyeur; thence in a straight Line to the Outlet from the

Kirkaldy District.

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3<> GULIELMI IV. C. 65.

423

the Loch of Kinghorn called the Gullet Sluice; thence in a straight Line to the Rock on the Shore of the Firth of Forth above the Well of Spa; thence in a straight Line to the Well of Spa; thence along the Shore of the Firth of Forth to the Rock Hoch-ma-toch.

Kirkaldy. — From the Point, on the North-east of the Town, at which the East Burn joins the Firth of Forth, up the East Burn to that Point thereof which is nearest to the Eastern Angle of the Engine House of the Dunnikier Colliery; thence in a straight Line, in the Direction of the Spire of Abbottshall Church, to the Point at which such straight Line cuts a Road from Kirkaldy to Raith and Auchtertool; thence along the said Road to Raith and Auchtertool to the Point (opposite Raith Gate) at which the same is joined by the Road from West Bridge to Auchtertool; thence in a straight Line to the Western Corner of the old Quarry above the West Mills of Link-town and on the Left Bank of the West Burn; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Kinghorn Road which is distant Five hundred Yards (measured along the Kinghorn Road) to the South of the Point (in West Bridge Town) at which the Queensferry Road leaves the same; thence in a straight Line, in the Direction of North Berwick Law, to the Point at which such straight Line cuts the Shore of the Firth of Forth; thence along the Shore of the Firth of Forth to the Point first described.

7. — Stirling District.

Culross. — From the Point, close to the Shore, at which the* Dean Burn crosses the High Road to Kincardine, up the Dean Burn to that Point thereof which is nearest the Ruins of the old Church; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Road to Dunfermline by the Abbey Lodge leaves the Road from Culross Church to Kincardine; thence along the said Road to Dunfermline to a Point which is distant Seven hundred Yards (measured along such Road) from the Point last described; thence in a straight Line, through the Stone which marks the Eastern Extremity of the Royalty of the Burgh, to the Shore of the Firth of Forth; thence along the Shore of the Firth of Forth to the Point first described.

Dunfermline. — From the Point on the South of the Town, near the Southern End of St. Leonards, at which the Queensferry Road leaves the Burntisland Road, in a straight Line to the Head of the Mill-dam of the Brucefield Spinning Mills; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Townhill Road is joined by a Road from Headwell; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Crieff Road which is distant One hundred and fifty Yards (measured along the Crieff Road) to the North of the Bridge on the same over the Blair Castle or Broomhill Burn; thence in a straight Line to the E e 4 Bridge

424

C. 65.

2a& 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Bridge over the Baldridge Burn at Blackburn; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Elgin Railway crosses the Carnack Road; thence in a straight Line to Urquhart Bridge on the Stirling Road; thence in a straight Line to the Bridge over the Spittal Burn on the Limekilns Road; thence in a straight Line to the Point first described.

Inverkeithing. — From the Point, on the West of the Town, at which the Seggs Bum joins the Sea, up the Seggs Burn to a Point which is distant One hundred Yards (measured along the Seggs Burn) above the Bridge over the same on the Queensferry Road; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Dunfermline Road which is distant Three hundred Yards (measured along the Dunfermline Road) from the Point at which the same leaves the High Street of Inverkeithing; thence in a straight Line to the Bridge over the Inverkeithing Burn on the Perth Road; thence in a straight Line through the Flagstaff near the East Ness to the Sea Shore; y thence along the Sea Shore to the Point first described.

Queensferry. — From a Point on the Shore of the Firth of Forth which is distant Three hundred Yards (measured along the Shore) to the East of the Newhalls Pier, in a straight Line, in a southerly Direction, drawn from the easterly Extremity of Inch Garvie, through the Point last described, to a Point which is One hundred Yards beyond the Middle of the Edinburgh Road; thence in a straight Line to the South-eastern Corner of the Reservoir; thence in a straight Line to the Dovecote Park Well; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Echland Burn crosses the Road to Echland and Linlithgow; thence down the Echland Burn to the Point at which the same joins the Firth of Forth; thence along the Shore of the Firth of Forth to the Point first described.

Stirling. — From the Point, on the East of the Town, at which the Town Burn joins the River Forth, up the River Forth to the Point at which the same is joined by the Kildean Burn; thence up the Kildean Burh to the Point at which the same reaches the Dam of the Kildean Mill; thence in a straight Line to the Point, opposite the Lodge of Christian Bank, at which the Road to Touch and Garthur leaves the Road to Murray's Hall; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Road from Cambusbarron to St. Ninians is joined by a Road from Newhouse and Torbrecks; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the old Glasgow Road which is distant Five hundred Yards (measured along the Glasgow Road) to the South of the Point at which the Glasgow Road leaves the Edinburgh Road; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Edinburgh Road which is distant Five hundred Yards (measured along the Edinburgh Road) to the South-east of the Point at which the same leaves the Glasgow Road; thence in

a straight

Stirling District.

2° & 3<> GULIELMI IV. C. 65.

425

a straight Line, in the Direction of Cambuskenneth Abbey, to the Point at which such straight Line cuts the Pelstream; thence along the Pelstream, and along the Continuation thereof, called the Town Burn, to a Point which is distant Five hundred Yards (measured along the Town Burn) to the South of the Bridge over the same at Hadaways Carpet Factory; thence in a straight Line to the Point first described.

8. — Kilmarnock District.

Dumbarton. — From the Point, on the South-east of the' Town, at which the Gruggies Burn joins the Firth of Clyde, up the Gruggies Burn to the Bridge on the Hoad from Dumbarton to Glasgow; thence in a straight Line, drawn due North-east, to the Road from Bar Toll to Glasgow; thence, Northward, along the Road from Bar Toll to Glasgow to the Point at which the same meets the Bonhill Road; thence, Northward, along the Bonhill Road to a Point which is distant Two hundred Yards (measured along the Bonhill Road) from the Point last described; thence, Westward, in a straight Line to a Point on the Helensburgh Road which is distant Two hundred and fifty Yards (measured along the Helensburgh Road) from the Point at which the same leaves the Luss Road; thence in a straight Line, drawn due South-west, to the Shore of the Firth of Clyde; thence along the Shore of the Firth of Clyde to the Point first described.

Kilmarnock. — From the Point, on the South of the Town, at which Kilmarnock Water joins the River Irvine, in a straight Line to a Point on the Irvine Road which is distant Three hundred and fifty Yards (measured along the Irvine Road) to the West of the Point at which the same leaves Grange Street; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Road to Hill Head leaves the Kilmaurs Road; thence in a straight Line, through the Summit of the Bonfire Knowe, to the Kilmarnock Water; thence in a straight Line to the Bridge over the Mill Burn on the Mauchline Road; thence down the Mill Burn to the Point at which the same joins the River Irvine; thence in a straight Line to the Bells Land Bridge on the Road from Riccarton to Galston; thence in a straight Line to the Point called Witch Knowe, at which Two Roads meet; thence in a straight Line to the Bridge over the Maxholm Burn on the Ayr Road; thence down the Maxholm Burn to the Point at which the same joins the River Irvine; thence down the River Irvine to the Point first described.

Renfrew. — From the Milburn Bridge over the Pudzeoch Bum, on the Glasgow Road, in a straight Line to a Point up the Pudzeoch Burn which is distant Three hundred Yards in a straight Line from the said Bridge; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Greenock Road which is distant Two hundred and fifty Yards

(measured

Kilmarnock District.

426

C. 65.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 18S2.

(measured along the Greenock Road) from the Point at which the same leaves the Paisley Road; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the River Clyde which is distant Three hundred Yards (measured along the River Clyde) below the Point at which the same is joined by the Canal; thence along the River Clyde to the Point at which the same is joined by the Canal; thence along the Canal to the Point at which the same is joined by the Pudzeoch Burn; thence along the Pudzeoch Burn to the Bridge aforesaid.

Rutherglen. — From the Point at which the River Clyde is joined by the Polmadie Burn, up the River Clyde, to Dalmarnock Bridge; thence in a straight Line, through the Point at which the Road from Dalmarnock Bridge to Muirkirk leaves the Road from Dalmarnock Bridge to Hamilton, to the Point at which such straight Line reaches the Southern Road from Rutherglen to Hamilton; thence in a straight Line to a Point in the Castle-milk Road which is distant Seven hundred Yards (measured along the Castlemilk Road) from the Point at which the same joins the Main Street of Rutherglen; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Newhouse Road which is distant Three hundred Yards (measured along the Newhouse Road) from the Point at which the same leaves the Hangingshaws Road; thence in a straight Line to the Bridge over the Polmadie Burn on the Glasgow Road; thence down the Polmadie Burn to the Point first described.

Port Glasgow. — From the Point on the Shore, West of the Town, where Devols Burn enters the Firth of Clyde, up the said Burn to the Waterfall in Devols Glen; thence in a straight Line to a Point in the Mill-dam Burn which is One thousand Yards, measured along the same, above the Point where it enters the Clyde; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Boundary between the Parishes of Port Glasgow and Kilmalcolm which is distant Eight hundred Yards, measured along the said Boundary, from the Point where it meets the Clyde; thence down the said Boundary to its Termination on the Shore; thence West along the Shore to the Point first described.

9. — Haddington District.

North Berwick. — From the Yellow Craig in a straight Line' to the Point at which the Dunbar Road would be cut by a straight Line to be drawn thereto from the Isle of May Lighthouse through the Yellow Craig; thence in a straight Line to a Point Two hundred Yards to the South of the Middle of the Edinburgh Road in the Direction of a Line drawn from the Westernmost Point of Craig Leith through the Easternmost Point of the Rock called Craig-in-Touch or Powart Rock; thence in a straight Line, in the Direction of the said Easternmost Point of the Rock called Craig-in-Touch or Powart Rock,

to

2° & 3 GULIELMI IV. C. 65.

42*7

to the Point at which such straight Line cuts the Shore of the Firth of Forth; thence along the Shore of the Firth of Forth to the Yellow Craig.

Dunbar. — From the Point, on the South-east of the Town, at which the Eastern Boundary of the Town Land meets the Sea Coast, along the Eastern Boundary of the Town Land, to the Point at which the same meets the Berwick Road; thence in a straight Line, in the Direction of the Hopetoun Monument near Haddington, to the Point at which such straight Line cuts the Road from Bowerhouse to Belhaven; thence] along the Road from Bowerhouse to Belhaven to the Point at which the same meets the Belhaven Burn; thence down the Belhaven Burn to the Point at which the same reaches the Sea; thence along the Sea Coast to the Point first described.

Haddington. — From a Point on the Dunbar Road which is distant Two hundred Yards (measured along the Dunbar Road) to the East of the Point at which the Athelston-ford Road leaves the same, in a straight Line to the North-eastern Corner of the Burial Ground of St. Martins Chapel; thence along the Lane which leads to St. Martins Chapel from the Moreham Road to the Point at which such Lane joins the Moreham Road; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Gifford Road which is distant Two hundred Yards (measured along the Gifford Road) to the South of the Point at which the same leaves the Moreham Road; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the River Tyne would be cut by a straight Line to be drawn from the Point last described to the Northern End of Waterloo Bridge; thence up the River Tyne to the Burgh Mill-dam; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Pencaitland Road which is distant Five hundred Yards (measured along the Pencaitland Road) to the West of the Point at which the same leaves the High Street of Haddington; thence in a straight Line to the North-western Corner of the Premises of Bellevue, the Westernmost of the Gallow Green Feus; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Road from Whisky Row, by the Eastern Side of the Glebe, is met by a Cross Road leading therefrom by Goatfield to the Athelstonford Road; thence along the said Cross Road to the Point at which the same joins the Athelstonford Road; thence in a straight Line to the Point first described.

Jedburgh. — From the Flour Mill Bridge over the River Jed, on the North-east of the Town, in a straight Line to the Point at which the Footpath from Timpen Dean joins the Totches Baulk Road; thence, Westward, along the Totches Baulk Road to the Point at which the same meets the Tudhope Loaning; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Hawick Road which is distant Three hundred Yards (measured along the Hawick Road) to the South-west of the North-western Angle of the Enclosure of the Castle; thence in a straight Line to the

Inch-

Haddington District.

428

C. 65.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Inchbonnie or Second Bridge over the River Jed; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the new Road to Oxnam joins the old Road to Oxnam; thence in a straight Line to the said Flour Mill Bridge.

Lauder. — From a Point on the Kelso Road which is distant Six hundred Yards (measured along the Kelso Road) from the Church of Lauder, in a straight Line to a Point on the Lauder Burn which is distant Three hundred and fifty Yards (measured along the Lauder Burn) below the Bridge over the same on the Road to Woodhead and Gattonside; thence up the Lauder Burn to the said Bridge; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Washing Burn which is distant Two hundred Yards (measured along the Washing Burn) above the Bridge over the same on the Edinburgh Road; thence down the Washing Burn to the Point at which the same meets the Park Wall of Thirlestane; thence, Eastward, along the Park Wall of Thirlestane to the Point at which the same reaches the Kelso Road; thence along the Kelso Road to the Point first described.

10. — Leith District.

Leith. — From the Point at which the Shore of the Firth ofl Forth would be cut by a straight Line to be drawn thereto from the Spire of the Tron Church in Edinburgh through the Point at which the Feeder joins the Western Side of Lochend Loch, in a straight Line to the said Point at which the Feeder joins the Western Side of Lochend Loch; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which Pilrig Street joins Leith Walk; thence along Pilrig Street and the Bonnington Road to the Point at which the latter joins the Queensferry Road; thence, Westward, along the Queensferry Road to a Point which is distant Four hundred Yards (measured along the Queensferry Road) to the West of the Point at which the same meets the Inverleith Road at the House called Golden Acre; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Wardie Burn joins the Firth of Forth; thence along the Shore of the Firth of Forth to the Point first described.

Musselburgh. — From the Point at which the Magdalene Burn joins the Firth of Forth, up the Magdalene Burn, to a Point which is distant Fifty Yards (measured along the Magdalene Burn) above Magdalene Bridge; thence in a straight Line, in the Direction of the Spire of Inveresk Church, to the Point at which such straight Line cuts the River Esk; thence in a straight Line to a Point in the Road from Newbigging to Inveresk which is distant Two hundred Yards (measured along such Road) to the South of the Point (in the Street of Newbigging) at which the same leaves the Road from Newbigging to Haddington and Prestonpans; thence in a straight Line through the Seventh Mile Stone on the Road from Edinburgh to Haddington to the Ravens-

haugh

Leith District,

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 65.

429

haugh Burn; thence down the Ravenshaugh Burn to the Point at which the same joins the Firth of Forth; thence along the Shore of the Firth of Forth to the Point first described.

Portobello. — From the Fountain of Saltpans on the Musselburgh Road, Southward, in a straight Line (in the Direction of a straight Line drawn from the East End of lnchkeith) to a Point One hundred and fifty Yards distant; thence in a straight Line, in the Direction of Nelsons Monument on the Calton Hill, to the Point at which such straight Line cuts the Duddingston Road; thence, Northward, along the Duddingston Road to the Point at which the same meets the Edinburgh Road; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Shore of the Firth of Forth would be cut by a straight Line to be drawn thereto from the Summit of Arthurs Seat through the Point last described; thence along the Shore of the Firth of Forth to the Point first described.

11. — Falkirk District.

Airdrie. — From the Bridge over the South Bum on the-Glasgow Road, along the South Burn, to a Point which is distant Five hundred Yards (measured along the South Burn) to the East of the said Bridge; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Gartlee Road which is distant Five hundred Yards (measured along the Gartlee Road) to the South of the Point at which the same meets Graham Street; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the High Road from Carlisle to Stirling which is distant One hundred Yards (measured along such Road) to the South of the Point at which the same meets the Edinburgh Road; thence along the said Road to Stirling to the Bridge on the same over the North Burn; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Road from North Bridge Street to New Monkland Church which is distant Five hundred Yards (measured along such Road) to the North of the Bridge on the same,

over the North Burn; thence in a straight Line to the Bridge over the Railway on the Kirkintulloch Road near Windhall; thence in a straight Line to the Bridge first described.

Falkirk. — From a Point on the Edinburgh Road which is distant Four hundred Yards (measured along the Edinburgh Road) to the East of the Bridge on the same over the East or Meadow or Ladys Mill Burn, in a straight Line to the Bridge on the Grangemouth Road over the same Burn; thence along the said Burn to the Point at which the same passes under the Forth and Clyde Canal; thence, Eastward, along the Forth and Clyde Canal to the Point at which the same meets the Road to Dalderse House; thence, Northward, along the Road to Dalderse House to a Point which is distant Three hundred Yards (measured along the Road to

Dalderse

430

C. 65.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Dalderse House) from the Point last described; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Alloa and Carron Hoad which is distant Two hundred Yards (measured along the Alloa and Carron Road) from the Point at which the same meets St. Davids Lane; thence along the Alloa and Carron Road to the Point at which the same meets St. Davids Lane; thence along the Road to Burnhouse to the Point at which the same meets the West Burn; thence in a straight Line to the Twenty-fourth Mile Stone on the Stirling Road; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Road by Burnhead and Gartcows to South Bantaskine which is distant One hundred Yards (measured along such Road) to the South-west of the Point at which the same is met by the West Burn; thence in a straight Line to the Southeastern Corner of the Parkfoot Washing Green; thence in a straight Line to the Point first described.

Hamilton. — From Covan Burn Bridge, on the Road to Lanark, in a straight Line to the Point in the lower Park Wall of Hamilton Palace where it meets the great South Avenue of the said Palace; thence, Westward, along the said Wall to a Point in the same Six hundred V. Yards beyond the Intersection of the Cambuslang and Glasgow Road with the said Wall; thence in a straight Line to the Bridge on the said Road over Wellhall Burn; thence up the said Burn to the Point where it is met by the March Fence between the Burgh and the Lands of Over Auchingraymont; thence, Southward, along the said Fence to the Point where it meets the Road to Earnock; thence in a straight Line, through a Point on the Road to Strathaven which is Five hundred and twenty Yards (measured along the said Road) South of the Butterburn Bridge, continued until it meets the upper Park Wall of Hamilton Palace; thence, Eastward, along the said Park Wall to the Point where it meets the Covan Burn; thence down the same to the Point first described.

Lanark. — From a Point on the River Clyde which is distant One hundred and fifty Yards (measured along the River Clyde) below the Bridge over the same on the Southern Branch of the Glasgow Road, in a straight Line to a Point on the old Road to Carluke which is distant One hundred and fifty Yards (measured along such old Road) from the Point at which the same leaves the Glasgow Road; thence in a straight Line to the Point, near Mansfield, at which the Jerviswood Road leaves the Northern Edinburgh Road; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Southern Edinburgh Road which is distant One hundred Yards (measured along such Road) to the East of the Eastern Corner of Brown Square; thence in a straight Line to the Centre of the Ruins of the Parish Church; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the River Clyde which is distant Seven hundred and fifty Yards (measured along the River

Clyde)

Falkirk District.

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 65.

431

Clyde) above the Bridge over the same on the Southern Branch of the Glasgow Road; thence down the River Clyde to the Point first described.

Linlithgow. — From a Point on the Union Canal which is distant One hundred and fifty Yards (measured along the Union Canal) to the North-east of the Aqueduct over the Edinburgh Road, in a straight Line to the Point at which the Burn adjoins the Eastern End of Linlithgow Loch; thence along the Southern Shore of Linlithgow Loch to the Point at which the same is joined by the Burn which runs therefrom across the Borrostowness Road; thence along the last-mentioned Burn to the Bridge over the same on the Borrostowness Road; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Falkirk Road which is distant One hundred and fifty Yards (measured along the Falkirk Road) from the Point at which the Torphichen Road leaves the same; thence in a straight Line to the Bridge marked N° 45, over the Union Canal on the Bathgate Road; thence in a straight Line to the Aqueduct over the Edinburgh Road; thence along the Union Canal to the Point first described.

12. — Ayr District.

Ayr. — From the End of the Mill-dam Dyke on the Right*' Bank of the River Ayr, and on the East of the Town, in a straight Line to the Hawkhill Bridge; thence along the Road which passes the South-eastern Side of the Newton Muir, and in a Line in continuation of the Direction of such Road, to the Half-mile Burn; thence down the Half-mile Bum to the Point at which the same joins the Firth of Clyde; thence along the Shore of the Firth of Clyde to the Point at which the same is met by the Road which runs thereto from the Holm-stone Toll Bar, past the Race Course, and between the Lands of Blackburn and Seafield; thence along the Road last described to a Point which is distant Two hundred and sixty Yards (measured along the same) to the East of the Point at which the same crosses the old Maybole Road; thence in a straight Line to the Point first described.

Campbell Town. — From the Point, on the South-east of the Town, at which the Kilkerran Burn joins the Sea, up the Kilkerran Burn to the Point at which the same coming down from Bengoillan nearly forms a Right Angle in turning towards the Sea; thence in a straight Line to the Summit of the Hill called Barley Bannocks; thence in a straight Line to the Bridge over the Witch Burn on the Southend Road; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Road to Knockscalbert leaves the Inverary West Road; thence in a straight Line to the first Point of the Rock on Balligreggan Hill; thence in a straight Line, in the Direction of the Summit of the Island of Avarr, to the Point at which such straight 5 Line

432

C. 65.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV,

A.D. 1832.

Line cuts the Baraskomil Burn; thence down the Bara-skomil Burn to the Point at which the same joins the Sea; thence along the Sea Shore to the Point first described.

Inverary. — From the Western Angle of Point House, on the West of the Town, in a straight Line to a Point which is distant Three hundred Yards due North of the same; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Dalmally Road meets the upper or great Avenue to Inverary Castle; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Shore of Loch Fine which is distant One hundred and fifty Yards (measured along the Shore) to the East of the North End of the Pier; thence along the Shore of Loch Fine to that Point thereof which is nearest to the Point first described; thence in a straight Line to the Point first described.

Irvine. — From the Flagstaff near the Junction of the River Irvine with the Sea (about One hundred Yards South of the Point where the Pier Head leaves the Shore) in a straight Line, through the Stone at the Western Corner of the March Fence of the Minister's Glebe, to the River Anwick; thence up the River Anwick to a Point which is distant Two hundred and ninety-five Yards (measured along the River Anwick) above the Bridge over the same, on the Kilmarnock Road; thence in a straight Line, in a North-westerly Direction, to the Point at which the Burn called The Ministers Cast makes an Angle in turning to the West; thence down " The Minister's Cast" to the Point at which the same joins the River Irvine; thence down the River Irvine to that Point thereof which is nearest to the Flagstaff aforesaid; thence in a straight Line to the Flagstaff aforesaid.

Oban. — The Space on the Main Land included within a Circle described with a Radius of One Half Mile from the Point as a Centre where the Street leading to the old Inverary Road meets the Street along the Shore.

13. — Dumfries District.

Annan. — -From the Point, on the North of the Town, at" which the Galla Bank Burn joins the River Annan, in a straight Line to a Point on the Prestonfield Road which is distant One hundred Yards (measured along the Prestonfield Road) from the Point at which the same leaves the Prestonhall Road; thence in a straight Line to the Point near New Dyke at which the Langholm Road leaves the Carlisle Road; thence in a straight Line through the Blindpeat Well to the River Annan; thence up the River Annan to the Point first described.

Dumfries. — From the Point, on the North of the Town, at which the Townhead Branch of the Edinburgh Road joins the English Street Branch of the same Road, in a straight Line to the Bridge over the Mary holm Burn on the Lincluden Road; thence in a straight Line to

a Point

Ayr District,

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV,

C. 65.

433

a Point on the Terregles Road which is distant Five hundred Yards (measured along Terregles Street and the Terregles Road) from the Point at which Terregles Street meets Galloway Street; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Castle Douglas Road leaves the Dalbeaty Road; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Left Bank of the River Nith is cut by a straight Line drawn thereto due West from the Maidens Bower Craig; thence along the last-mentioned straight Line to the Point at which the same cuts the Caerlavrock Road; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Road to Gillbrae leaves the Road to Callside; thence in a straight Line to a Point which is distant One hundred Yards due East from the Point first described; thence in a straight Line to the Point first described.

Kirkcudbright. — From the Point, on the West of the Town, at which the River Dee would be cut by a Line to be drawn thereto parallel to the High Street leading from the Market Cross to Bar Hill, from the Point at which the new Road to St. Mary's Isle leaves the Road to Dundrennan in a straight Line through the Point at which the Road to St. Mary's Isle leaves the Road to Dundrennan to a Point which is Four hundred Yards beyond the same; thence in a straight Line to a Point which is Seven hundred Yards due East of the Northern Extremity of the Stirling Acres Embankment; thence in a straight Line to the Northern Extremity of the Stirling Acres Embankment; thence down the River Dee to the Point first described.

Lochmaben. — From the Point, on the North-east of the Town, near Bogle-hole, at which a Burn crosses the Road to the Bridge on Kennel Water, in a straight Line to a Point on the Bank of the Castle Loch which is distant Five hundred Yards in a straight Line to the Southeast of the Summit of the Knoll of the Old Castle; thence in a straight Line to the Summit of the Knoll of the Old Castle; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Dumfries Road which is distant Five hundred Yards (measured along the Dumfries Road) to the West of the Town House; thence in a straight Line to a Point which is Four hundred Yards due West of the Point first described; thence in a straight Line to the Point first described.

Sanquhar. — From the Point, on the South of the Town, at which the Town-fit Burn joins the River Nith, up the Town-fit Burn to a Point which is distant Two hundred and fifty Yards (measured along such Burn) to the North of the Point at which the same crosses the Dumfries Road; thence in a straight Line to the Bridge over the Crawick Burn on the Whitehill Road; thence down the Crawick Burn to the Point at which the same joins the River Nith; thence along the River Nith to the Point first described.

2 & 3 Gul. IV. F f

Dumfries District.

434

C. 65.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

14. — Wigton District.

New Galloway. — From a Point on the Road to Kells Church" which is distant Five hundred Yards (measured along such Road) to the North of the North-western Corner of the Town House, in a straight Line drawn due East to a Point Three hundred Yards distant; thence in a straight Line to a Point which is distant Three hundred Yards due West from a Point on the Kirkcudbright Road which is distant Four hundred Yards (measured along the Kirkcudbright Road) to the South of the Town House; thence in a straight Line, through the said Point on the Kirkcudbright Road, to a Point which is distant Three hundred Yards due West therefrom; thence in a straight Line to a Point which is distant Three hundred Yards due West from the Point first described; thence in a straight Line to the Point first described.

Stranraer. — From that Point on the Shore of Loch Ryan which is due North-east of the Point at which the Two Roads from Stranraer to Leswalt meet, in a straight Line, through the Point at which such Two Roads meet, to a Point Seven hundred Yards beyond the same; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Road from the Church to Portpatrick meets the Road from the Meeting House to Portpatrick; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Dumfries Road which is distant Seven hundred Yards (measured along the Dumfries Road) from the Point at which the same is met by the Road from the Meeting House to Portpatrick; thence in a straight Line, drawn due North-east, to the Shore of Loch Ryan; thence along the Shore of Loch Ryan to the Point first described.

Whithorn. — From a Point on the Portwilliam Road which is distant Two hundred Yards (measured along the Portwilliam Road) to the West of the Point at which the same leaves the Wigton Road in a straight Line to a Point on the Glasserton Road which is distant Five hundred Yards (measured along the Glasserton Road) from the Point at which the Isle of Whithorn Road leaves the same; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Isle of Whithorn Road which is distant Five hundred Yards (measured along the Isle of Whithorn Road) from the Point at which the same leaves the Glasserton Road; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Road or Street called the Raw, leading in a South-easterly Direction from the Town House, Five hundred Yards distant therefrom (measured along the said Road); thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Garlieston Road which is distant Two hundred Yards (measured along the Garlieston Road) from the Point at which the same leaves the Wigton Road; thence in a straight Line to the Point first described.

Wigton. — From a Point on the Sea Shore, on the North-east

of '

Wigton District.

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV.

435

C. 65, 66.

of the Town, which is distant Four hundred Yards (measured along the Shore) to the North of the Point at which the Croft-en-reich Burn joins the Sea, in a* straight Line to the Point, at Trammond Ford, at which the Glenluce Road meets a Road to Bladenoch; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Bladenoch Water which is distant One hundred Yards (measured along the Bladenoch Water) above Bladenoch Bridge; thence down the Bladenoch Water to the Point at which the same joins the Sea; thence along the Sea Shore to the Point first described.

An Act to provide for the Conveyance of Premises, the Property of the Crown, situate between the Tower of

WHEREAS under and by virtue of several Acts, passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth, Forty-third, Fortysixth, Forty seventh, Fiftieth, Fifty-second, and Fifty-fourth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third,

the then Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury were empowered to purchase the Legal Quays, Warehouses, Buildings, and other Hereditaments therein mentioned, situate between London Bridge and the Tower of London: And whereas under and by virtue of the ' said Acts, or some or one of them, the Legal Quays, and certain Warehouses, Buildings, and other Hereditaments, situate as aforesaid, were purchased by the then Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and the Values of the said Legal Quays, Warehouses, Buildings, and other Hereditaments as aforesaid paid to the Persons entitled thereto respectively, in the Manner directed by the said Acts, or some or one of them;

and the said Legal Quays, Warehouses, Buildings, and other Hereditaments so purchased as aforesaid were duly conveyed to the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, subject to the several Rent-charges, Leases, and Agreements for Leases then subsisting: And whereas in consequence of the Destruction of the Custom House in the City of London by Fire, in the Month of February One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, several of the Title Deeds and Copies of Deeds of and relating to the said Quays, Warehouses, Buildings, and other Hereditaments, deposited at the said Custom House, were burnt or otherwise destroyed, and in consequence thereof Difficulties may arise in making a good Title to the said Legal Quays, Warehouses, Buildings, and other Hereditaments, or some or one of them For Remedy whereof be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the 'Hie Commis-passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall contract "oners of the and agree, or if any Person or Persons shall have contracted and agreed, for the Purchase, Sale, or Disposal of any of the said convey the

CAP. LXVI.

London and London Bridge.

[17th July 1832.]

Ff 2

Quays, Legal Quay*,

436

C. 66.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1832.

Warehouses,

&c.

After Sale of the Quays the future Proprietors to become chargeable with the Parochial Rates.

Quays, Warehouses, Buildings, and other Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord High Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, who for the Purposes of this Act shall be deemed to be a Corporate Body, or any Three or more of them, by Indenture or Indentures under their Hands and Seals, to convey and assure any or all of the said Quays, Warehouses, Buildings, and other Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, situate as aforesaid, to any Person or Persons who may agree or who shall have agreed to and for the Purchase, Sale, and Disposal thereof; and that such Conveyance and Assurance shall be a sufficient Title to the same Premises, and by force of this Act shall effectually vest in the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns, or the Person or Persons to whom he, she, or they shall direct the same to be conveyed and assured, the Fee Simple and Inheritance of and in such Quays, Warehouses, Buildings, and other Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, as in such Indenture or Indentures shall or may be mentioned and expressed, free and clear of and from all Estates, Rights, Charges, and Incumbrances whatsoever, save and except such Rights, Charges, Estates, and Incumbrances as the said Lord High Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or such as the Purchaser or Purchasers, his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns, shall have Notice of before such Conveyance and Assurance shall be completed.

II. And whereas it is recited by the said Act passed in the ' Fifty-second Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George ' the Third, that the Sum of Two hundred and twenty Pounds 6 Twelve Shillings and Ten-pence Halfpenny is annually paid by ' the Direction of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's ' Treasury, in respect of the then present Custom House, and

other Premises contiguous to or connected therewith, which 1 by Law were not rateable; and that another Sum, amounting to ' Two hundred and twenty Pounds Twelve Shillings and Ten-

pence Halfpenny, was legally payable and paid as Rates in ' respect of the Legal Quays in front of the said Custom House ' and Premises, to the respective Collectors of the Parochial and

Ward Rates and Assessments in the Ward of Tower and in the ' Parish of Allhallows Barking within the said Ward, and that ' it was expedient that the said respective annual Sums should be continued; and it was by the said Act enacted, that the ' respective annual Sums then paid as aforesaid should yearly and every Year for ever thereafter be paid out of Consolidated ' Customs to the respective Collectors for the Time being of the

Rates and Assessments to whom the same were then respectively paid, without any Deduction or Abatement whatever, in

the same Parts, Shares, and Proportions, and at the same Days

or Times, and in the same Manner, as the other Rates or

Assessments of the said Ward and Parish respectively should ' for the Time being be paid, and should be considered as Part ' of the Produce thereof: And whereas, after the Sale and

Disposal of the said Quays, Warehouses, Buildings, and other

Hereditaments by the said Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords ' Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them,

for

A.D. 1832. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 66.

437

for the Time being, the said last-mentioned Premises would f cease to be Public Property, and it would in that Event be no longer just and reasonable that the Consolidated Customs should be charged with the Payment of the said annual Sums,

but that the future Proprietor or Proprietors thereof should be charged and assessed with the Payment of the same be it further enacted, That from and after the Conveyance and Assurance of all those Quays commonly called or known by the Name of Custom House and Wool Quays, and the Warehouses and other Buildings and Erections standing and being thereon, with the Appurtenances thereto belonging, and in respect of which, or some Part or Parts thereof, the said Two last-mentioned Sums are payable, so much of the said Act as directs Payment of the said Two Sums of Two hundred and twenty Pounds Twelve Shillings and Ten-pence Halfpenny, and Two hundred and twenty Pounds Twelve Shillings and Ten-pence Halfpenny, out of the Consolidated Customs, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Rates may be

to and for the Collectors of the said last-mentioned Sums for the JfcoJred ^oin Time being to collect, ask for, demand, and receive the same, o/the^uav" and no more, from the Occupier or Occupiers of the said Pre- ys *

mises for the Time being; and if the same are not paid, such Collectors shall have the same Powers to levy and recover the same as they have in other Cases where such Rates are not paid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Occupiers may for such Occupier or Occupiers to deduct the Sums paid by

him or them to such Collector as aforesaid, or distrained for as thdrRents aforesaid, from any Rent that may be then or at any Time afterwards due from him or them in respect of such Premises, and that such Payment shall be so far a Discharge to such Occupier or Occupiers between him or them and the Person or Persons entitled to receive the Rent of such Premises.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Monies arising from Application of any such Sale or Disposal of the said Quays, Warehouses, Build- Monies arising ings, and other Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, under this fj^ the of

Act, shall be paid into and carried to the Account of Consoli- 1 e

dated Customs; and the Receipt of the Receiver General of that Revenue for the Time being shall be indorsed upon every Deed or Deeds of Conveyance or Assurance of any such Quays,

Warehouses, Buildings, and other Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, and shall be a sufficient Discharge or Discharges to every Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, his, her, and their Heirs and Assigns, for so much Money as in such Receipt or Receipts shall be expressed to have been received by any such Receiver General.

Ff 3

438

C. 67.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

7 & 8 G.4. c. 43.

Guardians and Committees of incapacitated Patrons may consent to the Separation of Parishes.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act to amend an Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, relating to the Union of Parishes in Ireland.

[17th Jidy 1832.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws in force in Ireland for Unions and Divisions of Parishes, and for uniting or disappropriating Appropriate Parishes or Parts of Parishes, and to make further Provision with respect to the erecting Chapels of Ease and making Perpetual Cures, it is among other things enacted, that from and after the passing of the said Act it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other

Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, with the Assent of the major Part of His Majesty's Privy Council, and with the Advice and Approbation of the Arch-15 bishop of the Province and the Bishop of the Diocese, and with the Consent of the respective Patrons, certified under 6 their Hands and Seals, attested by Two or more credible Witnesses subscribing thereto, to divide old Parishes, or to

separate any Parish or Part of a Parish heretofore united, in whatever Manner such Union may have been effected: And whereas no Provision has been made in the said recited Act for the Consent of Patrons in those Cases in which the Patrons may be either Infant or Lunatic, or married Woman: And whereas, in default of such Provision, Difficulties have arisen to the Separation of Parishes, which the Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council of Ireland, with the Approbation of the Archbishops and Bishops of the respective Dioceses, may deem it advisable to separate Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Patron or joint Patron of a Benefice shall at any Time after the passing of this Act prove to be a Minor, Lunatic, or Idiot, it shall be lawful for the Guardian or Guardians of such Patron being a Minor, or for the Committee of such Patron being a Lunatic or Idiot, with the Approbation in either Case respectively of the Lord Chancellor of Ireland for the Time being, to be obtained on Petition made to him for that Purpose, to give Consent, on behalf of such Patron, to the Division of any Parish or the Separation of any Parish or Part of a Parish heretofore united, in as full and ample a Manner as such Patron being of full Age and sound Mind could have done under the said recited Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of His late Majesty: Provided always, that when the Patron or Patrons or joint Patron or joint Patrons of any such Parish or Parishes shall be a married Woman or married Women, it shall be lawful for such married Woman or married Women, as the Case may be, to signify and declare her or their Consent in open Court of Chancery in Ireland, to be there recorded and inrolled, and such Consent so given and inrolled shall be valid and binding as if such married Woman or married Women were single or discovert.

A.D. 1832. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 68. 439

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Trespasses upon Property by Persons in pursuit of Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[17th July 1832.]

WHEREAS Trespasses upon Property by Persons unlawfully engaged in the Pursuit of Game have recently become frequent in various Parts of Scotland, and have, in ' many Cases, been attended by Acts of Violence and Intimidation, for the Repression of which the Laws now in force in that Part of the United Kingdom provide no sufficient Remedy, and

that it is therefore expedient that more effectual and summary Remedies should be provided be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person whatsoever shall commit any Trespass by entering or being, in the Day-time, upon any Land, without Leave of the Proprietor, in search or pursuit of Game, or of Deer, Roe, Woodcocks, Snipes, Quails, Landrails, Wild Ducks, or Conies, such Person shall, on being summarily convicted thereof before a Justice of the Peace, on Proof on Oath by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or Confession of the Offence, or upon other legal Evidence, forfeit and pay such Sum of Money, not exceeding Two Pounds, as to the Justice shall seem meet, together with the Costs of the Conviction; and that if any Person having his Face blackened, coloured, or otherwise disfigured for the Purpose of Disguise, or if any Persons to the Number of Five or more together shall commit any Trespass by entering or being, in the Day-time, upon any Land in search or pursuit of Game, or of Deer, Roe, Woodcocks, Snipes, Quails, Landrails, Wild Ducks, or Conies, each of such Persons shall, on being summarily convicted thereof before a Justice of the Peace on Proof on Oath by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or Confession of the Offence, or upon other legal Evidence, forfeit and pay such Sum of Money, not exceeding Five Pounds, as to the said Justice shall seem meet, together with the Expences of Process: Provided always, that any Person charged with any such Trespass shall be at liberty to prove, by way of Defence, any Matter which would have been a Defence to an Action at Law for such Trespass.

II. And be it enacted, That where any Person shall be trespassing on any Land, in the Day-time, in search or pursuit of Game, or Woodcocks, Snipes, Quails, Landrails, Wild Ducks, or Conies, it shall be lawful for any Person having the Right of killing the Game upon such Land, or for the Occupier of the Land, or for any Gamekeeper or Servant of either of them, or for any Person authorized by either of them, to require the Person so trespassing forthwith to quit the Land whereon he shall be so trespassing, and also to tell his Christian Name, Surname, and Place of Abode; and in case such Person shall, after being so required, offend by refusing to tell his real Name or Place of

F f 4 Abode,

Penalty on Persons trespassing in the Day-time upon Lands in search of Game.

[Proviso.]

Such Trespassers may be required to quit the Land, and to give their Names and Abodes; and in case of Refusal may be arrested.

440

C. 68.

2° & 3o GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 18S&.

[Penalty.]

Party arrested must be discharged, unless brought before a Justice within 12 Hours.

What to be deemed Daytime.

The Provisions as to Trespassers not to apply to Persons hunting, &c.

Game may be taken from Trespassers not delivering up the same when demanded.

Penalty on Aggressors for assaulting any one executing this Act.

Abode, or by giving such a general Description of his Place of Abode as shall be illusory for the Purpose of Discovery, or by wilfully continuing or returning upon the Land, it shall be lawful for the Party so requiring as aforesaid, and also for any Person acting by his Order and in his Aid, to apprehend such Offender, and to convey him, or cause him to be conveyed, as soon as conveniently may be, before a Justice of the Peace; and such Offender (whether so apprehended or not) , upon being summarily convicted of any such Offence before a Justice of the Peace, at the Instance of the Owner or Occupier of such Land, or of the Procurator Fiscal for the County, on Proof on Oath by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or Confession of the Offence, or upon other legal Evidence, shall forfeit and pay such Sum of Money, not exceeding Five Pounds, as to the convicting Justice shall seem meet, together with Expences of Process: Provided always, that no Person so apprehended shall on any Pretence whatsoever be detained for a longer Period than Twelve Hours from the Time of his Apprehension until he shall be brought before some Justice of the Peace; and that if he cannot, on account of the Absence or Distance of the Residence of any such Justice of the Peace, or owing to any other reasonable Cause, be brought before a Justice of the Peace within such Twelve Hours as aforesaid, then the Person so apprehended shall be discharged at the End of that Time, but may nevertheless be proceeded against for his Offence by Summons or Warrant, according to the Provisions herein-after mentioned, as if no such Apprehension had taken place.

III. And be it enacted, That for the Purposes of this Act the Day-time shall be deemed to commence at the Beginning of the last Hour before Sunrise, and to conclude at the Expiration of the first Hour after Sunset.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the aforesaid Provisions against Trespassers shall not extend to any Person hunting or coursing upon any Lands with Hounds or Greyhounds, and being in fresh Pursuit of any Deer, Hare, or Fox already started upon any other Land on which such Person was entitled to hunt or course.

V. And be it enacted, That where any Person shall be found trespassing by Day upon any Land in search or pursuit of Game, and shall, then and there have in his Possession any Game, it shall be lawful for any Person having the Right of killing the Game upon such Land, or for the Occupier of such Land, or for any Gamekeeper or Servant of either of them, or for any other Person authorized by either of them, or for any Person acting by the Order and in Aid of any of the said several Persons, to demand from such Trespasser such Game in his Possession, and in case such Trespasser shall not immediately deliver up such Game, to seize and take the same from him, for the Use of the Person entitled to the Game upon such Land.

VI. And be it enacted, That if any Person being in the Commission of a Trespass shall assault or obstruct any Person acting in the Execution or in virtue of the Powers and Provisions of this Act, such Person, on being convicted thereof before Two Justices of

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 68.

441

of Peace, on Proof on Oath by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or Confession of the Offence, or upon other legal Evidence, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, over and above any Penalty which he may have incurred by contravening this Act, and in default of Payment thereof, at such Time as to the said Justices may seem fit, shall be imprisoned in the Common Gaol or House of Correction (with or without hard Labour) for a Period not exceeding Three Months.

VII. And be it enacted, That every Penalty and Forfeiture for any Offence against this Act shall be paid to the Moderator or other Officer of the Kirk Session of the Parish where the Offence was committed, for the Use and Benefit of the Poor of such Parish.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the Justice or Justices of the Peace by whom any Person shall be summarily convicted and adjudged to pay any Sum of Money for any Offence against this Act, together with Expences, may adjudge that such Person shall pay the same, either immediately, or within such Period as the said Justice or Justices shall think fit; and that in default of Payment at the Time appointed, such Person shall be imprisoned in the Common Gaol or House of Correction (with or without hard Labour) , as to the Justice or Justices shall seem meet, for any Term not exceeding Two Calendar Months, the Imprisonment to cease upon Payment of the Amount and Costs

IX. And be it enacted, That the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Person shall be summarily convicted of any Offence against this Act may cause the Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the same or the like Effect; (that is to say,)

\ XIE it remembered, That on the Day

4 to wit. j of in j-hg Year of our

4 Lord at in the County of [or Division, et cetera, as the Case may be-\,

4 A. O. is convicted before me J. P., One [or us J.P. and J.J.P., 4 Two. as the Case may require], of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County [et cetera-\9 for that he the said A. O. 4 did unlawfully on at

trespass or was found trespassing in search or pursuit of Game 4 [et cetera, as the Case may be}9 and I [or we] do adjudge that the said A. O. shall for the said Offence forfeit the Sum 4 of [or we do adjudge that the said A. O.

shall for the said Offence forfeit the Sum of ],

and shall forthwith pay the said Sum, together with the Sum of of Expences of Process, and that in

default of immediate Payment of the said Sums he the said A.O. shall be imprisoned [or imprisoned and kept to hard Labour] in the of for the

4 Space of unless the said Sums shall be sooner

paid; [or, and I [or we] order that the said Sums shall be paid by the said A. O. on or before the Day

of and in default of Payment on or before

that Day I [or we] adjudge the said A. O. to be imprisoned 4 [or imprisoned and kept to hard Labour] in the

4 of

Application of Penalties.

Justices to fix the Time for Payment of Penalties.

Imprisonment for Nonpayment.

Form of Conviction.

C. 68.

2° & 3« GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Power to summon Witnesses.

Penalty for Disobedience of Summons, &c.

As to Prosecutions for Offences.

Prosecutor not required to prove a Negative.

of for the Space of unless the said Sums shall be sooner paid]; and I [or we] direct that the said Sum of (*.«. the Penalty) shall be

paid to being the Minister of, et cetera, to be by

him applied according to the Directions of the Statute in such

Case made and provided; and I [or we] order that the said

Sum of of Expences shall be paid

to (the Complainer). Given under my Hand

[or our Hands] the Day and Year first above mentioned.

Jm P *

[or J.P. and J. J. P.]

X. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace to issue his Summons requiring any Person to appear before himself, or any One or Two Justices of the Peace, as the Case may require, for the Purpose of giving Evidence touching any Offence against this Act; and if any Person so summoned shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place appointed by such Summons, and no reasonable Excuse for his Absence shall be proved before the Justice or Justices then and there present, or if any Person appearing in obedience to such Summons shall refuse to be examined on Oath touching any such Offence by the Justice or Justices then and there present, every Person so offending shall, on Conviction thereof before the said Justice or Justices, or any other Justice or Justices of the Peace, forfeit and pay such Sum of Money, not exceeding Five Pounds, as to the convicting Justice or Justices shall seem meet.

XI. And be it enacted, That the Prosecution for every Offence punishable by virtue of this Act shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months after the Commission of the Offence; and that where any Person shall be charged, on the Oath of a credible Witness, with any such Offence before a Justice of the Peace, the Justice may summon the Party charged to appear before himself, or any One or Two Justices of the Peace, as the Case may require, at any Time and Place to be named in such Summons; and if such Party shall not appear accordingly, then (upon Proof of the due Service of the Summons, by delivering a Copy thereof to the Party, or by delivering such Copy at the Party's usual Place of Abode to some Inmate thereat, and explaining the Purport thereof to such Inmate,) the Justice or Justices may either proceed to hear and determine the Case in the Absence of the Party, or may issue his or their Warrant for apprehending and bringing such Party before him or them, as the Case may be; or the Justice before whom the Charge shall be made may, if he shall have Reason to suspect, from Information upon Oath, that the Party is likely to abscond, issue such Warrant in the first instance, without any previous Summons.

XII. And be it declared and enacted, That it shall not be necessary in any Proceeding against any Person under this Act to negative by Evidence any Licence, Consent, Authority, or other Matter of Exception or Defence; but that the Party seeking to avail himself of any such Licence, Consent, Authority, or other Matter of Exception or Defence, shall be bound to prove the same.

C. 68.

443

XIII. And be it enacted, That the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence punishable under this Act shall transmit every such Conviction to the next Court of General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County or Division wherein the Offence shall have been committed, there to be kept by the proper Officer among the Records of the Court.

XIV. And be it enacted, That any Person who shall think himself aggrieved by any Conviction in pursuance of this Act may appeal to the Justices at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden, not less than Twelve Days after such Conviction, for the County or Division wherein the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, provided that such Person shall give to the Complainant a Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of the Cause and Matter thereof, within Three Days after such Conviction, and Seven clear Days at the least before such Sessions, and shall also remain either in Custody until the Sessions, or within such Three Days find a Security, by Bail Bond before a Justice, personally to appear at the said Sessions, and to try such Appeal, and to abide the Judgment of the Court thereupon, and to pay such Costs as shall be by the Court awarded; and upon such Notice being given, and such Security being found, the Justice before whom the same shall be produced shall liberate such Person if in Custody; and the Court at such Sessions shall hear and determine the Matter of the Appeal, and shall make such Order therein, with or without Costs to either Party, as to the Court shall seem meet, and in case of the Dismissal of the Appeal, or the Affirmance of the Conviction, shall order and adjudge the Offender to be dealt with and punished according to the Conviction, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded, and shall, if necessary, grant Warrant for enforcing such Judgment in common Form.

XV. And be it enacted, That no Conviction in pursuance of this Act, or Judgment given on Appeal therefrom, shall be quashed for Want of Form, or be removed by Advocation, Suspension, or Reduction into any Superior Court of Law; and that no Warrant of Commitment shall be held void by reason of any Defect therein, provided it be therein alleged that it is founded on a Conviction, and there be a good and valid Conviction to sustain the same.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall prevent any Person from proceeding by way of Civil Action to recover Damages in respect of any Trespass upon his Land, whether committed in pursuit of Game or otherwise, save and except that where any Proceedings shall have been instituted under the Provisions of this Act against any Person for or in respect of any Trespass, no Action at Law shall be maintainable for the same Trespass by any Person at whose Instance or with whose Concurrence or Assent such Proceedings shall have been instituted, but that such Proceedings shall in such Case be a Bar to any such Action, and may be given in Evidence to this Purpose and Effect.

XVII. And for the Protection of Persons acting in the Execution of this Act, be it enacted, That all Actions and Prosecutions

to

Convictions to be returned to Sessions, and kept as Evidence.

Appeal.

Convictions,

&c. not to be quashed for Want of Form, or removable by Advocation, &c.

This Act not to preclude Actions for Trespass; but no Double Proceedings shall be had for the same Trespass.

Venue.

C. 68, 69.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV;

A.D. 1832.

Notice of Action.

Tender of Amends.

Limits of Act.

Monies or Personal Property belonging to Municipal Corporations not to be applied in or towards Parliamentary Elections;

and all Bonds, &c. for securing the same void.

Payments, &c. made for the Purpose of inducing any Person to exert

to be commenced against any Person for any thing done in pursuance of this Act shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the Fact committed, and not otherwise; and Notice in Writing of such Action, and of Cause thereof, shall be given to the Defender One Calendar Month at least before the Commencement of the Action; and no Prosecutor shall recover in any such Action if Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made before such Action brought, or if a sufficient Sum of Money shall have been paid into Court after such Action brought, by or on behalf of the Defender.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to England, Wales, or Ireland,

CAP. LXIX.

An Act to prevent the Application of Corporate Property

to the Purposes of Election of Members to serve in Parliament.

[1st August 1832.]

WHEREAS the Property belonging to Cities, Towns, Cinque

5 T Ports, and Boroughs Corporate in the United Kingdom ' of Great Britain and Ireland may be wasted and dissipated by ' the Application thereof in or towards the Expences attendant ' upon Parliamentary Elections, to the great Detriment of such ' Municipal Corporations; and it is expedient to make Provision c to prevent such Detriment, and also to ensure the Freedom of ' Election by restraining the Application of Corporate Property

6 as before mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the x^uthority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall not be lawful for any Municipal Corporation as aforesaid, or any Court, Guild, Council, or Assembly constituting or composed of the ruling or governing Part or Class thereof, or any Corporate Officer, Trustee, or other Person acting on behalf of such Corporation or any Part thereof, to pay, transfer, give, bestow, or apply any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Parliamentary or other Stocks, Funds, or Securities for Money, or any Personal Chattel, belonging to or vested in the same Corporation or any Part thereof, or in any Individual in Trust for or for the Benefit of such Corporation, in satisfaction, compensation, or discharge of any Expences incident to or incurred or occasioned by the Election of a Member to serve in the Commons House of Parliament, or by any Person offering himself as a Candidate at or previous to a Parliamentary Election; and that all Bonds, Covenants, Recognizances, or Judgments given, executed, or suffered by any such Corporation, or any Part or Class thereof, or by any Corporate Officer, Trustee, or other Person in the Name or on the Behalf of such Corporation, for the Purpose of securing the Payment of such Expences, shall be utterly void.

II. And be it further enacted, That any Gifts, Transfers, Payments, or Gratuities, Bonds, Covenants, Recognizances, or Judgments, made, paid, given, executed, or suffered by any Corporation, Part of a Corporation, or Corporate Officer, or

Trustee,

C. 69 *

445

Trustee, or other Person as aforesaid, for the Purpose of inducing or influencing any Person or Persons to labour in Parliamentary Elections at a future Time, or to pay, satisfy, or incur any such Expences as aforesaid at a future Time, shall be deemed to be Payments, Transfers, Applications, and Securities forbidden and declared void by this Act, although the same may be ostensibly and colourably made, paid, given, executed, or suffered for any other Cause or Consideration.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Conveyances, Mortgages, Leases, or other Assurances or Dispositions of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, belonging to or vested in or held in Trust for any Municipal Corporation, made or executed for the Purpose of securing, satisfying, or compensating any Expences, Debts, Payments, or Disbursements, Liabilities or Engagements, incurred or to be incurred by the same Corporation, or any Part or Class thereof, or any Member, Officer, or Trustee thereof, or by any other Person on behalf of such Corporation, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and all Estates, Charges, and Incumbrances thereby created, shall be utterly void.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Votes, Orders, or Resolutions, Acts, Bye Laws, or other Proceedings made, passed, or adopted by any Municipal Corporation, or any Part or Class thereof, or any Member or Members thereof, for the Purpose of directing or authorizing, or pretending to direct or authorize, any Payment, Matter, or Thing forbidden by this Act, or for the Purpose of evading the Provisions hereby enacted, shall be utterly void.

V. And be it further enacted, That any Corporate Officer, Trustee, or other Person who shall make or concur in making any Payment, Transfer, or Application of Corporation Money, Stocks, Funds, or Securities, or Personal Chattel, as aforesaid, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be deemed and taken to have made the same in his own Wrong, and that he shall be individually liable to repay, satisfy, and make good the Amount or Value thereof to the same Corporation, notwithstanding any Release or pretended Indemnity which may be given to him in the Name of the same Corporation or any Part or Class thereof, or by any Person or Persons on behalf of such Corporation.

VI. And in order to frustrate any fraudulent Connivance or Concealment, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more Freemen, Burgesses, or Corporators of such Municipal Corporation to commence, bring, and prosecute any Action or Suit, at Law or in Equity, in the Name of the same Corporation, against any Officer, Trustee, or other Person who may have made such illegal Payment, Transfer, or Application as above mentioned, in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they, their Executors and Administrators, were jointly and severally appointed the irrevocable Attornies of such Corporation for that Purpose: Provided nevertheless, that before the Defendant in such Action or Suit shall be required to plead or answer, the Plaintiffs shall give reasonable Security for Payment of Costs, in case any shall become due from them, by the

Event

himself in Elections at a future Time to be considered as within this Act.

All Dispositions of Real Property, for the Purpose of satisfying or securing any Expences hereby prohibited, to be void.

All Votes and other Proceedings contrary to this Act to be void.

Corporate Officers, or others making any Payment contrary to this Act, to make good the Amount or Value so misapplied.

Corporators empowered to bring Actions or Suits in the Name of the Corporation.

C. 69, 70.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Members of Corporations offending against this Act guilty of a Misdemeanor.

47 G. 3. Sess. 2. c. 54.

Recited Act of 47 G. 3. as amended by the Acts of 50 G.3. and 10 G. 4., and revived by the Act of 1&2 W.4., further continued.

Event of the Action or Suit, in such Manner as the Court in which the same shall be brought may direct; such Costs to be taxed as between Attorney and Client.

VII. And be it further enacted, That any Member of a Municipal Corporation who shall authorize, direct, or command any Payment, Transfer, or Application hereby forbidden, or who shall assent to or concur or participate in any Affirmative Vote, Order, or Proceeding relating thereto, or shall sign or seal in his individual Capacity or affix the Corporate Seal to any Deed or Instrument hereby declared void, shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and, being thereof legally convicted in His Majesty's Court of Kings Bench at Westminster, shall, in addition to such Punishment as the Court may award, be for ever disabled to take, hold, or exercise any Office in the same Corporation.

CAP. LXX.

An Act to continue for One Year, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, several Acts relating to the Importation and keeping of Arms and Gunpowder in Ireland.

[1st August 1832.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third,

intituled An Act to prevent improper Persons from having Arms i in Ireland, to continue in force for a certain Period therein ' mentioned: And whereas the said Act was by another Act ' made in the Fiftieth Year of His said Majesty's Reign con-i tinued and amended: And whereas by another Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George ' the Fourth the said recited Acts of the Forty-seventh and

Fiftieth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the ' Third were further continued, and the said Acts were by

another Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His said ' late Majesty King George the Fourth amended and further ' continued for One Year, and until the End of the then next ' Session of Parliament, when the same expired: And whereas ' another Act was made in the First and Second Years of the ' Reign of His present Majesty, whereby from the passing thereof ' the said recited Acts were revived and continued for One '* Year; and it is expedient that the said Acts should be further ' continued be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, as the said Act is amended by the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year of the same Reign, and by the said recited Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, and as the said Acts are revived by the said recited Act of the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be and the said Acts are hereby continued, and shall be and remain in force from the passing of this Act for One Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

5 II. ' And

C. 70, 71.

447

II. And whereas an Act was passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to regulate for One Year the Importation of Arms, Gunpowder, and Ammunition into Ireland, and the making, removing, selling, and keeping of Arms, Gunpowder, and Ammunition in Ireland, and the said Act is in force until the End of this present Session of Parliament; and it is expedient that the said Act should be continued be it therefore further enacted, That the said recited Act shall be and the said Act is hereby continued and shall remain in force from the End of the present Session of Parliament for the Term of One Year, and thenceforth until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for shortening the Time of Prescription in certain

Cases.

[1st August 1832.]

WHEREAS the Expression Time Immemorial, or Time whereof the Memory of Man runneth not to the contrary," is now by the Law of England in many Cases considered to include and denote the whole Period of Time from the Reign of King Richard the First, whereby the Title to Matters that have been long enjoyed is sometimes defeated by shewing the Commencement of such Enjoyment, which is in many Cases productive of Inconvenience and Injustice; ' for Remedy thereof be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Claim which may be lawfully made at the Common Law, by Custom, Prescription, or Grant, to any Right of Common or other Profit or Benefit to be taken and enjoyed from or upon any Land of our Sovereign Lord the King, His Heirs or Successors, or any Land being Parcel of the Duchy of Lancaster or of the Duchy of Cornwall, or of any Ecclesiastical or Lay Person, or Body Corporate, except such Matters and Things as are herein specially provided for, and except Tithes, Rent, and Services, shall, where such Right, Profit, or Benefit shall have been actually taken and enjoyed by any Person claiming Right thereto without Interruption for the full Period of Thirty Years, be defeated or destroyed by shewing only that such Right, Profit, or Benefit was first taken or enjoyed at any Time prior to such Period of Thirty Years, but nevertheless such Claim may be defeated in any other Way by which the same is now liable to be defeated; and when such Right, Profit, or Benefit shall have been so taken and enjoyed as aforesaid for the full Period of Sixty Years, the Right thereto shall be deemed absolute and indefeasible, unless it shall appear that the same was taken and enjoyed by some Consent or Agreement expressly made or given for that Purpose by Deed or Writing.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Claim which may be lawfully made at the Common Law, by Custom, Prescription, or Grant, to any Way or other Easement, or to any Watercourse, or the Use of any Water, to be enjoyed or derived upon, over, or from

The Act 1 W. 4. c. 44. further continued.

Claims to Right of Common and other Profits A prendre, not to be defeated after Thirty Years Enjoyment by shewing the Commencement;

after Sixty Years Enjoyment the Right to be absolute, unless had by Consent or Agreement.

In Claims of Right of Way or other Easement the Periods to be 20 and 40 Years.

0.71.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Claim to the Use of Light enjoyed for 20 Years.

Before-mentioned Periods to be deemed those next before Suits.

In Actions on the Case, the Claimant may allege his Right generally, as at present.

In Pleas to Trespass and certain other Pleadings, the Period mentioned in this Act may be alleged.

Exceptions, &c. to be replied to specially.

from any Land or Water of our said Lord the King, His Heirs or Successors, or being Parcel of the Duchy of Lancaster or of the Duchy of Cornwall, or being the Property of any Ecclesiastical or Lay Person, or Body Corporate, when such Way or other Matter as herein last before mentioned shall have been actually enjoyed by any Person claiming Right thereto without Interruption for the full Period of Twenty Years, shall be defeated or destroyed by shewing only that such WTay or other Matter was first enjoyed at any Time prior to such Period of Twenty Years, but nevertheless such Claim may be defeated in any other Way by which the same is now liable to be defeated; and where such Way or other Matter as herein last before mentioned shall have been so enjoyed as aforesaid for the full Period of Forty Years, the Right thereto shall be deemed absolute and indefeasible, unless it shall appear that the same was enjoyed by some Consent or Agreement expressly given or made for that Purpose by Deed or Writing.

III. And be it further enacted, That when the Access and Use of Light to and for any Dwelling House, Workshop, or other Building shall have been actually enjoyed therewith for the full Period of Twenty Years without Interruption, the Right thereto shall be deemed absolute and indefeasible, any local Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding, unless it shall appear that the same was enjoyed by some Consent or Agreement expressly made or given for that Purpose by Deed or Writing.

IV. And be it further enacted, That each of the respective Periods of Years herein-before mentioned shall be deemed and taken to be the Period next before some Suit or Action wherein the Claim or Matter to which such Period may relate shall have been or shall be brought into question, and that no Act or other Matter shall be deemed to be an Interruption, within the Meaning of this Statute, unless the same shall have been or shall be submitted to or acquiesced in for One Year after the Party interrupted shall have had or shall have Notice thereof, and of the Person making or authorizing the same to be made.

V. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions upon the Case and other Pleadings, wherein the Party claiming may now by Law allege his Right generally, without averring the Existence of such Right from Time immemorial, such general Allegation shall still be deemed sufficient, and if the same shall be denied, all and every the Matters in this Act mentioned and provided, which shall be applicable to the Case, shall be admissible in Evidence to sustain or rebut such Allegation; and that in all Pleadings to Actions of Trespass, and in all other Pleadings wherein before the passing of this Act it would have been necessary to allege the Right to have existed from Time immemorial, it shall be sufficient to allege the Enjoyment thereof as of Right by the Occupiers of the Tenement in respect whereof the same is claimed for and during such of the Periods mentioned in this Act as may be applicable to the Case, and without claiming in the Name or Right of the Owner of the Fee, as is now usually done; and if the other Party shall intend to rely on any Proviso, Exception, Incapacity, Disability, Contract, Agreement, or other Matter herein-before mentioned, or

2 & 3° GULIELMI IV.

449

C. 71, 72.

on any Cause or Matter of Fact or of Law not inconsistent with the simple Fact of Enjoyment, the same shall be specially alleged and set forth in answer to the Allegation of the Party claiming, and shall not be received in Evidence on any general Traverse or Denial of such Allegation.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in the several Cases mentioned in and provided for by this Act, no Presumption shall be allowed or made in favour or support of any Claim, upon Proof of the Exercise or Enjoyment of the Right or Matter claimed for any less Period of Time or Number of Years than for such Period or Number mentioned in this Act as may be applicable to the Case and to the Nature of the Claim.

VII. Provided also, That the Time during which any Person otherwise capable of resisting any Claim to any of the Matters before mentioned shall have been or shall be an Infant, Idiot, Non compos mentis, Feme Covert, or Tenant for Life, or during which any Action or Suit shall have been pending, and which shall have been diligently prosecuted, until abated by the Death of any Party or Parties thereto, shall be excluded in the Computation of the Periods herein-before mentioned, except only in Cases where the Right or Claim is hereby declared to be absolute and indefeasible.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when any Land or Water upon, over, or from which any such Way or other convenient Watercourse or Use of Water shall have been or shall be enjoyed or derived hath been or shall be held under or by virtue of any Term of Life, or any Term of Years exceeding Three Years from the granting thereof, the Time of the Enjoyment of any such Way or other Matter as herein last before mentioned, during the Continuance of such Term, shall be excluded in the Computation of the said Period of Forty Years, in case the Claim shall within Three Years next aflter the End or sooner Determination of such Term be resisted by any Person entitled to any Reversion expectant on the Determination thereof.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect on the First Day of Michaelmas Term now next ensuing.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered, or repealed during this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, relative to Remedies against the Hundred.

[1st August 1832.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to extend the Provisions of an Act made and passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws in England relative to Remedies against the Hundred, to Threshing 2A- 3 Gul.lv. Gg Machines

Presumption to be allowed in Claims herein provided for.

Proviso for Infants, &c.

What Time to be excluded in computing the Term of Forty Years appointed by this Act.

Limitation.

[Commencement of Act.]

Act may be amended.

7 & 8 G.4. c. 31.

450

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Remedy may be had against the Hundred for Damages done to Threshing Machines.

Provisions of recited Act extended to Threshing Machines.

Limitation.

7 G.4. c. 62.

1 & 2 W. 4. c. 51. s. 3.

C. 72, 73.

Machines:' Be it therefore enacted by the King s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Threshing Machine, whether fixed or moveable, or any Part thereof, shall be feloniously cut, broken, damaged, or destroyed by any Persons riotously and tumultuously assembled together, then and in every such Case the Inhabitants of the Hundred, Wapentake, Ward, or other District in the Nature of a Hundred, or by whatever Name it shall be denominated, in which any such Offence shall be committed, shall be liable to yield full Compensation to the Person or Persons damnified by the Offence, not only for the Damage so done to any such Machines as aforesaid, but also for any Damage which may at the same Time be done by any such Offenders to any Erection or Fixture whatever in or about or belonging to any such Machines.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several Clauses, Remedies, and Provisions contained in the said recited Act shall extend and be construed to extend to such Machines as are hereinbefore mentioned, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same Machines had been mentioned and particularized in the said recited Act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to Scotland or Ireland.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act to amend Two Acts, of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, and in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the uniform Valuation of Lands and Tenements in the several Baronies, Parishes, and other Divisions of Counties in Ireland.

[1st August 1832.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to make Provision for the uniform Valuation of Lands and Tenements in the several Baronies, Parishes, and other Divisions of Counties in Ireland, for the Purpose of the more equally levying of the Rates and Charges upon such Baronies, Parishes, and Divisions respectively; And whereas by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for amending the said recited Act, it was among other things enacted, that no Houses,

Lands, or Tenements which by any Law or Usage have been heretofore exempted from Applotment or Assessment for or towards Cesses or Rates imposed by or under Grand Jury Presentment should be included in the Valuation by the said recited Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth authorized and directed to be made:

And whereas it may be useful that a complete Valuation of all Houses, Lands, or Tenements exceeding the annual Rent or Value of Three Pounds should be made, but that Houses, 4 Lands, or Tenements of a public or charitable Nature should be exempt from Assessment towards County or Parochial

8 4 Rates

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 73.

451

Rates; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the herein- Recited Provi-before recited Provision of the said Act of the last Session of sion ofi&2W.4. Parliament shall be and the same is hereby repealed. c#51, JP*PeaIec*"

II. And be it further enacted, That all Houses, Lands, and All Houses, Tenements whatsoever, saving only Houses of an annual Rent or ^f11^ &c* Value not exceeding Three Pounds, as by the said Act of the last v^ued^and Session of Parliament in that Behalf excepted and provided, shall entered in be valued, and the Particulars of the Valuation thereof entered Field Books, in the Field Books to be prepared of each Parish, as by the said Act of the Seventh Year of His late Majesty appointed and required.

III. Provided, and be it further enacted, That in making out Commissioner

from such Field Books as aforesaid the Lists or Tables of the °* 1Y*?.ution.

several Parishes within each Barony, and of the Townlands or Housesf&c,

other Subdenominations or Divisions of Land within every such which shall be* Parish, as by the said Act of the Seventh Year of His late Majesty exempted from appointed and required, the Commissioner of Valuation of each Applotment, County shall distinguish all Houses, Lands, or Tenements of a &c *

public Nature or used for charitable Purposes within every such Parish, and the Value of the same shall be deducted from the gross Amount of the Valuation of the Houses, Lands, and Tenements comprised in each such List or Table; and all such

Houses, Lands, and Tenements so distinguished and deducted

shall be exempt from Applotment or Assessment for or towards all County Cess Charges and Parish Rates whatsoever; and the Lists, Tables, or Valuations so reduced shall be and be deemed to be the Lists, Tables, or Valuations, according to the Proportions specified, wherein all Grand Jury and Parish Rates shall be assessed and levied, pursuant to the Provisions of the hereinbefore recited Acts, any thing therein contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Houses, Lands, or What Houses, Tenements shall be deemed to be of a public Nature or used &c* exempted for charitable Purposes within the Provisions of this Act, unless Applot-such Houses, Lands, or Tenements shall be altogether of a public men

Nature or used exclusively for charitable Purposes.

V. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act High Consta-of the last Session of Parliament as requires the High Constables blef>&c*to and other Collectors of County Cess to make Returns of the ^k^tUrnS several Houses, Lands, or Tenements within their respective Houses and Districts of Collection where or in respect whereof no Applot- Lands ex-ment or Assessment was made of or towards raising the last empted. previous Charges or County Cess shall from and after the passing of this Act be taken and deemed to refer to and comprise

only such Houses, Lands, and Tenements as, having been so exempted, may be altogether of a public Nature or used exclusively for charitable Purposes, and as if the Obligation or Duty to make such Returns had been expressly so limited by the said last-mentioned Act; and that for the Purposes of this Act such limited Returns shall be called for and made in like Manner, and under like Penalties for any Default therein, as the Returns by

452

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV.

Appeal may be made against Exemption or Non-exemption, as on any other Ground, and Committees of Appeal and of Revision may amend the Valuation as in other respects.

Parts of the County of the City of Dublin beyond the Circular Road to be within the Provisions of the recited Acts and this Act.

5 G, 4. c. cxviii.

C. 73.

A.D. 1832.

the said Act of the last Session of Parliament required to be made for the Purposes of such Act.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Select Vestry, holden and constituted as by the said recited Act of the Seventh Year of His late Majesty provided, to appeal against any Valuation contained in any Table or List, or against the Formation of any Table or List prepared under Authority of this Act and of the said recited Acts of His late or present Majesty, on the Ground of any Houses, Lands, or Tenements having been improperly considered as of a public or charitable Nature, and distinguished or deducted from any List or Valuation accordingly, whether such Houses, Lands, or Tenements be situate in the Parish or Townland wherein such Vestry may be holden, or in any other Parish or Townland of the same Barony; and that such Appeal shall be determined upon, and a Memorandum of the Agreement so to appeal made, and like Notice thereof given, as in case of Appeal on any Ground whereupon it may be lawful to appeal by virtue of the Provisions of either of the said recited Acts; and that the Committee of Appeal, constituted according to the Provisions of the said Act of His late Majesty, shall have like Power and Authority to deal therewith, and to send for and examine Witnesses, and administer Oaths or Affirmations, under and subject to the like Pains and Penalties for Perjury committed therein as in Cases of Appeal on any other Ground whatever; and such Committee shall direct the Amendment of such List, Table, or Valuation, or confirm the same, as they shall be of opinion that the Houses, Lands, or Tenements in respect whereof such Appeal may have been made are or are not of a public or charitable Nature, and that the same ought or ought not to be liable to Applotment and Assessment accordingly; and the Committee of Revision in every County, constituted under Authority of the said recited Act of His late Majesty's Reign, shall afterwards and in like Manner have Power and Authority to inquire into and determine the Justice and Propriety of the Formation of such List or Lists, and to allow or disallow the Exemption of any Houses, Lands, or Tenements under the Provisions of this Act, and to amend, if need be, the Valuation of any Barony accordingly.

VII. And whereas it is by the said recited Act of the Seventh ' Year of the Reign of His late Majesty enacted, that the Provisions and Directions in such Act contained should extend c to all Counties, Counties of Cities, Counties of Towns, and

Towns Corporate in Ireland, except the County of the City of c Dublin, and Provision has been made for the Valuation of every ' House situate and being in the said City of Dublin, or the County of the said City, or the County of Dublin, and within ' or upon the Circular Road of the City of Dublin, by an Act passed in the Fifth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, intituled

An Act to provide for valuing the Houses situate in and near the ' City of Dublin, and for the more equal Payment of the local Taxes

there: And whereas certain Parts of the said County of the City of Dublin lie beyond the said Circular Road, and it is expedient that Provision should be made for the Valuation of the Houses, Lands, or Tenements so situate beyond such Circular

4 Road

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV.

453

C. 73, 74.

Road and within such County of the City of Dublin; be it therefore further enacted, That all Provisions and Directions in the said Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty and in the said Act of the First and Second Years of His present Majesty's Reign and in this Act contained, relating to Counties and the Valuation thereof, shall extend to and comprise such Parts of the said County of the City of Dublin as lie beyond the said Circular Road, as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if the herein-before recited Exception of the said County of the City of Dublin had not been made.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the End County Cess of the Assizes or Presenting Term, as the Case may be, next Charges, Grand ensuing the Day on which such List and Valuation for any Jury Rates and County, as is in the said recited Act of the Seventh Year of the may be levied Reign of His late Majesty described, the same being signed as after End of therein required, and duly prepared according to the Provisions Assizes or Pre-of the said recited Acts of His late and present Majesty and of senting Term this Act, shall be published in the Dublin Gazette, all County next ensuing Cess Charges whatsoever, and all Grand Jury Rates imposed or *be List and* to be imposed on any such County by Presentments of the Grand Valuation shall Jury, or to be raised off such County, or any Barony, Parish, be published iu or Division thereof, and all Parish Rates imposed or levied or to the Dublin be levied under Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament, shall Gazette* be assessed and levied off such County, and off every Barony,

Parish, Townland, or other Division therein, according to the Proportions specified in such List and Valuation so prepared and published under Authority of the said recited Acts and of this Act; any Law, Statute, Usage, or Custom, or any former Assessment or Valuation, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act to permit the Distillation of Spirits from Mangel Wurzel.

[1st August 1832.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties payable in respect of Spirits 6 G. 4. c. 80.

distilled in England, and of Licences for distilling, rectifying, or

compounding such Spirits, and for the Sale of Spirits, and to impose other Duties in lieu thereof; and to provide other JRegulaturns for the Collection of the said Duties, and for the Sale of Spirits, and for the warehousing of such Spirits, without Payment of Duty, for Exportation, it is amongst other things enacted,

that it shall not be lawful for any Distiller to make or brew at y the same Time any Wort or Wash, or to make or distil any ' Spirits, from Malt, Corn, or Grain, or any Mixture thereof,

and from Sugar or Potatoes, or any Mixture thereof, respectively, or to make or brew any Wort or Wash or distil any Spirits from any other Materials whatsoever; and if any such ' Distiller shall at the same Time make or brew any Wort or ' Wash or shall make or distil any Spirits from Malt, Corn, or

Grain, or any Mixture thereof, and from Sugar or Potatoes,

or any Mixture thereof, respectively, or shall at any Time

make or brew any Wort or Wash or distil any Spirits from

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Licensed Distillers may distil Spirits from Mangel Wurzel only.

Secretary of State to grant

C. 74, 75.

any other Materials whatsoever, such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and all such Wort, Wash, and Spirits shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer

of Excise: And whereas by the same recited Act any licensed Distiller in Scotland or Ireland was authorized to make or brew ' any Wort or Wash and to make or distil Spirits from Sugar or ' from Potatoes: And whereas it is expedient to allow Spirits ' to be distilled from Mangel'Wurzel, as well as from Malt, Corn,

or Grain, Sugar or Potatoes be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for any licensed Distiller in England, Scotland, or Ireland to make or brew any Wort or Wash and to make or distil Spirits from Mangel Wurzel only, any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that whenever Mangel Wurzel is used for that Purpose, the same shall be done under the like Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Provisions as are contained in the said recited Act, and in an Act made in the Fourth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, for granting certain Duties of Excise upon Spirits distilled from Corn or Grain in Scotland and Ireland, and upon Licences for Stills for making such Spirits, and to provide for the better collecting and securing such Duties, and for ware* housing of such Spirits without Payment of Duty, for making and brewing Wort or Wash, and making and distilling Spirits from Potatoes only; and all Spirits made or distilled from Mangel Wurzel shall be charged with the same Duties as Spirits made or distilled from Potatoes in England, Scotland, or Ireland respectively.

---

CAP. LXXV.

An Act for regulating Schools of Anatomy.

[1st August 1882.]

WHEREAS a Knowledge of the Causes and Nature of sundry Diseases which affect the Body, and of the best Methods of treating and curing such Diseases, and of healing and repairing divers Wounds and Injuries to which the Human Frame is liable, cannot be acquired without the Aid of Anatomical Examination: And whereas the legal Supply of Human Bodies for such Anatomical Examination is insufficient fully to provide the Means of such Knowledge: And whereas, in order further to supply Human Bodies for such Purposes, divers great and grievous Crimes have been committed, and lately Murder, for the single Object of selling for such Purposes the Bodies of the Persons so murdered: And whereas therefore it is highly expedient to give Protection, under certain Regulations, to the Study and Practice of Anatomy, and to prevent, as far as may be such great and grievous Crimes and Murder as aforesaid; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the

A.D. 1832 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. c. 75. 455

[Licences to practise Anatomy; ]

Time being for the Home Department in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, and for the Chief Secretary for Ireland in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, immediately on the passing of this Act, or so soon thereafter as may be required, to grant a Licence to practise Anatomy to any Fellow or Member of any College of Physicians or Surgeons, or to any Graduate or Licentiate in Medicine, or to any Person lawfully qualified to practise Medicine in any Part of the United Kingdom, or to any Professor or Teacher of Anatomy, Medicine, or Surgery, or to any Student attending any School of Anatomy, on Application from such Party for such Purpose, countersigned by Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for the County, City, Borough, or Place wherein such Party resides, certifying that, to their Knowledge or Belief, such Party so applying is about to carry on the Practice of Anatomy.

[Secretary of State to appoint Inspectors of Schools of Anatomy; ]

II. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty's said Principal Secretary of State or Chief Secretary, as the Case may be, immediately on the passing of this Act, or as soon thereafter as may be necessary, to appoint respectively not fewer than Three Persons to be Inspectors of Places where Anatomy is carried on, and at any Time after such first Appointment to appoint, if they shall see fit, One or more other Person or Persons to be an Inspector or Inspectors as aforesaid; and every such Inspector shall continue in Office for One Year, or until he be removed by the said Secretary of State or Chief Secretary, as the Case may be, or until some other Person shall be appointed in his Place; and as often as any Inspector appointed as aforesaid shall die, or shall be removed from his said Office, or shall refuse or become unable to act, it shall be lawful for the said Secretary of State or Chief Secretary, as the Case may be, to appoint another Person to be Inspector in his Room.

[and to direct what District every Inspector shall superintend.]

III. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Secretary of State or Chief Secretary, as the Case may be, to direct what District of Town or Country, or of both, and what Places where Anatomy is carried on, situate within such District, every such Inspector shall be appointed to superintend, and in what Manner every such Inspector shall transact the Duties of his Office.

[Inspectors to make Returns of Subjects removed for Anatomical Examination]

IV. And be it enacted, That every Inspector to be appointed by virtue of this Act shall make a Quarterly Return to the said Secretary of State or Chief Secretary, as the Case may be, of every deceased Person's Body that during the preceding Quarter has been removed for Anatomical Examination to every separate Place in his District where Anatomy is carried on, distinguishing the Sex, and, as far as is known at the Time, the Name and Age of each Person whose Body was so removed as aforesaid.

[and to inspect Places where Anatomy is practised.]

V. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for every such Inspector to visit and inspect, at any Time, any Place within his District, Notice of which Place has been given, as is herein-after directed, that it is intended there to practise Anatomy.

[Salaries to Inspectors.]

VI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to grant to every such Inspector such an annual Salary, not excelling One hundred Pounds, for his Trouble, and to allow such a Sum of Money for the Expences of his Office, as may appear

456 c. 75. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

reasonable; such Salaries and Allowances to be charged on the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, and to be payable quarterly; and that an annual Return of all such Salaries and Allowances shall be made to Parliament.

[Persons having lawful Custody of Bodies may permit them to undergo Anatomical Examination in certain Cases.]

VII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Executor or other Party having lawful Possession of the Body of any deceased Person, and not being an Undertaker or other Party intrusted with the Body for the Purpose only of Interment, to permit the Body of such deceased Person to undergo Anatomical Examination, unless, to the Knowledge of such Executor or other Party, such Person shall have expressed his Desire, either in Writing at any Time during his Life, or verbally in the Presence of Two or more Witnesses during the Illness whereof he died, that his Body after Death might not undergo such Examination, or unless the surviving Husband or Wife, or any known Relative of the deceased Person, shall require the Body to be interred without such Examination.

[Provision in case of Persons directing Anatomical Examinations after their Death.]

VIII. And be it enacted, That if any Person, either in Writing at any Time during his Life, or verbally in the Presence of Two or more Witnesses during the Illness whereof he died, shall direct that his Body after Death be examined anatomically, or shall nominate any Party by this Act authorized to examine Bodies anatomically to make such Examination, and if, before the Burial of the Body of such Person, such Direction or Nomination shall be made known to the Party having lawful Possession of the dead Body, then such last-mentioned Party shall direct such Examination to be made, and, in case of any such Nomination as aforesaid, shall request and permit any Party so authorized and nominated as aforesaid to make such Examination, unless the deceased Person's surviving Husband or Wife, or nearest known Relative, or any One or more of such Person's nearest known Relatives, being of Kin in the same Degree, shall require the Body to be interred without such Examination.

[The Body not to be removed from the Place where such Person may have died without a Certificate.]

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in no Case shall the Body of any Person be removed for Anatomical Examination from any Place where such Person may have died, until after, Forty-eight Hours from the Time of such Person's Decease, nor until after Twenty-four Hours Notice, to be reckoned from the Time of such Decease, to the Inspector of the District, of the intended Removal of the Body, or, if no such Inspector have been appointed, to some Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary residing at or near the Place of Death, nor unless a Certificate stating in what Manner such Person came by his Death shall previously to the Removal of the Body have been signed by the Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary who attended such Person during the Illness whereof he died, or if no such Medical Man attended such Person during such Illness, then by some Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary who shall be called in after the Death of such Person to view his Body, and who shall state the Manner or Cause of Death according to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, but who shall not be concerned in examining the Body after Removal; and that in case of such Removal such Certificate shall be delivered, together with the Body, to the Party receiving the same for Anatomical Examination.

A.D. 1832. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. c. 75. 457

[Professors, Surgeons, and others may receive Bodies for Anatomical Examination.]

X. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Member or Fellow of any College of Physicians or Surgeons, or any Graduate or Licentiate in Medicine, or any Person lawfully qualified to practise Medicine in any Part of the United Kingdom, or any Professor, Teacher, or Student of Anatomy, Medicine, or Surgery, having a Licence from His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State or Chief Secretary as aforesaid, to receive or possess for Anatomical Examination, or to examine anatomically, the Body of any Person deceased, if permitted or directed so to do by a Party who had at the Time of giving such Permission or Direction lawful Possession of the Body, and who had Power, in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act, to permit or cause the Body to be so examined, and provided such Certificate as aforesaid were delivered by such Party together with the Body.

[Such Persons to receive with the Body a Certificate as aforesaid, which shall be transmitted to the Inspector.]

XI. And be it enacted, That every Party so receiving a Body for Anatomical Examination after Removal shall demand and receive, together with the Body, a Certificate as aforesaid, and shall, within Twenty-four Hours next after such Removal, transmit to the Inspector of the District such Certificate, and also a Return stating at what Day and Hour and from whom the Body was received, the Date and Place of Death, the Sex, and (as far as is known at the Time) the Christian and Surname, Age, and last Place of Abode of such Person, or, if no such Inspector have been appointed, to some Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary residing at or near the Place to which the Body is removed, and shall enter or cause to be entered the aforesaid Particulars relating thereto, and a Copy of the Certificate he received therewith, in a Book to be kept by him for that Purpose, and shall produce such Book whenever required so to do by any Inspector so appointed as aforesaid.

[Notice to be given to Secretary of State of Places where Anatomy is about to be practised.]

XII. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Party to carry on or teach Anatomy at any Place, or at any Place to receive or possess for Anatomical Examination, or examine anatomically, any deceased Person's Body after Removal of the same, unless such Party, or the Owner or Occupier of such Place, or some Party by this Act authorized to examine Bodies anatomically, shall, at least One Week before the first Receipt or Possession of a Body for such Purpose at such Place, have given Notice to the said Secretary of State or Chief Secretary, as the Case may be, of the Place where it is intended to practise Anatomy.

[How Bodies are to be removed for Examination.]

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every such Body so removed as aforesaid for the Purpose of Examination shall, before such Removal, be placed in a decent Coffin or Shell, and be removed therein;

[Provision for Interment.]

and that the Party removing the same, or causing the same to be removed as aforesaid, shall make Provision that such Body, after undergoing Anatomical Examination, be decently interred in consecrated Ground, or in some public Burial Ground in use for Persons of that religious Persuasion to which the Person whose Body was so removed belonged; and that a Certificate of the Interment of such Body shall be transmitted to the Inspector of the District within Six Weeks after the Day on which such Body was received as aforesaid.

458 c. 75. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

[Persons described in this Act not to be liable to Punishment for having in their Possession Human Bodies.]

XIV. And be it enacted, That no Member or Fellow of any College of Physicians or Surgeons, nor any Graduate or Licentiate in Medicine, nor any Person lawfully qualified to practise Medicine in any Part of the United Kingdom, nor any Professor, Teacher, or Student of Anatomy, Medicine, or Surgery, having a Licence from His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State or Chief Secretary as aforesaid, shall be liable to any Prosecution, Penalty, Forfeiture, or Punishment for receiving or having in his Possession for Anatomical Examination, or for examining anatomically, any dead Human Body, according to the Provisions of this Act.

[Act not to prohibit post-mortem Examination.]

XV. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to or to prohibit any post-mortem Examination of any Human Body required or directed to be made by any competent legal Authority.

[So much of 9 G. 4. c. 31. as directs that the Bodies of Murderers may be dissected, repealed.]

XVI. And whereas an Act was passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for consolidating and amending the Statutes in England relative to Offences against the Person, by which latter Act it is enacted, that the Body of every Person convicted of Murder shall, after Execution, either be dissected or hung in Chains, as to the Court which tried the Offender shall seem meet; and that the Sentence to be pronounced by the Court shall express that the Body of the Offender shall be dissected or hung in Chains, whichsoever of the Two the Court shall order; be it enacted, That so much of the said last-recited Act as authorizes the Court, if it shall see fit, to direct that the Body of a Person convicted of Murder shall, after Execution, be dissected, be and the same is hereby repealed;

[Such Bodies to be hung in Chains or buried, as the Court shall direct.]

and that in every Case of Conviction of any Prisoner for Murder the Court before which such Prisoner shall have been tried shall direct such Prisoner either to be hung in Chains, or to be buried within the Precincts of the Prison in which such Prisoner shall have been confined after Conviction, as to such Court shall seem meet; and that the Sentence to be pronounced by the Court shall express that the Body of such Prisoner shall be hung in Chains, or buried within the Precincts of the Prison, whichever of the Two the Court shall order.

[Limitation of Actions.]

XVII. And be it enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced or brought against any Person for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, the same shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Action accrued; and the Defendant in every such Action or Suit may, at his Election, plead the Matter specially, or the General Issue Not guilty, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon.

[Offences against this Act.]

XVIII. And be it enacted, That any Person offending against the Provisions of this Act in England or Ireland shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and, being duly convicted thereof, shall be punished by Imprisonment for a Term not exceeding Three Months, or by a Fine not exceeding Fifty Pounds, at the Discretion of the Court before which he shall be tried; and any Person offending against the Provisions of this Act in Scotland shall, upon being duly convicted of such Offence, be punished by Imprisonment for a Term not exceeding Three

A.D. 1832. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. c. 75, 76. 459

Months, or by a Fine not exceeding Fifty Pounds, at the Discretion of the Court before which he shall be tried.

[Interpretation of certain Words in this Act.]

XIX. And in order to remove Doubts as to the Meaning of certain Words in this Act, be it enacted, That the Words "Person and Party" shall be respectively deemed to include any Number of Persons, or any Society, whether by Charter or otherwise; and that the Meaning of the aforesaid Words shall not be restricted although the same may be subsequently referred to in the Singular Number and Masculine Gender only.

[Commencement of Act.]

XX. And be it enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect from and after the First Day of August in the present Year.

[Act may be amended.]

XXI. And be it enacted, That this Act may be altered or amended during the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; and to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Serjeant Majors of the Militia, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three.

[1st August 1832.]

---

[This Act is the same, except as to Dates and the Sections here inserted, as 1 fy 2 W. 4?. c. 15.]

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Allowances granted to certain Paymasters, Surgeons, and Quartermasters of the Militia of Great Britain and Ireland, on their being reduced in pursuance of an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, shall be issued and paid, under the Restrictions and in the Manner herein-after expressed, during the Continuance of this Act, and that it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War to place any such Paymaster, Surgeon, or Quartermaster when unfit for further Duty upon a retired Allowance equal to and in lieu of his reduced Allowance.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia shall not, before the Time fixed for the Payment of the said Allowances, be called out for the Exercise and Training thereof, every Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, and Assistant Surgeon belonging to any such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, and coming within the aforesaid Benefits of this Act, who shall have taken and subscribed the Oath herein-before mentioned before any Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the said Allowance as if he had regularly attended the Exercise and Training of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps during the whole of the Time by Law appointed for that Purpose, and as if a Certificate of such Attendance, signed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, had been furnished.

Allowances to Officers reduced in 1829.

If the Regiment be not called out before the Time fixed for the Payment, the Allowance shall be paid, on taking the Oath, without Certificate of Attendance.

460 c. 76. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

On Neglect of Attendance Subalterns, &c. shall forfeit their Claim to the Allowance.

Allowances to Adjutants. Surgeons, and Quartermasters.

Right to Half Pay reserved.

Reduced Adjutants to receive 4s. per Day till SOth June 1833.

Right to Half Pay reserved.

Adjutants and 1 Serjeant Majors entitled to Al-

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Paymasters, Surgeons, Quartermasters, Subaltern Officers, Surgeons Mates, and Assistant Surgeons of Militia, entitled or claiming to be entitled to the aforesaid reduced or disembodied Allowances, shall at all Times be liable to serve in the respective Regiments, Battalions, or Corps to which they belong whenever the same shall be embodied and called out upon active Service; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to attend when called upon, on such Occasion or on such other Occasions as may be required in pursuance of the Laws in force respecting the Militia when disembodied, each and every such Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, and Assistant Surgeon shall, on such Neglect or Refusal being certified to the Secretary at War, and, in respect of the Militia of Great Britain, to the Lord Lieutenant of the County, by the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which such Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Subaltern, Surgeons Mate, or Assistant Surgeon shall belong, forfeit his Claims to the said Allowance and every Part thereof, and shall also be considered as having resigned and vacated his Commission to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXI. And whereas certain Allowances have been granted in pursuance of former Acts to Adjutants, Surgeons, and Quarter- masters of Regular Militia who have by Age or Infirmity been

rendered unfit for further Service; be it further enacted, That such Allowances shall be issued and paid, during the Continuance of this Act, in like Manner and subject to the same Restrictions as the Allowances granted by this Act to Adjutants who shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service: Provided always, that no Person receiving such Allowance shall by reason thereof forfeit his Right to any Half Pay to which he may be entitled.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia shall have already ceased and determined or been reduced in its Establishment, or shall cease and determine or be reduced in its Establishment during the Continuance of this Act, the Sum of Four Shillings per Diem shall be paid to such Person as was or shall be actually serving as Adjutant to such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps at the Time of Reduction from the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, or from the Time such Regiment shall cease and determine or be reduced in its Establishment, (as the Case may be,) to the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three, in like Manner and subject to the same Restrictions and Conditions as the Allowances granted by this Act to Adjutants who shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service: Provided always, that no such reduced Adjutant shall lose any Right he may have to Half Pay of the Navy, Army, Marines, or Provisional Battalion formed from the Militia by reason of receiving such Allowance as last aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

XXIII. And whereas certain Adjutants and Serjeant Majors i are entitled to and have received certain Allowances in con-? sequence of having been reduced under the Provisions of an Act

A.D. 1832.

2° & 39 GULIELMI IV.

461

C.

76, 77.

Act passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign Wance under

of His Majesty King George the Third, which Allowances have 39 & 40 G. 3.

been continued, and as to such Adjutants augmented to Four c, 44#

Shillings per Diem; be it therefore enacted, That all such Adjutants and Serjeant Majors shall be entitled to receive and shall receive such Allowance from the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two to the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Hire of any House Expence of or Place to be provided for the keeping of the Arms, Accoutre- House for dements, Clothing, or other Stores, and for the Residence and positing Arms Accommodation of the Adjutant belonging to any Regiment or Battalion of Militia in Ireland, when not embodied, shall be Ireland, *&c! to defrayed by the County; and the necessary Sum for that Pur- be defrayed by pose shall be raised by the Presentment of the Grand Jury of the County, the said County, and which Presentment the Grand Jury of the County is hereby authorized and required to pass, on a Certificate signed by the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or, in the Absence of such Chief Secretary, by the Under Secretary or by the First Clerk in the Military Department, and specifying the Rent agreed to be paid for the same; which Certificate shall be transmitted by such Chief or Under Secretary or First Clerk to the Clerk of the Crown for such County, or at any Time prior to the first Day of the Assizes for such County, or if in the County or County of the City of Dublin, then prior to the first Day of the Presenting Term: Provided that in no Case Provision as to any greater Rent than Fifty Pounds Currency of the United Amount of Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland shall be presented by such Rent *

Grand Jury for the annual Rent of such House or Place.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall take Continuance of effect and continue in force from the Thirtieth Day of June One Act. thousand eight hundred and thirty-two until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures of Ireland.

[1st August 1832.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Ninth Year of the

W Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for the better 9 G.4. c. 62.

Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures of Ireland,

whereby, after repealing a certain Act passed in the Sixth Year 6 G. 4. c. 122.

of the same Reign for a like Purpose, and revoking and avoiding the Appointment of certain Trustees and other Officers

made before or after the said last-recited Act, divers Regulations were made for the Government of the Linen and Hempen ' Manufactures in Ireland; and it was provided that such Regulations should remain and continue in force for Three Years from ' the Commencement of the said Act, and thence until the End

of the next Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient

that such Regulations shall be, with certain Modifications, re-enacted for a Time to be limited; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

C. 77.

2° & 3» GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

All Flax sold or exposed for Sale in Fair or Market to be of equal Cleanness and Quality throughout; Penalty not exceeding li. per Stone.

Regulations as to reeling and counting Linen Yarn when sold in Fair or Market.

Places and Hours of Sale of Linen Yarn and Flax.

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Commencement of this Act all Flax sold by Sample or otherwise, or exposed for Sale in open Fair or Market, in Ireland, shall be of equal Cleanness and Quality throughout each Parcel, upon pain that any Person selling or exposing for Sale such Flax, or the Owner thereof at the Time of Sale, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding the Amount of One Shilling for every Stone of Flax so sold or exposed for Sale which shall not be of equal Cleanness and Quality throughout each Parcel.

II. And be it further enacted, That all brown or unbleached or unpurged Linen Yarn sold in open Fair or Market in Ireland shall be well and sufficiently spun and made up into Hanks, each Hank to consist of Twelve Cuts and no more, save and except in the Case of Yarn or Grist of Two Hanks in the Pound, commonly called Pound Yarn or Head Yarn, which last-mentioned Description of Yarn shall be made up in Half Hanks of Six Cuts and no less; and every such Cut shall contain One hundred and twenty Threads and no more; and every such Hank shall be One Yard and One Quarter in Length, or Two Yards and One Half in Circumference, and no more; and each such Cut in every such Hank shall be separated as the same shall be reeled, and not afterwards; and in reeling such Linen Yam no more than One Thread at a Time shall be reeled; and all the Yarn contained in every such Hank shall be of Flax Yarn only, or Tow Yarn only, of the same Colour and Fineness throughout each Hank; and when the Hank or Twelve Cuts are reeled, the same shall be made up in such Manner as to admit of opening thereof at every Part at Ten Inches at least, for the Purpose of spreading on the Bleach Green; and in case any Person or Persons shall sell or expose for Sale in open Fair or Market any Yarn which shall not be conformable to the above Regulations, or which shall be deficient in Quality, Length, or Count, such Person or Persons, or the Owner or Owners of such Yarn at the Time of Sale, shall forfeit a Sum after the Rate of not less than One Penny nor more than Four-pence for every Hank of such Yam so sold or exposed for Sale as aforesaid; and that in all Cases of Fraud or wilful Default in the Preparation of Linen Yarn which shall be sold or exposed for Sale in open Fair or Market, the Person r Persons selling or exposing for Sale such Yam, or the Owner or Owners thereof shall forfeit a Sum not less than One Penny nor more than Four-pence for every Hank of such Yarn so sold as aforesaid; Provided always, that nothing herein-before contained shall extend or be construed to extend to Mill-spun Yarn, and that no Mill-spun Yarn shall be subject to the Regulations aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That for the Purposes of this Act all Flax or Linen Yarn which shall be sold or exposed for Sale within the Custom Gaps or Custom Gates of any Fair or Market, between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Forenoon and Two of the Clock in the Afternoon of any Fair or Market Day, shall be deemed and taken to be sold or offered for Sale in open Fair or Market, and none other; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 77.

463

IV. And be it further enacted, That across each End of every Weaver to Piece of Linen Cloth sold or exposed for Sale in open Fair or weave Two Market in Ireland there shall be woven Two coarse Threads or coarse Threads, Cords, distant from each other about One Fourth Part of an Inch; Name^d^e and there shall be written, with Pen and Ink, close to such coarse sidence on Threads or Cord on each End, in legible Characters, the Christian every Piece of Name, Surname, and Place of Residence of the Weaver or Manu- Linen, and facturer thereof, and there shall be also written or marked upon also mark the the outside Fold of every such Piece of Linen the Length and Breadth thereof; and in case any Person shall sell or offer for Sale in open Fair or Market any Piece of Linen wherein such or

Threads or Cords shall not be so woven, or whereon the Name 8 and Residence of the Weaver or Manufacturer, and the Length and Breadth thereof, shall not be so written, such Person so offending shall, upon Complaint, and Proof thereof, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Shillings for every such Offence, according to the Judgment and Discretion of the Justice or Chief Magistrate before whom any such Complaint shall be made.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall sell or Widths of expose for Sale in open Fair or Market in Ireland any Piece of Linen Cloth, brown Linen Cloth, being of or exceeding the Set of Twelve hundred, made or intended to be of the Denomination commonly called Yard wide, that shall not be, when brown and Yard wide, before the same shall be bleached. Thirty-seven Inches and a Half broad at least; and that all Cloth of the Denomination of Yard wide, being under the Set of Twelve hundred, shall be, when brown, Thirty-six. Inches broad at least; and that no Per- 7 8ths wide, son shall sell or expose for Sale in any public Market any Piece of plain Linen Cloth, being of the Denomination commonly called Seven Eighths wide, that shall not be, when brown and before the same shall be bleached, Thirty-two Inches broad at least; and that no Person shall sell or expose for Sale in any public 3 4ths wide. Market any Piece of plain Linen Cloth, being of the Denomination commonly called Three Quarters wide, that shall not be, when brown and before the same shall be bleached. Twenty-eight Inches broad at least; and that no Person shall sell or 9 sths wide, expose for Sale in any public Market any Piece of plain Linen Cloth of the Denomination of Nine Eighths wide Sheeting, that shall not be, when brown and before the same shall be bleached,

Forty-one Inches broad at least; and that no Person shall sell 5 Qrs. wide, or expose for Sale in any public Fair or Market any Piece of plain Linen Cloth of the Denomination of Five Quarters wide Sheeting, that shall not be, when brown and before the same shall be bleached, Forty-five Inches broad at least; and that no 6 Qrs. wide. Person shall sell or expose for Sale in any public Fair or Market any Piece of plain Linen Cloth of the Denomination of Six Quarters wide Sheeting, that shall not be, when brown and before the same shall be bleached, Fifty-four Inches broad at least; and that if any Person shall sell or expose for Sale in Penalty, any Fair or Market any Linen Cloth or Sheetings of the Denominations above mentioned which shall not be respectively of the Widths above directed and specified, every such Person shall be subject to a Penalty of not less th^n Five Shillings nor more than Ten Shillings for each such Piece so sold in open Fair or Market.

C. 77.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

How Linen Cloth shall be exposed to Sale in Fair or Market.

Linen to be of equal Fineness throughout.

Linen not to be pasted or spouted.

What shall be deemed a Sale or Exposure for Sale of Linen in Fair or Market.

Proceedings before Justice or Chief Magistrate upon Complaints on Oath.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Piece of brown or unbleached Linen Cloth which shall be exposed to Sale in open Fair or Market shall be so exposed in open Folds, and no ways tied at either End or in the Middle, upon pain that any Person selling or exposing for Sale any such Linen Cloth contrary to the Directions aforesaid shall forfeit not less than Two Shillings and Sixpence nor more than Five Shillings for every such Piece so sold or exposed for Sale as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall in open Fair or Market sell or expose for Sale any Piece of brown or unbleached plain Linen Cloth which shall be thicker or finer in the Salvage than in the Body of such Piece, or which shall not be of equal Fineness and Thickness throughout every Part of the Length and Breadth of such Piece, under a Penalty of a Sum not less than Two Shillings and Sixpence nor more than Twenty Shillings for every such Piece of Linen so sold or exposed for Sale as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall sell or expose for Sale in open Fair or Market any Piece of brown or unbleached Linen any Part whereof shall have been glazed, pasted, or spouted, after it is woven, or dyed or stained, either in the Yarn or Cloth, with any Material which has a Tendency to render the Part so glazed, pasted, spouted, dyed, or stained more difficult to bleach, or to deceive the Buyer as to Quality, on pain of forfeiting not less than Five Shillings nor more than Twenty Shillings for every such Piece so sold as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That for the Purposes of this Act all Linen which shall be sold or exposed for Sale within the Custom Gaps or Custom Gates of any Fair or Market on the respective Fair or Market Days between the Hours herein-after mentioned, (that is to say,) between Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Two of the Clock in the Afternoon from the Twenty-fifth Day of March until the Twenty-fifth Day of September in each Year, and between Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon and Two of the Clock in the Afternoon form the Twenty-fifth Day of September until the Twenty-fifth Day of March in each Year, shall be deemed and taken to be sold or exposed for Sale in open Fair or Market, and none other; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, or the Chief Magistrate of any Town, before whom a Complaint on Oath shall be made against any Person or Persons for selling or offering for Sale in Fair or Market any Flax, Yarn, or Linen not conformable to the Regulations in this Act contained, or for any Fraud or wilful Default in the Preparation or Manufacture of such Flax, Yarn, or Linen so sold or offered for Sale, and such Justice or Chief Magistrate is hereby required and empowered, to summon before him Three Persons skilled in Flax, Yarn, or Linen, as the Case may be, of whom one shall be named by the Party making such Complaint, another by the Party against whom such Complaint may be made, and the third by such Justice or Chief Magistrate; and in default of either Party making such Nomination such Justice or Chief Magistrate shall nominate a Person on behalf of the Party so

making

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 77.

465

making default; and the Three Persons so summoned shall be sworn by such Justice or Chief Magistrate well and truly to examine the Flax, Yarn, or Linen, as the Case may be, which is the Subject of such Complaint, and a true Verdict to give, whether such Complaint be or be not well founded, and such Verdict shall be conclusive on the Subject of such Complaint; and if such Complaint shall be declared to be ill founded, then and in such Case the said Three Persons shall award such Compensation as they may deem just, to be paid by the Party making such Complaint to the Person or Persons against whom such Complaint may have been made, for his or her or their Trouble and Loss of Time and Expences occasioned by such unfounded Complaint; and the Money so awarded shall and may be recovered by all such Means as any Penalty might have been recovered in case the said Complaint had been proved to be well founded.

XL i And whereas Disputes frequently arise between the

Buyer and Seller, in respect of Flax, Yarn, and Cloth sold or

agreed to be sold in Fairs or Markets; ' for Remedy whereof be it enacted, That if the Buyer of any such Flax, Yarn, and Cloth sold or agreed to be sold in Fair or Market shall without just Cause refuse to pay to the Person selling the same the Price agreed upon between them, or if the Seller shall without just Cause refuse to deliver such Flax, Yarn, or Cloth to the Person buying the same, on being tendered the Price agreed upon to be paid for the same, it shall be lawful for the Buyer or Seller of the same respectively to complain, at any Time within Twenty-four Hours, to the next Justice of the Peace, or to the Chief Magistrate of aqy Town where such Dispute shall have arisen; and every such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate is hereby required and authorized forthwith to summon the Parties to appear before such Justice and some other Justice or Chief Magistrate; and if it shall appear to such Justices, or Chief Magistrate and Justice, that the Buyer shall without just and reasonable Cause refuse or have refused to pay the Seller the Price first agreed upon between such Buyer and Seller at such Fair or Market, such Justices of the Peace, or Magistrate and Justice, may by Warrant under their Hands and Seals respectively order such Flax, Yarn, or Cloth to be returned to the Seller thereof, and may by such Warrant direct any Penalty not exceeding the Sum of Ten Shillings to be levied off the Goods and Chattels of the Buyer thereof; and if it shall appear to such Justices of the Peace, or to such Chief Magistrate and Justice, that the Seller shall without reasonable Cause refuse or have refused to deliver up such Flax, Yarn, or Cloth to the Person or Persons to whom he had sold or agreed to sell the same, such Justices of the Peace, or Chief Magistrate and Justice, may by Warrant under their Hands and Seals order the same to be delivered up to the Person who had bought or agreed to buy the same, and may also by such Warrant direct any Penalty not exceeding the Sum of Ten Shillings to be levied off the Goods and Chattels of the Seller.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to nor shall affect any Flax, Yarn, or Linens not sold nor exposed for /Sale in open Fair or Market, it being the true Intent and Meaning 2 & 3 Gul.IV. Hh of

For settling Disputes between Buyer and Seller in Fairs and Markets.

Flax, Yarn, and Linens not to be subject to Regulations, unless sold in open Market.

466

C. 77.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Seal masters of brown Linens formerly appointed to be continued.

Lord Lieutenant to appoint a Committee in each County for regulating Seal masters.

Committees appointed under 9 G. 4. to continue, unless superseded.

of this Act that all Persons may manufacture and make up Flax, Yarn, or Linens in any Manner they may think proper, and sell the same, without being subject to any Regulations, Penalties, or Provisions in this Act contained, unless they sell or expose for Sale the same in open Fair or Market.

XIII. And whereas it is expedient and necessary that fit and

proper Persons should be provided to examine, measure, and

stamp all brown or unbleached Linens sold in public Markets,

in all Cases where the Buyers of any such Linens shall require ' the said Linens to be examined, measured, and stamped by any such Persons before they pay for the same; and to the end that no Inconvenience should be felt from the Want of any such Persons, upon and immediately after the Commencement of this Act, be it enacted, That all Persons who at any Time before the Commencement of this Act have been appointed Sealmasters of Brown Linen by the said recited Act of the Ninth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, and who shall be acting in that Capacity at the Time of the Commencement of this Act, shall continue to act therein until the Appointment or Appointments of every such Sealmaster respectively shall be afterwards confirmed or revoked in manner directed by this Act.

XIV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being from Time to Time to nominate and appoint, in any and every County in which the Linen Manufacture or any Branch thereof is or shall be carried on, Twelve such Persons residing in such County, or buying or selling Linens therein, as shall appear to be fit and proper Persons, to be a Committee for appointing, directing, and controlling the Inspectors and Brown Linen Sealmasters of such County, conformably to the Regulations, Provisions, and Directions prescribed by this Act, of which Nomination and Appointment public Notice shall be given in the Dublin Gazette, and in some Paper published in every such County respectively; and in case of the Death or Resignation of any Person appointed to be a Member of such Committee, and in case of any Removal made by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being of any Person from the Situation of Member of the said Committee, which Removal the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being is and are hereby empowered to make, it shall and may be lawful for such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being as aforesaid to nominate and appoint such other Person or Persons as he or they shall think fit to be a Member or Members of such Committee in the Room and Stead of the Person or Persons who shall have died or resigned, or who shall have been so removed; and Notice of every such Nomination or Appointment shall be given in the Dublin Gazette, and in any Newspaper of the County to which such Nomination shall relate.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Persons appointed under the herein-before recited Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty to constitute Committees in their several Counties for the Purposes of such Act, and who shall

AJM832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 77.

467

shall be acting in that Capacity at or previous to the Commencement of this Act, shall be and constitute, without further Nomination or Appointment, the respective Committees in such Counties for the Purposes of this Act, and shall be deemed and taken to be and to have been appointed hereunder, and shall have Power and Authority accordingly to act in execution of this Act, until or unless the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall think fit to supersede such Persons.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every such Committee, having formed a List of all Persons acting as Seal masters in the County for which such Committee shall be appointed, shall then proceed to revise the said List; and it shall and may be lawful for every such Committee, or any Five or more of them, upon such Revision, to dismiss any Person from the Situation of Sealmaster whom they shall consider to be unfit for such Situation, and to appoint another in place of the Person so dismissed, and so from Time to Time to dismiss and appoint every such Person as such Committee, or any Five or more of them, shall deem it right to dismiss from or appoint to the Office and Situation of a Sealmaster of Brown Linen, limiting or extending the Number of such Sealmasters according as it shall seem to such Committee to be expedient and necessary; and it shall and may be lawful for every such Committee, or any Five or more of them, to confine the Duties and Authorities of every Sealmaster to such particular Linen Market or Markets in their respective Counties as they shall think proper, and to dismiss any Sealmaster who shall refuse or neglect to obey any such Rules, Regulations, and Directions as such Committee shall lay down for the Government of such Sealmaster; provided that nothing contained in the said Rules, Regulations, and Directions shall be contrary to any of the Provisions of this Act.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, in his or their Discretion, to order and direct that such Committee as aforesaid shall, within a Time to be specified, make a Report of the Grounds upon which any Dismissal of any Sealmaster may have taken place by or under the Orders of such Committee, and which Report such Committee are hereby required to make accordingly, within such Time as shall be specified for that Purpose; and it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being to direct that the Matter of such Report shall be inquired into by any Person or Persons to be named and appointed for that Purpose by such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland; and according to the Result of such Inquiry, or in case no Report shall be made by such Committee within the Time so specified, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, either to confirm such Dismissal, or to revoke the same, and to direct that the Person so dismissed shall be restored to his Situation of Sealmaster.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall at or previous to the Commencement of this Act be acting

H h 2 as

Committee may remove Seal-masters, and appoint others.

Lord Lieutenant may direct the Committee to report the Grounds upon which they have dismissed any Sealmaster;

and cause such Report to be inquired into;

and confirm or revoke such Dismissal.

Sealmaster shall give Security.

466

C. 77.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Committee to prescribe the Forms of Seals or Stamps to be used by Seal-masters.

Forging Seals.

Residence of SeaJmasters.

as a Sealmaster in any County, and desirous of continuing so to do, shall, within Twenty Days after the passing hereof, enter, with Two sufficient Sureties, into such Security as herein-after mentioned; and that every Person who shall be at any Time after the passing of this Act appointed a Sealmaster shall, before doing any Act by virtue of such Appointment, enter, with Two sufficient Sureties, into such Security as herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,) a Security by Writing Obligatory to our Sovereign Lord the King in such penal Sum or Sums as shall be directed by the Committee for the County wherein such Seal-master shall act, such Writing Obligatory to be in such Form of Words as Obligations to the King's Majesty are used to be made, for the Performance of the Condition thereunder written; and the Committee for each County shall have Power and Authority to take and cause such Writing Obligatory to be made and entered into; and all Obligations so made shall be good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes as any Obligation made to our Sovereign Lord hath heretofore been or may be adjudged or taken to be; and the Condition of every such Security shall be, that the Person so appointed a Sealmaster shall duly and diligently execute his Office according to the Regulations of this Act; and that such Sealmaster, his Executors or Administrators, shall duly and without Delay pay all such Fines as shall be imposed on him from Time to Time by any Justice or Chief Magistrate, and all such Damages as may be awarded against him in any Suit or Proceeding under this Act; and that in case of the Death of any of his Sureties such Seal-master will, within One Month after such Death shall have come to his Knowledge, procure another sufficient Person to enter into a like Security; and that such Sealmaster, his Executors or Administrators, will surrender and give up his Seal or Stamp when thereunto required by such Committee, or any Five or more of them; and that he will not at any Time lend, hire out, or sell his Stamp or Seal, or suffer the same to be used by any Person but himself, or his known Servant or Assistant at his usual Place of Residence.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for every such Committee, or any Five or more of them, to choose and prescribe the Form and Device of the Seal or Stamp to be used by the Sealmaster of their respective County, and to alter the same as often as such Committee shall think fit; and if any Person shall forge or counterfeit any Seal or Stamp of any Sealmaster appointed or to be appointed by such Committee, or any Five or more of them, to any Piece or Part of a Piece of brown Linen, such Person, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be imprisoned, with or without hard Labour, for any Period not exceeding One Year, at the Discretion of the Judge or Judges who shall try such Offence.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every Sealmaster of brown Linen, except such as are or shall be appointed to particular Markets, shall reside within the Parish mentioned on his Seal; and that One of the Persons who shall enter into Security for him as aforesaid shall be resident within the same Parish, or in or within One Mile of the next Market Town thereto within

C. 77.

469

the same County; and that a Sealmaster appointed for any particular Market shall be at liberty to use his Seal or Stamp in respect to all Linens prepared for Sale in such Market, without reference to his Place of Residence.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every Sealmaster of Duties of brown or unbleached Linen, appointed as aforesaid, shall carefully Sealmasters. view, examine, and measure every Piece of such Linen which shall be produced and offered to him to be sealed; and if the same shall appear to him to be merchantable, and to be conformable to the Directions in this Act contained, then, and not otherwise, such Sealmaster shall affix or cause to be affixed a fair Impression of such Seal as shall be appointed for him by the said Committee, with Lamp Black, or Vermilion, or Stone Blue, and Size or Common Oil, on the Middle of such Fold, at no more than Thirteen Inches from the End of such Piece, and shall likewise mark or cause to be marked, with such Ingredients as aforesaid, on the Back or Outside of every such Piece, the Length of such Piece, and the Number of Inches it contains in Breadth, and also the Half Inch, if the same shall be in Breadth Half an Inch more than any Number of Inches, (without regard to any lesser Fractions of an Inch,) together with the Name of such Sealmaster, and the Parish and County where he resides, or the Name of the Market Town for which he may be appointed to act; and if any Parts of such Piece shall be damaged or faulty, but not so damaged or faulty as to render the same unmerchantable, every such damaged or faulty Part shall be fairly exposed in the Lap or Bosom of such Piece, so as that the same may be easily seen; and opposite to such damaged or faulty Part, upon the Bosom of every such Piece, such Sealmaster shall affix or cause to be affixed an Impression of his Seal, with such Ingredients as aforesaid, to denote such damaged or faulty Part; and such Seal- Their Fees, master shall and may demand and take the Sum of One Penny and no more for every Piece of brown or unbleached Linen containing Twenty-five Yards or under which shall be by him sealed as aforesaid, and so in proportion for a greater Quantity; and if Penalty for any such Sealmaster shall offend by neglecting or transgressing Neglect, any one of the Regulations aforesaid, every such Sealmaster shall forfeit a Sum not less than Five Shillings nor exceeding Twenty Shillings for every such Offence.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall in open No Person to Fair or Market in Ireland sell or expose to Sale, buy or agree to sell or bu7 aay buy, any Pieces of brown or unbleached Linen, which shall not

at the Time of selling or exposing the same to Sale be sealed gj^110 and marked as required by this Act, upon pain of forfeiting the Sum of Five Shillings for every Piece of Linen so sold or exposed to Sale.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all brown Linen shall Sealmasters to be measured between Seal and Seal, and bad and insufficient measure be-Ends shall not be taken into the Length thereof; and such Linen ^Seller^ shall be bought and sold by no other Measure than the Statute

Yard containing Thirty-six Inches; and no extraordinary Measure or Allowance, except the Breadth of a Thumb, as is now generally practised, to every Yard in the measuring thereof, shall be made therein by the Seller to the Buyer, or required or

C. 77.

2° & 9 GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Buyers may recover from Sealmasters for Damage or Deficiency in Linen.

Committee shall appoint Inspectors.

Duty of Inspectors.

Persons embezzling, &c. Linen Yarn, &c. shall forfeit Three Times the Value of the same.

accepted of oi taken by the Buyer from the Seller, upon pain that every Person buying or selling any such Linen contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act shall forfeit not less than Two Shillings and Sixpence nor more than Five Shillings for every such Offence.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall sustain any Loss or Damage in the buying any Piece of brown or unbleached Linen, by any damaged Part being concealed in the Folds thereof, or by its not answering the Measure as to the Length or Breadth marked thereon by any Sealmaster, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person to sue for and recover from the Sealmaster of such Piece, or the Persons who shall at the Time of such sealing be bound as Security for his faithful Discharge of the Office of Sealmaster, the full Value of the Loss or Damage so sustained.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Committees aforesaid, or any Five of their Body, to appoint Inspectors for such brown Linen and Linen Yarn and Flax Markets within each of their said Counties as may appear to such Committees necessary for the better Regulation of such brown Linen, Linen Yarn, and Flax Markets within such Counties; and that it shall and may be lawful for such Committees, at any Time, to dismiss or discontinue such Inspectors, and to appoint others in their Places; provided that it shall not be lawful for such Committees to impose any Fine, Charge, or Impost whatsoever for the Remuneration or Emolument of such Inspectors.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every such Inspector so appointed shall have full Power and Authority to inspect and examine all brown Linen, Linen Yarn, or Flax exposed for Sale in any public Market or Fair to which he shall have been appointed as aforesaid; and he is hereby authorized and required to seize any Linen Yarn or Flax so sold or exposed for Sale in public Fair or Market, not conformable to the Regulations prescribed in this Act; and such Inspector shall forthwith carry such Linen Yarn or Flax before the next Justice of the Peace or other Chief Magistrate within their respective Jurisdictions, to be dealt with according to Law; and in case a Justice of the Peace or other Magistrate cannot be forthwith found, then such Inspector may detain such Linen Yarn or Flax so seized, if necessary, for Forty-eight Hours, but no longer, to be dealt with as aforesaid; and such Inspector shall, as often as he may be called on by the Committee of the County for which he shall act, return a Diary or Journal of his Proceedings, and a true Account of all Linens, Yarns, and Flax by him seized or informed against, and also a true Account of the Fines imposed and levied or paid on such Linens, Yarns, or Flax, and also pay the Amount of the said Fines received by him to such Committee, when required so to do.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person entrusted with any Linen Yarn, Hempen Yarn, Cotton Yarn, or any One or more of those Materials mixed with each other, or any Tools, Materials, or Apparatus for manufacturing the same, shall fraudulently sell, pawn, or embezzle such Linen Yarn, Hempen Yarn, ^Cotton Yarn, or each or any of them respectively, or such Tools,

Materials,

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 77.

471

Materials, or Apparatus, every such Offender, and the Receiver of any such Article knowing the same to be or have been so fraudulently sold, pawned, or embezzled, shall forfeit Three Times the Value of the same.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Weaver shall Weavers to well and sufficiently weave all sound and sufficient Linen Yarn fuIfillheir and Cotton Yarn and Hempen Yarn to him delivered to be woven, A?ree"nJ? .on within such Time, and in such Reeds, and into Cloth of such Breadths, as shall be agreed upon between the Owner or Owners of the Yam en-of such Yarn and such Weaver, upon pain of forfeiting the full trusted to them. Value of such Yarn, or the full Price agreed upon for weaving

the same.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Neglect to re-who shall be entrusted with any Linen or Linen Yarn or Hempen turn Yarn, &c. Yarn, or Materials or Tools or Apparatus for manufacturing the ^er Fou,; teen same, shall refuse or neglect to return such Yarn, Materials, Tools, ^medM* or Apparatus within Fourteen Days after the same shall have embezzling, been demanded by or in behalf of the Owner thereof, such

Neglect or Refusal shall be deemed and taken as embezzling under this Act.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Manufac- Manufacturers

turer shall make Oath before a Justice of the Peace that he has making Com-

entrusted any Linen Yarn, Hempen or Cotton Yarn, or the plaint on Oath.

Materials, Tools, or Apparatus for manufacturing the same, to

any Person or Persons, and that he has just Cause to suspect and does suspect that such Person is about to abscond with the same, then such Justice shall have Power and Authority, at his Justices may Discretion, to issue his Warrant requiring such Person or Persons order Search, to restore the Article or Thing entrusted to him or them, and restore

in default thereof to apprehend such Person or Persons, and ossession *

bring him or them before him, or some other Justice of the Peace for the same County; and unless such Person or Persons shall give Security for the Return of the Article or Thing so entrusted to him or them, within a Time then mentioned, such Justice shall by Warrant order any Constable to enter the House of such Person or Persons, and give Possession of such Article or Thing to the Owner thereof, such Owner making such reasonable Compensation for any Labour expended therein or thereupon as to such Justice shall seem proper.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where by Affirmation of the Provisions of this Act any Oath or Affidavit is authorized Quaker or Moor required to be taken, the solemn Affirmation of any Person »vian to be being a Quaker or Moravian shall be sufficient in the Place of such ^OauT Oath or Affidavit; and every Person who shall knowingly swear p.

or affirm any thing false in any such Oath or Affirmation shall be e*3ury* deemed and taken to be guilty of Perjury, and, being lawfully convicted thereof, suffer such Punishment as Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are by the Laws in force in Ireland subject to.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Complaints which Complaints shall be made of any Offence or Offences committed against any where Penalty of the Regulations or Directions contained in this Act, the Penalty do*s not exceed or Forfeiture in respect whereof shall not exceed in Amount or

Value the Sum of Ten Pounds, shall and may be heard by any or *a

H h 4 One

472

C. 77.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C.ief Magistrate of a Town.

Proceedings upon Complaint against Seal-master.

Offence to be tried where the Cloth is seized.

Application of Penalties.

One Justice of the Peace acting within his Jurisdiction, or by the Chief Magistrate of any Town presiding in his Court in such Town; and for that Purpose such Justice or Magistrate shall and may examine any Person or Persons upon Oath; and in default of the Payment of any such Penalty or Sum of Money as shall be awarded by any such Justice or Chief Magistrate by virtue of this Act, upon the hearing of any such Complaint, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Chief Magistrate to levy the same, by Warrant of Distress under his Hand and Seal, on and off the Goods and Chattels of the Person liable to the Payment of such Penalty or Sum of Money, rendering the Overplus, if any, after Payment of the Costs and Expences of such Distress* to such Person; and in case no sufficient Distress shall be found, then to commit such Person to Gaol or to the House of Correction for any Period not exceeding One Calendar Month, unless such Penalty or Sum of Money shall be sooner paid.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Sealmaster shall be complained against for having committed any Offence under this Act, if such Sealmaster shall reside more than Five Miles distant from the Place in which such Complaint shall be made, it shall be sufficient if the Summons issued against him to answer such Complaint be proved on Oath to be put into the Post Office of the Town in which such Complaint has been so made, and addressed to such Sealmaster by his Name, Residence, and Occupation; provided such Summons be so put in the Post Office of such Town aforesaid Four Days previous to the Day appointed for the hearing of such Complaint.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Sealmaster of any one County shall commit any Offence punishable by this Act, and the Piece of Linen in respect whereof such Offence shall have been committed be sold or exposed for Sale and seized in another County, the Complaint made against such Seal-master shall be heard before and determined by and the Penalty levied under the Warrant of any Justice of the Peace of the County in which such Piece of Linen shall be sold, offered for Sale, or seized, as if the Default or Neglect of such Sealmaster in respect of such Piece of Linen had been committed in the County in which such Piece of Linen was seized.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That any Penalty which shall be awarded and levied by any Justice of the Peace or Chief Magistrate, in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act, shall and may be directed by such Justice or Chief Magistrate to be applied in manner following; (that is to say,) in every Case where the Person preferring the Complaint shall appear to have suffered any Damage, Costs, Loss of Time, or other Injury in the Matter being the Subject of Complaint, any such Penalty shall and may be paid to such Person; or if no Damages, Costs, Loss of Time, or other Injury shall appear to have been sustained by such Person, then such Penalty shall be paid to the Committee appointed in manner herein-before directed in the County in which the Complaint originated, to be applied by such Committee towards forming a Fund for defraying any Expences in executing the Duties assigned to them by this Act; or it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Chief Magistrate to direct any

L.

A.D. 1832.

2°'& 3Q GULIELMI IV.

473

C. 77/78.

any Portion of any such Penalty so levied to be paid to the Party aggrieved, and the remaining Portion of such Penalty to be paid to such Committee.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred under any Clause or Article in this Act, exceeding in Amount or Value Ten Pounds, shall and may be sued for and recovered, by any Person who will sue for the same, by Suit or Action at Law, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in Ireland, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and that in all such Actions, Suits, or Prosecutions which shall be brought or prosecuted for Recovery of such Forfeitures or Penalties the Venue shall be laid in the County or in the County of the City or the County of the Town wherein such Forfeitures or Penalties were incurred, and in none other.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced or brought against any Person for doing or causing to be done any Act, Matter, or Thing in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and if upon such Action or in such Suit Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall become Nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, the Defendant or Defendants therein shall have Double Costs.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect from and after the End of this present Session of Parliament, and shall continue and be in force for Two Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Penalties exceeding 10/. recoverable by Action.

Venue to be laid in the County.

Defendant may plead the General Issue.

[Commencement of Act.]

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act to continue certain Acts relating to the Island of Newfoundland, and to provide for the Appropriation of all Duties which may hereafter be raised within the said Island.

[1st August 1832.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifth Year of the

" Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth,

intituled An Act for the better Administration of Justice in New- 5 G. 4. c. 67.

fouudland, and for other Purposes: And whereas a certain other

Act was passed in the said Fifth Year of His said late Majesty's

4 Reign, intituled An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Fifty- 5 G.4. c. 68.

seventh Year of the Feign of His late Majesty King George the

Thirds intituled " An Act tojregulate the Celebration of Marriages

" in Newfoundland, and to make further Provision for the Celebra-

" lion of Marriages in the said Colony and its Dependencies And whereas by an Act passed in the Tenth Year of His said late loG, 4' c. 17. Majesty King George the Fourth the said Acts were continued

i in force until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two: And whereas it is expedient that the said Acts be further continued in force until the same shall be repealed, altered, or amended byv any Act or Acts

which

C. 78.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Recited Acts continued.

Appropriation of Duties.

An annual Sum to be set apart for the Maintenance of the Governor, the Judges, Attorney General, and Colonial Secretary.

[Commencement of Act.]

which may for that Purpose be made by His Majesty, with the Advice and Consent of any House or Houses of General Assembly which His Majesty may at any Time see fit to convoke within the said Colony of Newfoundland; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, or for any Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Officer administering the Government of Newfoundland, in pursuance of any Commission or Instructions to him for that Purpose addressed by His Majesty, with the Advice and Consent of any House or Houses of General Assembly which His Majesty may hereafter be pleased to convoke from among the Inhabitants of the said Colony, by any Act or Acts to be from Time to Time for that Purpose passed, to repeal in whole or in part, or to amend, alter, or vary, the said recited Acts or any of them, or any Part thereof; and that, until so repealed, amended, altered, or varied, the said recited Acts shall be and continue in full Force and Effect.

II.4 And whereas by virtue of divers Acts of Parliament divers Duties are now payable to His Majesty within the said Island of Newfoundland; be it therefore further enacted, That when and so soon as any House or Houses of General Assembly shall have been convoked by His Majesty from among the Inhabitants of the said Colony, and shall have actually met for the Dispatch of the public Business thereof, the nett Produce of all Duties levied within the said Colony, by any Act of Parliament now or hereafter to be in force there, shall be appropriated and applied in such Manner and to and for such Purposes as His Majesty, with the Advice and Consent of such House or Houses of General Assembly, shall from Time to Time direct: Provided always, that from and out of such nett Proceeds shall be deducted in each and every Year a Sum not exceeding Six thousand five hundred and fifty Pounds, to be applied from Time to Time in and towards the Maintenance and Support of the Governor, or of the Officer for the Time being administering the Government of the said Colony, and of the Chief and other Judges, and of His Majesty's Attorney General, and of the Colonial Secretary of and for the said Colony, at such Times and in such Shares and Proportions as the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, by any Warrant or Warrants to be by them from Time to Time issued, shall direct; provided also, that so far as respects such Appropriation as aforesaid of the said Duties, this present Act shall not take effect or come into operation till the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three; and provided also, that it shall and may at any Time hereafter be lawful to and for His Majesty, by any Act or Acts to be by Him for that Purpose made, with the Advice and Consent of any such House or Houses of General Assembly as aforesaid, to repeal so much of this present Act as relates to the Application of the said annual Sum of Six thousand five hundred and fifty Pounds, in case such House or Houses of General Assembly shall concur with His Majesty in making what - 8 shall

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 78 — 80.

475

shall appear to His Majesty to be an adequate Provision for the Maintenance of the several Officers aforesaid, permanently secured upon Funds adequate to that Purpose.

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act to continue, until the Thirty-first Day of December

One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four, an Act of the 5 G. 4. c. 5U Fifth Year of His late Majesty relating to the Fisheries in Newfoundland.

[1st August 1832.]

CAP. LXXX.

An Act to authorize the identifying of Lands and other Possessions of certain Ecclesiastical and Collegiate Corporations.

[3d August 1832.]

WHEREAS the Archbishops and Bishops of the several

* Dioceses, and the Deans, and Deans and Chapters,

Archdeacons, Prebendaries, and Canons, and other Dignitaries

and Officers of the several Cathedral and Collegiate Churches and Chapels, and the Masters or other Heads and Fellows and Scholars or other Societies of the several Colleges and Halls in the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, and of the Colleges

of Winchester and JSton, are Proprietors of divers Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, and in many Cases the Boundaries or Quantities and the Identity of Lands within such Manors, and of such Messuages, Lands,

4 Tenements, and Hereditaments, and of Lands subject to any such Tithes, or some Part or Parts thereof, are unknown or disputed, and it would be a great Benefit, as well to such Proprietors respectively, as to their Lessees, Copyhold or Customary Tenants, Sub-lessees, or Under-tenants, their, his, or her Heirs,

4 Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, if the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments were identified, and the Boundaries and Quantities thereof ascertained and finally settled Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after Archbishops, the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful to and for any Bishops, Deans Archbishop, Bishop, Dean, Dean and Chapter, or other Corpora- Chapters, tion Aggregate or Sole herein-before mentioned, to enter into an Agreement of Reference or Deed of Submission with his or their mcts or Deeds Lessee or Lessees, Copyhold or Customary Tenant or Tenants, of Reference Sub-lessee or Sub-lessees, Under-tenant or Under-tenants, his, with their her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or

with the Owner or Owners of any other Hereditaments adjoining u, k^own to or intermixed with the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tene- or disputed ments, Tithes, or Hereditaments, whereby it shall be agreed that Boundaries or any unknown or disputed Boundaries or Quantities of such Manors, Quantities of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, or Hereditaments, or any &c#

Part thereof, shall be referred to the Adjudication of such Person 1 or Persons as may be agreed upon and named by die said Archbishop, Bishop, Dean, Dean and Chapter, or other Corporation

Aggre-

C. 80.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Referees to make Surveys, Maps, and Admeasurements; to summon and examine Witnesses on Oath; to call for all Deeds, &c .; to make Awards, with Maps thereto, on Parchment or Vellum.

Awards and Maps to be laid before Parties, and their Approbation to be written.

Certain Consents required to render valid Proceedings under this Act.

Power to Infants, married Women, Lunatics, &c. to enter into Reference.

Aggregate dr Sole, and by his or their Lessee of Lessees, Copy-hold or Customary Tenant or Tenants, Sub-lessee or Sub-lessees, Under-tenant or Under-tenants, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns, or by such Owner or Owners of any other Hereditaments situate as aforesaid; and that such Referee or Referees shall be fully authorized to make or cause to be made Surveys, Maps, and Admeasurements of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, and to summon any Persons as Witnesses, and examine them on Oath (which Oath he or they are hereby authorized to administer) touching or concerning any of the Matters or Things so referred as aforesaid, or in any way relating thereto; and also to call for the Production of all Surveys, Maps, Deeds, Books, Papers, and Writings in the Custody or Power of any of the Parties to the said Reference, or of any other Person or Persons, of or concerning the Matters in question; and the said Referee or Referees, having well and sufficiently investigated and considered the same, and all Matters to him or them referred, shall and may make his or their Award or Awards in Writing, under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, with a Map or Maps drawn thereupon or thereunto annexed, and which said Award or Awards and Map or Maps shall be upon Parchment or Vellum, and shall award and determine, identify, delineate, and describe the Boundaries, Quantities, Particulars, and Situations of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments so referred to him or them as aforesaid; and the said Award or Awards and Map or Maps shall be laid before all the Parties to any such Agreement of Reference or Deed of Submission, including the Party or Parties whose Consent is required by this Act, whose Approbation thereof shall be written upon the said Award or Awards, and shall be signed and sealed by them, and thereupon the said Award or Awards and Map or Maps shall be for ever afterwards binding upon all Parties, and final and conclusive as to all Matters therein contained or thereby referred to.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every Case in which any of the Powers herein-before contained shall be exercised by any Bishop, Dean, Archdeacon, Prebendary, or other Ecclesiastical Corporation Sole, the Deed of Submission or Agreement of Reference, and also the Approbation of the Award, shall, in the Case of a Bishop, be executed by the Archbishop of the Province testifying his Consent thereto; or in case of a Dean, the same shall be executed by the Dean and Chapter testifying their Consent thereto; or in the Case of an Archdeacon, Prebendary, or other Ecclesiastical Corporation Sole, the same shall be executed by the Archbishop or Bishop of the Diocese testifying his Consent thereto.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lessee or Lessees, Copyhold or Customary Tenant or Tenants, Sublessee or Sub-lessees, Under-tenant or Under-tenants, and such other Owner or Owners as herein-before named, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, who at the Time of making any Reference authorized by this Act shall be Tenant

or

A.D. 1832.

2? & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 80.

m

or Tenants in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for Life or Lives, and for the Guardians, Husbands, Committees, or Attornies of or acting for any such Lessee or Lessees, Copyhold or Customary Tenant or Tenants, Sub-lessee or Sub-lessees, Under-tenant or Under-tenants, and such other Owner or Owners as herein-before named, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, who at the Time of making any such Reference shall be respectively an Infant or Infants, Feme Covert or Femes Covert, or of unsound Mind, or beyond the Seas, or under any other legal Disability, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himself, or herself, to sign, seal, and deliver any Agreement of Reference or Deed of Submission or Approbation of any Award or Awards and Map or Maps authorized by this Act to be made, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Lessee or Lessees, Copyhold or Customary Tenant or Tenants, Sub-lessee or Sub-lessees, Under-tenant or Under-tenants, and such other Owner or Owners as herein-before named, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, had been Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple, and of full Age, sole, of sound Mind, or within the Realm of England, and not under any other legal Disability.

IV. And be it further enacted, That immediately after the Execution by the Parties of the Instrument shewing their Approbation of .any Award to be made by virtue of this Act, the Agreement of Reference or Deed of Submission, and also the Award or Awards and Map or Maps, authorized to be made by this Act, and a Copy of the Minutes of Evidence whereupon the same is made, shall be deposited, in the Case of any Reference by any Archbishop or Bishop, in the Office of their own Registrar; and in case of any Reference by any Dean, Dean and Chapter, Archdeacon, Prebendary, Canon, and other Dignitary and Officer of a Cathedral or Collegiate Church or Chapel, in the Office of the Registrar of the Dean and Chapter thereof; and in case of any Reference by any Masters or other Heads or by any Fellows and Scholars or other Societies herein-before named, in the Office of the Steward or other proper Officer of their said Colleges and Halls; and every such Registrar, Steward, or other Officer, or some Person or Persons on his Behalf, shall produce the Documents and Papers so deposited with him, or any of them, at all proper and usual Hours of Business, to every Person interested in the Subject Matter of such Award, or to his or her Agent duly authorized, who shall make Application to inspect the same or any of them, and shall furnish a Copy or Copies of the same or any of them to every such Person or Agent who shall make Application for such Copy or Copies; and every such Registrar, Steward, or other Officer shall in every Case be entitled to the Sum of Five Shillings and no more for receiving and preserving the Agreement :of Reference or Deed of Submission, Award or Awards, Map or Maps, and Copy of the Minutes of Evidence as aforesaid; and the Sum of One Shilling and no more for every Production of the same or any of them to be inspected; and the Sum of Sixpence and no more for every Folio containing Seventy-two Words of every Copy; and the Sum of Ten Shillings and no more for every Copy of a Map so made as aforesaid.

Agreements or Deeds of Reference, Awards and Maps, to be deposited in Registry of Arch bishop, Bishop, &c.

Documents to be produced for Inspection.

Registrar's

Fees.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Expences of Reference how to be paid.

Act limited to England and Wales.

C. 80, 81.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Expences attending every Reference which shall be made under the Authority of this Act, and all the Proceedings hereby required relating to the same, shall be paid and borne by the Parties thereto in such Manner, Shares, and Proportions as they shall agree; and in case the said Parties shall not make any Agreement relating to such Expences, then all such Expences, or so much thereof as shall not be provided for by such Agreement, shall be paid and borne by the said Parties in equal Moieties.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall extend only to that Part of the United Kingdom called England and Wales.

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act to enable His Majesty to carry into effect a Convention made between His said Majesty and the Emperor of all the Russias.

[3d August 1832.]

WHEREAS by a Convention made and signed at London

4 on the Sixteenth Day of November in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, between His Majesty and the Emperor of all the Russias, His said Majesty and the said Emperor of all the Russias, considering that the Events

which had occurred in the United Kingdom of the Netherlands since the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty had 6 rendered it necessary that the Courts of Great Britain and

Russia should examine the Stipulations of their Convention of the Nineteenth Day of Mag One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, as well as of the Additional Article annexed thereto,

considering that such Examination had led the Two High Contracting Parties to the Conclusion that complete Agreement

did not exist between the Letter and Spirit of that Convention,

when regarded in connection with the Circumstances which had attended the Separation that had taken place between the

Two principal Divisions of the United Kingdom of the Netherlands, but that, on referring to the Object of the above-

mentioned Convention of the Nineteenth Day of Mag One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, it appeared that that Object

was to afford to Great Britain a Guarantee that Russia would c on all Questions concerning Belgium identify her Policy with that which the Court of London had deemed the best adapted

for the Maintenance of a just Balance of Power in Europe, and

on the other Hand to secure to Russia the Payment of a Portion 6 of her old Dutch Debt, in consideration of the general Arrange *

ments of the Congress of Vienna, to which she had given her c Adhesion, Arrangements which remained in full Force, Their

said Majesties, being desirous that the same Principles should

continue to govern their Relations to each other, and that the special Tie which the Convention of the Nineteenth Day of

Mag One thousand eight hundred and fifteen had formed between the Two Courts should be maintained, agreed upon and concluded the following Articles, among others; that is

to say,

Article

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 81.

47S>

Article I. — In virtue of the Considerations above specified ' His Britanic Majesty engages to recommend to His Parliament to enable Him to undertake to continue on His ' Part the Payments stipulated in the Convention of the Nineteenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and

fifteen, according to the Mode and until the Completion of the Sum fixed for Great Britain in the said Convention:

Article II. — In virtue of the same Considerations His Majesty the Emperor of all the Ritssias engages that if (which God forbid) the Arrangements agreed upon for the Indepen-i dence and the Neutrality of Belgium, and to the Maintenance of which the Two High Powers are equally bound,

should be endangered by the Course of Events, He will

not contract any other Engagement without a previous

Agreement with His Britanic Majesty, and His formal

Assent:

And whereas the said Convention has been ratified, and the Ratifications thereof were exchanged on the Twenty-first Day of June last: And whereas by the Stipulations of the said Convention of the Nineteenth Day of May in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, between His Majesty the King of the Netherlands and His late Majesty the Emperor of all the Russias, to which His late Majesty King George the Third agreed to be a Party, mentioned in the said recited Convention. 4 of the Sixteenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, His Majesty the King of the Netherlands, by the ' First Article thereof, engaged to take upon himself a Part of the Capital, and Arrears of Interest to the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, of the Russian Loan made in Holland through the Intervention of the House of Hope and Company in Amsterdam, to the Amount of Twenty-

five Millions of Florins, Dutch Currency, the annual Interest of

which Sum, together with an annual Payment for the Liquidation of the same, as thereafter specified, should be borne by and

become a Charge upon the Kingdom of the Netherlands; and ' His Majesty the King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland engaged on His Part to recommend to His Parliament to enable Him to take upon Himself an equal Capital of the said Russian Loan, videlicet. Twenty-five Millions of

Florins, Dutch Currency, the annual Interest of which [Sum,

together with an annual Payment for the Liquidation of the same, as thereafter specified, should be borne by and become 4 a Charge upon the Government of His Britanic Majesty: And 4 by the Second Article it was provided that the future Charge to which Their said Belgic and Britanic Majesties should be respectively liable in equal Shares, on account of the said Debt,

was to consist of an annual Interest of Five per Centum on the said Capitals, each of Twenty-five Millions of Florins, together f with a Sinking Fund of One per Centum for the Extinction of the same, the said Sinking Fund being subject however to be

increased, on the Demand of the Russian Government, to any ' annual Sum not exceeding Three per Centum, the same to be payable till the Capital of the said Debt should be fully discharged, when the aforesaid Charge for Interest and Sinking

480

C. 81.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV.

Authorizing His Majesty to continue the Payments stipulated in the Convention of 19th May 1615.

A.D. 1832.

4 Fund should wholly cease to be borne by Their said Belgic and Britanic Majesties respectively: And by the Third Article Their said Belgic and Britanic Majesties respectively bound themselves, on or before the usual Day or Days in each Year on which the Interest on the said Debt should be due and payable, to deposit with the Agent of the Russian Government in Holland their respective Proportions of the said Interest and Sinking Fund as above specified: Provided always, that previously to the Advance of each successive Instalment so to be paid the said Agent should be authorized to furnish a

Certificate to each of the said Two High Contracting Parties,

declaring that the preceding Instalment had been duly applied in Discharge of the Interest and in Reduction of the Principal of the said Debt, together with the corresponding Payments on account of the Russian Government on that Part of the Debt which should remain a Charge on the said Government: And by the Fourth Article it was provided that the Russian Government should continue as theretofore to be Security to the Creditors for the whole of the said Loan, and should be charged with the Administration of the same, the Governments of the King of the Netherlands and of His Britanic Majesty remaining liable and bound to the Government of His 4 Imperial Majesty each for the punctual Discharge as above of the respective Proportions of the said Charge: And by the Fifth Article it was thereby understood and agreed between the High Contracting Parties, that the said Payments on the Part of Their Majesties the King of the Netherlands and the King of Great Britain as aforesaid should cease and determine should the Possession and Sovereignty (which God forbid) of the Belgic Provinces at any Time pass or be severed from the Dominions of His Majesty the King of the Netherlands previous to the complete Liquidation of the same; and it was also understood and agreed between the High Contracting Parties,

that the Payments on the Part of Their Majesties the King of the Netherlands and the King of Great Britain as aforesaid should not be interrupted in the Event (which God forbid) of 4 a War breaking out between any of the Three High Contracting Parties, the Government of His Majesty the Emperor of all the Russias being actually bound to its Creditors by a similar Agreement: And whereas an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third for carrying into effect the said last-mentioned Convention: And whereas it is expedient that His Majesty should be enabled to carry into effect the said Convention of the Sixteenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one Be it therefore enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and they are hereby authorized, considering the Circumstances of the Separation between the Two principal Divisions of the United Kingdom of the Netherlands, to continue the Payments stipulated in the said Convention of the Nineteenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred

A.D. 1832. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. c. 81, 82.

hundred and fifteen, according to the Mode and until the Completion of the Sum fixed for Great Britain in the said last-mentioned Convention, and to complete and carry into effect in all other respects the Stipulations of the said last-mentioned Convention, and of the said Convention of the Sixteenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one; and all the Powers given by the said recited Act to the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, for enabling His Majesty to make the Payments required, and to defray the Expences which might be incurred in the Execution of the said Convention of the Nineteenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and all the Enactments in the said Act contained, shall be and continue in force, and shall be extended and applied to the Completion and carrying into effect the Stipulations of the said Convention of the Nineteenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and of the said Convention of the Sixteenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one.

An Act to reduce the Duties now payable in certain Cases on Carriages with less than Four Wheels.

[3d August 1832.]

WHEREAS by the several Acts in force relating to the Duties of Assessed Taxes any Person or Persons, keeping

for his, her, or their own Use, and not for Hire, any Carriage with less than Four Wheels, drawn by One Horse, Mare, or

Gelding, and not otherwise, may, if such Persons be not chargeable to the Duty for a Four-wheel Carriage, or for Two Male

Servants, keep the same without Payment of any Duty in respect thereof, provided such Carriage is built and constructed in all respects according to the Regulations applying to, Twowheel Carriages formerly denominated Taxed Carts, that is to

say, wholly of Wood and Iron, without any Ornament other

than Paint of a dark Colour for the Preservation of the Wood or Iron only, and witho ' other than a tilted

Carriages are not now chargeable with Duty by reason of their being built and constructed with a Spring or Springs of any

Materials whatever, if such Springs be not of Iron, Steel, or other Metallic Substance, or any Composition of Iron, Steel, 4 or other Metallic Substance, wholly or m part; and if the said Carriage be used with a covered or stuffed Seat or Cushion, or

with a covered Footboard or Apron respectively, fixed or not fixed; and if the original Price of any Carriage so built and constructed shall not have exceeded, or the Value whereof shall not at any Time exceed, the Sum of Twenty-one Pounds Sterling: And whereas Carriages with less than Four Wheels called or known by the Name of Common Stage Carts, kept truly and without Fraud to be used wholly in the Affairs of Husbandry, or in the Carriage of Goods in the course of Trade,

and whereon the Name and Place of Residence of the Owner, and the Words Common Stage Cart" shall be legibly painted, 4 are exempt from Duty where not used for riding therein or

2 & 3 Gul. IV. I i 4 thereon,

CAP. LXXXII.

4 Covering, and without

whereas all such

482.

C. 82>

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

In lien of the Duties of 31. 5s. mentioned in Schedule (D.) No. 2. of 52 G. 3. c. 93. there shall be charged the Duties following:

Duty on Two-wheel Carriages without Metal Springs, not exceeding 21/. in Value.

thereon, except on the' following Occasions; that is to say *

5 where the Owner or his Servant shall or may, for the^Purpose ' of driving or conducting the same, only occasionally ride therein or thereon when laden, or when returning from any Place to which, or when going to any Place from which, any Load shall have been or shall be to be carried in such Cart, in the course of Husbandry or Trade, or which shall be used for conveying the Owners thereof or their Families to or from any Place of Divine Worship on Sunday, or on Christmas Day, or on Good Friday, or on any Day appointed for a Public Fast or Thanksgiving, or for carrying Persons going to or returning from the ' Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, in case such Carriage shall not have been or be let to Hire for the Purpose of riding therein or thereon: And whereas the Construction ' of Carriages formerly denominated Taxed Carts, and the Uses ' of Carriages called Common Stage Carts, for riding therein* or thereon, have in several Instances exceeded the said Rules and Regulations limiting the said Exemptions from Duty, whereby the Persons keeping such Carriages become chargeable to the Duties of Three Pound Five Shillings payable under Schedule ' (D.) No. 2. of the said Act on Carriages with less than Four Wheels: And whereas it is expedient to reduce the said Duties on Two-wheel Carriages, and to make Provision for Relief in the particular Cases herein mentioned, where Carriages shall not exceed the Construction and Uses herein described and allowed; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for and in lieu of the Duties of Three Pounds Five Shillings mentioned in the said Schedule marked (D.) No. 2. of the said Act passed in the Fifty-second Year aforesaid, and now payable for and in respect of Carriages with less than Four Wheels, herein-after described, there shall be charged, for any Year commencing .from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, the several reduced Duties following, and no more; and the said Duties hereby reduced shall and are hereby declared to be Duties payable under the said Schedule (D.) No. 2., and shall be assessed, raised, levied, collected, accounted for, and applied in like Manner as the said Duties now in force; (that is to say,)

I. For every Carriage with less than Four Wheels, kept by any Person or Persons for his or her own Use, and not for Hire, and drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule only, and not otherwise, and built and constructed with any Materials {except as herein mentioned) , and in any Form, but without any Head or Covering, or any Lining, fixed or not fixed, and without any Spring or Springs of Iron, Steel, or other Metallic Substance, or of any Composition of Iron, Steel, or other Metallic Substance, either wholly or in part, (other than Iron Tips, Caps, or Swivels, each not exceeding Three Inches in Length, and painted of a different Colour, to distinguish the Iron from the Spring, and at the Extremity only of each Spring of such Carriage,) and the original

Price

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 82.

4S3

Price of which Carriage, together with the Cushion or Cushions, and any other Article or Thing used with or belonging to such Carriage, shall not have exceeded, or the Value whereof shall not at any Time exceed, the Sum of Twenty-one Pounds Sterling, the reduced Duty or Sum of One Pound Ten Shillings:

2. For every Carriage with less than Four Wheels, bona fide built and constructed wholly of Wood and Iron, with any Spring or Springs (wholly or in part of Metal) , and without any Covering other than a tilted Covering, and without any Lining, Apron, or Cushion, and with the Seat fixed or suspended by Slings or Braces, such Carriage being kept as a Common Stage Cart, and used truly and without Fraud in the Affairs of Husbandry, or in the Carriage of Goods, or in the course of Trade, and used occasionally for the Purpose of riding therein by the Owner or his or her Family or Servants only, provided that every such Carriage shall have the Name and Residence of the Owner, and the Words " Common Stage Cart," legibly painted on a conspicuous Part thereof, and shall not on any Occasion be let or used by the Owner or any other Person or Persons for Hire or Profit, the reduced Duty or Sum of One Pound Ten Shillings.

II. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall abridge or alter the Rules in force at the passing of this Act which exempt from Duty Carriages formerly denominated Taxed Carts and Common Stage Carts respectively, constructed and used within and according to the said Rules and Regulations therein mentioned; and where any Master or Mistress, by reason of his or her Liability for not more than One Horse to the Duty on Horses contained in Schedule (E.) No. l.of the said Act passed in the Fifty-second Year aforesaid, and not for any Carriage chargeable with Duty under the said Act, is or shall by the Laws in force be entitled to Exemption from Duty for a Male Servant in respect of any Person retained for the Purposes of Husbandry, Manufacture, or Trade, and at any Time employed in the Capacity of Groom, Stable Boy, or Helper in the Stables, such Master or Mistress shall have the Benefit of the said Exemption, notwithstanding his or her Payment of the recjuced Duties, or either of them, for a Carriage under this Act; and any Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, not otherwise chargeable to the Duties of the said Schedule (E.) , shall not, by reason of drawing any Carriage called a Common Stage Cart, chargeable with the said reduced Duty under this Act, be liable to any other or higher Duty than the Duty of Ten Shillings and Sixpence now payable by Schedule (F.) of the said Act of the Fifty-second Year aforesaid; any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament

Duty on Common Stage Carts constructed for the Carriage of Goods, occasionally used for riding therein.

This Act not to affect existing Exemptions.

Persons assessed for a Carriage by this Act not to lose the Exemption for Servants in Husbandry or Trade.

A Horse drawing a Common Stage Cart charged to the reduced Duty not to be assessed as a Carriage Horse.

Act may be altered this Session.

484

C. 83.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

In case of Contagion, Prisoners may be removed by Order of Lord Lieutenant.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act to authorize for One Year the Removal of Prisoners from the several Gaols in Ireland, in Cases of epidemic Diseases.

[3d August 1832.]

WHEREAS a malignant epidemic Disease has for some Time prevailed in the City of Dublin and in other Places

in Ireland: And whereas the Progress of the said Disease is i likely to be much augmented by the Want of proper Accom-

modation in the Gaols of the said City and other Places, and the Number of Persons who may be confined therein: And whereas the Removal of such Prisoners to other Prisons or

Places cannot, as the Law now stands, take place without Risk ' to Persons to whose Custody such Prisoners respectively may

be committed: And whereas Persons remanded or ordered to be imprisoned by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland cannot by any Order of the said Court or otherwise be discharged or removed to other Custody; and it is expedient that the Law should in such Cases be amended, for the Benefit and Safety of the Public Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That when and so often as any contagious, epidemic, or endemic Disease shall exist or be apprehended in the City or in the County of Dublin, or in any other City, Town, or Place in Ireland, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by his or their Order, to be signified by his or their Chief Secretary or Under Secretary, to direct that any Person or Persons, being imprisoned in any Gaol, Prison, Bridewell, or other Place of Confinement in the City or in the County of Dublin, or in any other City, Town, or Place in Ireland, under or by virtue of any Process, civil or criminal, or under or by virtue of any Order or Writ of any Court of Justice in Ireland, shall and may be removed from such Gaol, Prison, Bridewell, or other Place of Confinement, to such other Gaol, Prison, or Place of Custody as to such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall seem fit and proper, for and during such Time as to him or them shall appear expedient; and every such Person when so removed shall be to all Intents and Purposes deemed and considered to be in the proper legal Custody for and during the Time of such Removal, ancUfor and during such Time as he or she shall be in the Place to which he or she shall be so removed, in like Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if such Person had continued in his or her original Place of Confinement, and had not been by any such Order or otherwise removed from the same; and that no Right, Duty, Authority, Liability, Jurisdiction, Franchise, Power, Privilege, or Function of any Person whatsoever, which if such Removal had not taken place would have existed, or could or might have been used or exercised, shall be in any respect or degree affected,

7 altered,

A.D. 1832. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. c. 83, 84.

altered, diminished, prejudiced, or varied by or in consequence of any such Removal.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect from and after the passing of the same, and shall continue and be in force for the Space of One Year, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Customs.

[3d August 1832.]

WHEREAS several Acts were passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth i for consolidating the Laws of the Customs, and it is found necessary to make certain Alterations and Amendments therein be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the several Enactments herein-after contained shall come into and be and continue in full Force and Operation for all the Purposes mentioned therein.

II. And whereas by One of the said Acts, intituled An Act for the Management of the Customs, certain Regulations are made respecting the Days to be kept as Holidays, and it is expedient ' to amend the same be it therefore enacted, That no Day shall be kept as a Public Holiday by the Officers of Customs, except Christmas Day and Good Friday in every Year, and any Days appointed by His Majesty's Proclamation for the Purpose of a General Fast or of a General Thanksgiving, and also, so far as regards Scotland, any Days appointed for such Purposes by Authority of the General Assembly, and also such Days as shall have been appointed for the Celebration of the Birth-days of Their Majesties and of Their Successors; and that such Days shall be kept as Public Holidays by the Officers and Servants of all the Dock Companies in the United Kingdom.

III. And whereas by one other of the said Acts, intituled ' An Act for the general Regulation of the Custmns, it is enacted,

that no Drawback or Bounty is to be allowed for any Goods exported from the United Kingdom to Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, ' or Sark, until a Certificate shall be produced from the Registrar ' of Certificates or other chief Officer of the Customs in the said Islands, of the due landing of such Goods; and it is expedient ' to repeal so much of the said Act be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act no Certificate shall be required of the due larfding of Drawback or Bounty Goods in any of the said Islands; any thing in the said Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Master of every Vessel coming from the Coast of Africa, and having taken on board at any Place in Africa any Person or Persons being or appearing to be Natives of Africa, shall, in addition to all Matters now required by Law to be reported by him, state, in the Report of his Vessel,

485

Commencement and Continuance of Act.

[Commencement of Act.]

Management.

6 G. 4. c. 106. Holidays.

Regulation.

6 G. 4. c. 107. Certificate of the due landing not to be required in certain Cases.

Vessels coming from Africa to report how many Natives of Africa they have taken on board in Africa.

486

C. 84.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Regulation,

Masters or Owners to give Bond to maintain or send back such Africans.

Certificate of the Entries of Goods Inwards in the Port of London repealed.

Restrictions as to Piece Goods repealed.

For ascertaining the Value of such Goods.

Commissioners of Treasury may appoint additional Ports for warehousing Tobacco.

how many such Persons have been taken on board by him in Africa; and any such Master failing herein shall forfeit the Sura of One hundred Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Master or Owner or Owners of such Vessel, or some or One of them, at the Time of making such Report, be required to enter into Bond to His Majesty in the Sum of One hundred Pounds, conditioned to keep harmless any Parish or any Extra-parochial or other Place maintaining its own Poor against any Expence which such Parish or other Place may be put to in supporting any such Person during their Stay in the United Kingdom; and any such Master, Owner or Owners, refusing or neglecting to enter into such Bond, shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said last-mentioned Act as requires the Collector and Comptroller to issue Certificates of the Entry of Goods Inwards for the Computation of the Drawback allowable on such Goods, or for the due Delivery thereof from the Warehouse, shall be and the same is hereby repealed, except so far as respects Goods entered to be shipped for Exportation for Drawback at any other Port than that of Importation.

VII. And whereas by the said last-mentioned Act it is enacted,

that the Value of all Goods called " Piece Goods," being Articles manufactured of Silk, Hair, or Cotton, or any Mixture

thereof, imported by any Person into the Port of London from 6 Places within the Limits of the Charter of the Bast India Company, shall be ascertained by the gross Price at which the same shall have been sold by Auction at the public Sales of the ' said Company; and it is expedient to repeal so much of the said ' last-mentioned Act, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof; be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said last-mentioned Act as has, been herein-before recited shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Value of such Goods shall be ascertained in the same Manner as that of all other Goods entered at Value, and such Goods shall be subject and liable to the same Regulations, Restrictions, and Forfeitures as other Goods entered at Value are liable to.

IX. And whereas by the said last-mentioned Act the Importation of Tobacco and Snuff is restricted to certain Ports therein mentioned, and it may become expedient that the Provisions of the said Act should be extended to other Ports in the United Kingdom; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, by their Order, from Time to Time to appoint any additional Port or Ports in the United Kingdom for the importing into or warehousing of Tobacco and Snuff, without Payment of Duty upon the first Entry thereof; Provided always, that all such Appointments shall be published in the London Gazette for such as shall be appointed in Great Britain, and in the Dublin Gazette for such as shall be appointed in Ireland; and such Tobacco or Snuff so imported into or warehoused at any such Port or Ports shall be subject to the like Prohibitions and Restrictions as are mentioned in the Table of

C. 84.

487

Prohibitions and Restrictions in the said recited Act, or any other Act now in force or hereafter to be made.

X. And whereas by the said last-mentioned Act it is enacted, that all Foreign Goods, Derelict, Jetsam, Flotsam, and Wreck, brought or coming into the United Kingdom or into the Isle of Man, shall be subject to the same Duties as Goods of the like Kind imported into the United Kingdom respectively are subject to: And whereas from the Nature and Circumstances

attending such Goods the Requisites of the Law cannot in all Cases be duly complied with, and it is expedient to remedy the same; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act all Foreign Goods, Derelict, Jetsam, Flotsam, and Wreck, brought or coming into the United Kingdom or into the Isle of Man, shall be deemed to be the Growth or Produce of such Country or Place as the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs shall upon Investigation determine, and shall be charged with Duty accordingly: Provided always, that all such Goods which will not sell for the Amount of Duty due thereon shall be delivered over to the Lord of the Manor or other Person entitled to receive the same, and shall be deemed and taken to be unenumerated Goods, and shall be liable to and charged with Duty accordingly.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any such Goods be such as are entitled to an Allowance for Damage, such Allowance shall be made under such Regulations and Conditions as the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs shall from Time to Time think fit to direct.

XII. And be it further enacted, That where any Package or Parcel shall have been landed by Bill of Sight, and any Goods or other Things shall be found in such Package or Parcel, concealed in any way, or packed with Intent to deceive the Officers of His Majesty's Customs, as well all such Goods and other Things as the Package or Parcel in which they are found, and all other Things contained in such Package or Parcel, shall be forfeited.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the last-mentioned Act as restricts the Importation of Wine, unless in a Ship of the Burthen of £>fxty Tons or upwards, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XIV. And be it further enacted and declared, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by His Commission out of the Court of Exchequer, from Time to Time to appoint any Port, Haven, or Creek in the United Kingdom or in the Isle of Man, and to set out the Limits thereof, and to appoint the proper Places within the same to be Legal Quays for the lading and unlading of Goods, and to declare that any Legal Quay which had been set out by such Authority in any Port shall no longer be so, and to appoint any new Place within any Port to be a Legal Quay for the lading and unlading of Goods.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in any Information or other Proceeding for any Offence against any Act made or to be made relating to the Customs, the Averment that such Offence was committed within the Limits of any Port shall be sufficient, without Proof of such Limits, unless the contrary be proved.

Regulation.

Foreign Goods Derelict and "Wreck to be deemed the Produce of such Country as the Commissioners of Customs shall determine.

Such Goods, not selling for the Amount of Duty, to pay an act valorem Duty.

Allowance for Damage.

Goods landed by Bill of Sight, fraudulently concealed, forfeited

Restriction on Importation of Wine repealed.

Certain Powers granted to His Majesty,

Averment of Offence.

1 i 4

488

Regulation.

Unauthorized Persons not to be permitted to make Entries.

Smuggling.

6 G. 4. c. 108. Boats used in fishing on the Coast of Ireland not required to have Licenses *

Penalty on Per;

sons procuring others to assemble for assisting in unshipping prohibited or uncustomed Goods.

Persons carrying, &c. Tea or Manufactured Silk to forfeit Treble the Value, and to be liable to Detention.

C. 84. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons who shall make or cause to be made at any Custom House in the United Kingdom Entry Inwards of any Goods, not being duly authorized thereto by the Proprietor or Consignee of such Goods, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds: Provided always, that no such Penalty shall extend or be deemed to extend to any Person or Persons acting under the Directions of the several Dock Companies or other Corporate Bodies authorized by Law to pass Entries.

XVII. And whereas by one other of the said last-mentioned

Acts, intituled An Act for the Prevention of Smuggling, it is ' enacted, that all Boats belonging in the whole or in part to His Majesty's Subjects found within certain Limits are forfeited,

unless the Owners thereof have obtained a License for navigating the same from the Commissioners of His Majesty's ' Customs: And whereas it is expedient to dispense with such

Licenses for Boats used in fishing on the Coast of Ireland; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the Owners of Boats solely used in fishing on the Coast of Ireland shall not be required to obtain Licenses for navigating the same from the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs under the Provisions of the said Act: Provided always, that if such Boat shall be employed in smuggling the Owner or Owners thereof shall be liable to a Penalty equal to the Value of such Boat so employed in smuggling as aforesaid, over and above any other Penalty to which the Parties may be liable on account of such Smuggling Transaction.

XV]

II. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons who shall by any Means procure or hire any Person or Persons, or who shall depute, authorize, or direct any Person or Persons to procure or hire any Person or Persons, to assemble for the Purpose of being concerned in the landing or unshipping or carrying or conveying any Goods which are prohibited to be imported, or the Duties for which have not been paid or secured, shall for every Person so procured or hired forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every Person whatsoever who shall unship, or be aiding, assisting, or otherwise concerned in the unshipping of any Tea or Foreign Manufactured Silk of the Value of Twenty Pounds, liable to Forfeiture under any Act relating to the Revenue of Customs or Excise, or who shall carry, convey, or conceal, or be aiding, assisting, or concerned in the carrying, conveying, or concealing of such Tea or Silk, shall forfeit for every such Offence Treble the Value thereof, to be ascertained according to the Price which Goods of the like Sort and of the best Quality, and upon which the Duties have been paid, bear at the Port or Place where the Offence is committed; and every such Person shall and may be detained by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Army, Navy, or Marines, being duly authorized and on full Pay, or by any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise, or by any other Person acting in his or their Aid or Assistance, or duly employed for the Prevention of smuggling, and taken before any Justice of the Peace in the United Kingdom, or before the Governor, Deputy

Gover-

A.D. 1832. 2o & 3o GULIELMI IV. c. 84.

Governor, or any One of the Deemsters in the Isle of Many to be dealt with as is directed by the last-mentioned Act in the Case of Persons liable to be arrested and detained by virtue of that Act, or of any other Act amending the same: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for such Person so detained to give Security to Treble the Amount of the Goods seized, by Recognizance or otherwise, to the Satisfaction of such Justice of the Peace or Deemster, to appear at a Time and Place to be appointed; and that no such Person shall be liable to serve His Majesty in His Naval Service.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Owner or Owners of every Vessel or Boat employed on the Coasts of the United Kingdom in piloting or fishing shall within Six Months from the Time of passing this Act paint every such Vessel or Boat, or cause the same to be painted or tarred, entirely Black, except the Name or other Description now required by Law to be painted on such Vessel or Boat, on pain of Forfeiture of such Vessel or Boat not so painted; provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent any distinguishing Mark from being placed on the Bows of any such Vessel or Boat.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Officer of Customs or Excise, or other Person acting in his or their Aid and Assistance, or duly employed for the Prevention of smuggling, upon reasonable Suspicion, to stop and examine any Cart, Waggon, or other Means of Conveyance, for the Purpose of ascertaining whether any Smuggled Goods are contained therein; and if no such Goods shall be found, then and in such Case the Officer so stopping and examining such Cart, Waggon, or other Convej'ance, having had probable Cause to suspect that such Cart, Waggon, or other Conveyance had Smuggled Goods contained therein, shall not, on account of such Stoppage and Search, be liable to any Prosecution or Action at Law on account thereof y and all Persons driving or conducting such Cart, Waggon, or other Conveyance, refusing to stop when required so to do in the King's Name, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties imposed by the said last-mentioned Act, or by any other Act or Acts now in force or hereafter to be made, relating to the Revenue of Customs or for the Prevention of smuggling, and incurred or which shall hereafter be incurred for or by reason of any Offence or Offences against the said last-mentioned Act or the said other Acts, or any of them, may be sued for and recovered, and all Goods, Commodities, and Chattels seized or which shall hereafter be seized as forfeited under or by virtue of the said last-mentioned Act, or any other Act or Acts now in force or hereafter to be made, relating to the Revenue of Customs or for the Prevention of smuggling, may be returned for Condemnation, and condemned in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer at Dublin, in all Cases in which such Penalties, Offences, Seizures, and Forfeitures may by Law be sued for and prosecuted in Ireland: Provided always, that the Proceedings for the Recovery of any such Penalty or Penalties, or for the Condemnation of any such Goods, Commodities, or Chattels, shall be

489

Smuggling.

Vessels and Boats used in piloting or fishing to be painted Black.

Officers of Customs or Excise may, on probable Cause, stop Carts, &c. and search for Goods; Drivers refusing to stop and submit to Examination to forfeit 100/.

Penalty imposed by Acts relating to the Revenue of Customs or for the Prevention of smuggling may be recovered in the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas in Ireland.

C. 84.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Smuggling.

Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas in Ireland to have concurrent Jurisdiction with the Court of Exchequer, in regard to Seizures of Goods, and in certain other Matters.

be commenced respectively within Three Years next after the Commission of the Offence or Offences by which such Penalty or Penalties shall have been incurred, or after the Seizure of such Goods, Commodities, or Chattels shall have been made.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That His Majesty's Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas in Ireland respectively shall have a concurrent Jurisdiction in the Cases aforesaid with the Court of Exchequer in Ireland; and that the Judges of the said Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas respectively shall and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered to exercise the like Jurisdiction, and to make, issue, hold, and enforce the like Rules, Orders, Process, and Proceedings, including the Writ of Appraisement, in and for the Condemnation of any Goods, Commodities, and Chattels forfeited under or by virtue of the said last-mentioned Act, or any other Act or Acts now in force or hereafter to be made, relating to the Revenue of Customs or for the Prevention of smuggling, and in and for the Recovery of any Debts, Duties, Penalties, and Forfeitures due or hereafter to become due to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, arising from or relating to the Revenue of Customs, or incurred or to be incurred under or by virtue of the said last-mentioned Act or the said other Acts, or any of them, as are directed by this Act to be, or as at and immediately before the Commencement of this Act are or may be, or as hereafter may be, exercised, made, issued, held, or enforced for such Purposes respectively in or by His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland, and the Barons and Judges thereof, and according to the Practice of such last-mentioned Court; and that all Informations for such Debts, Duties, Penalties, and Forfeitures as aforesaid, and all Claims which shall be made to any Goods, Commodities, or Chattels seized as forfeited under or by virtue of the said last-mentioned Act, or any other Act or Acts now in force or hereafter to be made, relating to the Revenue of Customs or for the Prevention of smuggling, where the Proceedings shall be in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench at Dublin shall be filed and entered with the Filacer of the said Court of King's Bench, and where the Proceedings shall be in the Court of Common Pleas shall be filed and entered with the Clerk of the Pleadings of the said Court of Common Pleas, within such Time, in such Manner and Form, in such Name and Names, with such Description of Residence and Business or Profession, verified by such Oath (to be made before One of the Judges of the said Courts of King's Bench or Common Pleas, as the Case may be) , with such Security for the Payment of Costs, and subject to such and the like Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Conditions, and to such Condemnation and Judgment by Default or Failure of Compliance therewith, as at or immediately before the passing of this Act are or hereafter may be by Law practised and required in Cases of Claims made in His Majesty's said Court of Exchequer to Goods, Commodities, or Chattels seized as forfeited under or by virtue of the said Acts or any of them, and returned for Condemnation into the said last-mentioned Court; and that every Person who shall be convicted of making or taking a false Oath before any of the Judges of the said Courts of King's Bench

or

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 84.

491

or Common Pleas, to any of the Facts directed or required to be sworn to touching any such Claim as aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of Perjury, and shall be liable to all the Pains and Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XXIV. And be it further declared and enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Customs, or Person acting under the Direction of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, having a Writ of Assistance under the Seal of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, to take a Constable, Head-borough, or other Public Officer inhabiting near to the Place, and, in the Day-time, to enter into and search any House, Shop, Cellar, Warehouse, Room, or other Place, and in case of Resistance to break open Doors, Chests, Trunks, and other Packages, there to seize, and from thence to bring, any uncustomed or prohibited Goods, and to put and secure the same in the Customhouse Warehouse in the Port next to the Place from whence such Goods shall be so taken as aforesaid: Provided always, that for the Purposes of this Act any such Constable, Head-borough, or other Public Officer, duly sworn as such, may act as well without the Limits of any Parish, Ville, or other Place for which he shall be so sworn, as within such Limits.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whatsoever shall hinder, molest, or obstruct any Officer or Officers of the Army, Navy, or Marines, being duly authorized and on full Pay, or any Officers of Customs or Excise, or any other Person acting in his or their Aid or Assistance, or duly employed for the Prevention of smuggling, in the Execution of his Duty, or in the due seizing of any Goods, or shall rescue or cause to be rescued any Goods which shall have been duly seized, or shall attempt or endeavour to do so, or shall, before or at or after any Seizure, stave, break, or otherwise destroy any Goods, to prevent the Seizure thereof or the securing of the same, then and in such Case the Parties offending shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall give or offer, or promise to give or procure to be given, any Bribe, Recompence, or Reward to, or shall make any collusive Agreement with, any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise, or any Officer or Officers of the Army, Navy, or Marines, duly authorized and [on full Pay, or any Person duly employed for the Prevention of smuggling, to induce him in any way to neglect his Duty, or to do, conceal, or connive at any Act whereby any of the Provisions of any Act of Parliament relating to the Revenue of Customs may be evaded, shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Vessels, Boats, and Goods which shall have been or shall be hereafter seized as forfeited under any Law relating to the Revenue of Customs, and which shall have been or shall be hereafter ordered to be

Prosecuted by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, shall e deemed and be taken to be condemned, and may be sold in the Manner directed by Law in respect to Vessels, Boats, and Goods seized and condemned for Breach of any Law relating to the Revenue of Customs, unless the Person from whom such

Vessels,

Smuggling,

Officers, by Writ of Assistance, with a Peace Officer, may search Houses for, and break open Doors and Packages to seize, prohibited and uncustomed Goods.

Persons resisting Officers, or rescuing, or destroying Goods to prevent Seizure, to forfeit 100/.

Persons offering Bribes to Officers to forfeit 200/.

All Vessels, &c. seized under any Law of Customs, and ordered to be prosecuted, shall be deemed to be condemned, unless the Owner gives Notice that lie intends to claim.

C. 84.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Smuggling.

Persons convicted and not paying the Penalty, Justices may commit until Penalty paid.

Persons employed for the Prevention of smuggling to be deemed duly employed.

Restricted Goods to be deemed run Goods, for the Purpose of proceeding for Forfeiture.

Persons in Gaol not appearing or pleading to the Information, Judgment may be entered by Default.

Vessels, Boats, and Goods shall have been seized, or the Owner of them, or some Person authorized by him, shall, within One Calendar Month from the Day of seizing the same, give Notice in Writing, if in London, to the Person seizing the same, or to the Secretary or Solicitor for the Customs, and if elsewhere, to the Person seizing the same, or to the Collector and Comptroller or other Chief Officer of the Customs at the nearest Port, that he claims the Vessels, Boats, or Goods, or intends to claim them.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Person shall have been duly convicted before any Two Justices of the Peace in any Penalty or Penalties under any Act now passed or hereafter to be passed for the Prevention of smuggling, or relating to the Revenue of Customs, or to Trade or Navigation, and such Penalty or Penalties shall not be paid, such Justices, or One of them, or some other Justice or Justices of the Peace, are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hand and Seal, to commit such Party to any of His Majesty's Gaols within their or his Jurisdiction, there to remain until the Penalty or Penalties shall be paid: Provided always, that such Warrants shall and may be executed in any Part of the United Kingdom.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons employed for the Prevention of smuggling under the Direction of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, or of any Officer or Officers in the Service of the Revenue of Customs, shall be deemed and taken to be duly employed for the Prevention of smuggling, and the Averment in any Information or Suit that such Party was so duly employed shall be sufficient Proof thereof, unless the Defendant in such Information or Suit shall prove to the contrary.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all Goods the Importation of which is restricted, either on account of the Package or the Place from which the same shall be brought, or otherwise, which are of a Description admissible to Duty, and which shall be found and seized in the United Kingdom under any Law relating to the Customs or Excise, shall, for the Purpose of proceeding for the Forfeiture of them, or for any Penalty incurred in respect of them, be described in any Information exhibited on account of such Forfeiture or Penalty as Goods liable to and unshipped without Payment of Duties.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person against whom a Capias shall issue out of any of His Majesty's Courts of Record shall be arrested upon such Capias, and taken to Prison for Want of sufficient Bail, a Copy of the Information exhibited against such Person shall be served upon him or her in Gaol, or delivered to the Gaoler, Keeper, or Turnkey of the Prison in which such Person shall be confined; and if such Person shall neglect or refuse to appear or plead to the said Information for the Space of Twenty Days, Judgment shall be entered by Default; and in case Judgment shall be obtained against any such Person or Persons by Default, Verdict, or otherwise, and such Person or Persons shall not pay the Sum recovered against him, her, or them for his, her, or their Offence, Execution shall be thereupon awarded and issued, not only against the Body or Bodies so in Prison as aforesaid, but against all the Real and

Personal

A.D. 1832. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. c. 84.

Personal Estates of such Person or Persons, for such Sum or Sums of Money so as aforesaid recovered against him, her, or them.

XXXII. And be it further enacted and declared, That where any Party convicted before, any Two Justices of the Peace of any Offence against any Act relating to the Revenue of Customs shall be a Married Woman, such Party shall be liable to be committed to Prison by such Justices notwithstanding her Coverture.

XXXIII. And whereas one other of the said Acts was passed in the said Sixth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, entituled

An Act for the registering of British Vessels, and it is expedient ' to extend the Provisions thereof to British Possessions at which no Appointment of Comptroller of His Majesty's Customs has ' been made; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Collector of His Majesty's Customs at any Port or Place in any British Possession at which no Appointment of Comptroller of His Majesty's Customs has been made, together with the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief of any such Possessions, to make Registry of British Vessels, and grant Certificates thereof, under the Provisions and Regulations of the said recited Act; any thing in the said Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And whereas it is expedient that the Provisions of ' an Act passed in the First and Second Years of His present

Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to abolish certain Oaihs and 1 Affirmations taken and made in the Customs and Excise Depart- merits of His Majesty's Revenue, and to substitute Declarations ' in lieu thereof \ should extend to the Oaths now required to be ' taken by the said Act for the registering British Vessels, or by ' any other Act made and passed for altering and amending the i same; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act so much of the Provisions of the said recited Act as relates to the Declarations in lieu of Oaths, solemn Affirmations, or Affidavits, and to the Penalties therein contained for making false Declarations, shall extend to all Oaths required to be taken by the said Act for the registering of British Vessels, or by any other Act for altering and amending the same.

XXXV. And whereas one other of the said Acts was passed

for granting Duties of Customs, and it is expedient to amend ' the said Act; be it therefore enacted, That instead of the Duties imposed by the said last-mentioned Act or by any other Act upon the several Articles mentioned in the Table hereinafter contained, and denominated " Table of New Duties Inwards, 1832," the several Duties set forth in Figures in the said Table shall, in respect of such Goods as are mentioned therein, be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in like Manner as if such Duties had been imposed in and by the said last-mentioned Act, and had been set forth in the Table thereunto annexed; (that is to say,)

TABLE

493

Smuggling.

Married Women may be committed to Prison.

Register.

6G. 4. c. 110. Collector, with Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief, to make Registry where there is no Comptroller.

Declarations substituted for Oaths, where required by the Registry Acts.

1 & 2 W.4. c. 4.

Duties.

6 G. 4. c. 111. New Duties imposed upon certain Articles.

494

C. 84.

2° & So GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

TABLE OF NEW DUTIES INWARDS, 1832.

ARTICLES. DUTY.

£ s. d.

Alkanet Root - . - the Cwt. 0 2 0

Almonds, viz1.

Bitter - - the Cwt. 0 4 0

Jordan - - the Cwt. 2 0 0

any other Sort - - the Cwt. 1 0 0

Aloes - . the lb. 0 0 8

the Produce of and imported from any

British Possession the lb. 0 0 2

Amber, rough - - the lb. 0 0 6

Ambergris - the oz. 0 0 6

Angelica - - the Cwt. 0 4 0

Annatto, viz1.

Flag - - the Cwt. 0 1 0

Roll - - the Cwt. 0 4 0

Antimony, viz1.

Ore - the Ton 0 1 0

Crude - - the Cwt. 0 8 0

Regulus - - the Cwt. 0 16 0

Argol - - the Cwt. 0 0 6

Arrow Root, the Produce of and imported from

any British Possession - - the Cwt. 0 1 0

Arsenic - - the Cwt. 0 8 0

Asphaltum - - the Cwt. 0 4 0

Balsam, viz1.

Canada - the lb. 0 0 1

Capivi - - the Cwt. 0 4 0

Peru - - the lb. 0 1 0

Tolu - the lb. 0 2 0

Bark, viz1.

for Tanner's or Dyer' s Use - the Cwt. 0 0 8

- - - imported from any British Possession

the Cwt. 0 0 1

of other Sorts - - the lb. 0 0 1

Extract of, or of other Vegetable Substances, to be used only for tanning Leather,

imported from any British Possession - the Cwt. 0 0 1

Basket Rods, the Bundle, hot exceeding Three

Feet in Circumference at the Band 0 1 0

Benjamin or Benzoin - the Cwt. 0 4 0

Berries - - the Cwt. 0 2 0

Bitumen Judiacum - - the Cwt. 0 4 0

Boracic Acid . - the Cwt. 0 4 0

Borax or Tincal, viz1.

Refined . - the Cwt. 0 10 0

Unrefined - - the Cwt. 0 4 0

Brazil Wood - the Ton 2 0 0

Camomile Flowers - the lb. 0 0 3

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV,

C. 84.

495

ARTICLES. DUTY.

Camphor, viz'. £ s. d.

Refined - the Cwt. 2 0 0

Unrefined - - the Cwt. 0 1 0

Camwood - the Ton 0 5 0

Cantharides - the lb. 0 1 0

Caoutchouc - the Cwt. 0 1 0

Cardamoms - the lb. 0 1 0

Carmine - - the oz. 0 0 6

Castor - the lb. 0 0 6

Chicory, roasted or ground - - the lb. 0 0 6

China Root - - the lb. 0 0 3

Cinnabaris Nativa - - the lb. 0 0 1

Citrat of Lime - the lb. 0 0 2

Citric Acid - the lb. 0 0 6

Cloves, imported from any British Possession in

Asia, Africa, or America - - the lb. 0 2 0

Cobalt ---- the Cwt. 0 1 0

Cocoa Nuts - - the lb. 0 0 6

the Produce of and imported from any British Possession - the lb. 0 0 2

Husks and Shells - - the lb. Paste, the Produce of and imported 0 0 1

from any British Possession, the lb. 0 0 4

Colocynth - the lb. 0 0 2

Columbo Root - the lb. 0 0 2

Comfits - the lb. 0 1 0

Copper Ore, the Produce of and imported from

any British Possession in America - the Ton 1 0 0

Cranberries - the Gallon 0 0 1

Cream of Tartar - - the Cwt. 0 2 0

Cubebs - the lb. 0 0 6

Dates - - the Cwt. 0 10 0

Drugs, not particularly charged in this or any other Act - the Cwt. 0 10 0

Euphorbium - - the Cwt. 0 6 0

Galls ---- - the Cwt- 0 2 0

Gamboge ---- the Cwt. 0 4 0

Gentian - - - the Cwt. 0 4 0

Ginseng - the Cwt. 0 4 0

Granilla - the lb. 0 0 2

Gum, viz1. Animi, Copal, Arabic, Senegal, Tragacanth, Lac Dye, Shellac, Storax, and other Gum, not otherwise charged in this Act - the Cwt. 0 6 0

Hair, viz1.

Cow, Ox, Bull, or Elk Hair - the Cwt. 0 0 6

Helebore - - the lb. 0 0 1

Hemp, rough and undressed, or any other Vegetable Substance of the Nature and Quality of undressed Hemp, and applicable to the same 1

Purposes - - the Cwt. 0 0

496

C. 84.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

ARTICLES. DUTV

£ 8. d.

Hoofs of Cattle - for every 100/. of the Value 1 0 0

Jalap - - the lb. 0 0 6

Jet ..... - the lb. 0 0 2

Ink for printing - the Cwt. 0 10 0

Juice of Lemons, Limes, or Oranges - the Gallon Lac, viz1. 0 0

Stick Lac - - . - - the Cwt. 0 1 0

Lamp Black - the Cwt. Latten, viz1. Black - the Cwt. Shaven - the Cwt. 1 0 0 0 4 6 0 0 0

Leaves of Roses ... the lb. 0 0 2

Live Creatures, illustrative of Natural History - Free.

Maccaroni ---- the lb. Mahogany, viz1. imported from any British Possession 0 0 2

the Ton imported from the Bay of Honduras, in a British Ship cleared out from 4 0 0

the Port of Belize - the Ton 1 10 0

Manganese Ore - - the Ton 0 10 0

Manna - - the lb. 0 0 3

Mastic ---- the Cwt. 0 6 0

Medlers - - the Bushel Moss, viz1. 0 1 0

Lichen Islandicus - - the lb. 0 0 1

Rock, for Dyer's Use - - the Ton not otherwise charged 0 5 0

for every 100/. of the Value 5 0 0

Musk - - the oz. 0 0 6

Myrrh - the Cwt. 0 6 0

Nicaragua Wood - - the Ton Nuts, viz1. 0 5 0

Cashew Nuts - - the Cwt. 0 10 0

Pistachio Nuts - - the Cwt. 0 10 0

Oakum - - - the Cwt. 0 0 1

Ochre - - - the Cwt. Oil, viz*. Castor, the Produce of and imported from 0 1 0

any British Possession - - the Cwt. 0 2 6

Paran - - the Tun Chemical, Essential, or Perfumed, viz*. 8 8 0

- - - of Carraways - - the lb. 0 4 0

- - - of Cloves - the lb. 0 14 0

- - - of Lavender - - the lb. 0 4 0

- - - of Mint - - the lb. 0 4 0

- - - of Peppermint - - the lb. 0 4 0

- - - of Spike - - the lb. 0 4 0

- - - of all other Sorts - the lb. 0 1 4

Olibanum, or Frankincense - - the Cwt. 0 6 0

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 84.

497

ARTICLES. DUTY.

£ s. d.

Orris, or Iris Root - - the Cwt. 0 10 0

Ores, not particularly charged in this or any other Act, except Tin Ore

for every 100/. of the Value 5 0 0

Painters Colours, unmanufactured, not particu-

larly charged in this or any other Act for every 100/. of the Value 5 0 0

Pink Root - the lb. 0 0 4

Pitchy Burgundy - the Cwt. 0 8 0

Pomegranates - - the 1,000 0 15 0

Peels of the Cwt. 0 I 0

Quicksilver - the lb. 0 0 1

Quinces - - the 1,000 0 1 0

Radix, viz1.

Contrayerva the lb. 0 0 2

Ipecacuanha - the lb. 0 1 0

Serpentaria the lb. 0 0 2

Red Wood or Guinea Wood the Ton 0 5 0

Rhubarb - the lb. 0 1 0

Safflower - - the Cwt. 0 I 0

Sago - - the Cwt. 0 1. 0

Sal, viz1.

Ammonia - the Cwt. 0 1 0

Prunella - - the Cwt. 0 1 0

Salep or Salop - - the Cwt. 0 1 0

Sanguis Draconis - the Cwt. 0 4 0

Sapan Wood - the Ton 0 1 0

Sarsaparilla - - the lb. 0 0 6

Sassafras - - the Cwt. 0 2 0

Saunders, White or Yellow - the Cwt. 0 1 0

Red - the Ton 0 1 0

Sausages or Puddings the lb. 0 0 4

Scammony - the lb. 0 2 6

Seed, viz1.

Anniseed - the Cwt. 0 5 0

Cummin Seed - the Cwt 0 2 0

Fennel Seed - the Cwt. 0 2 0

Hemp Seed - the Quarter 0 1 0

Lettuce Seed - the Quarter 0 1 0

Worm Seed - - the Cwt. 0 2 6

Sena - the lb. 0 0 6

Skins, viz1. Seal Skins in the Hair, not tanned,

tawed, nor in any Way dressed; of British

taking - the Dozen Skins 0 0 1

Smalts - the lb. 0 0 4

Spelter, in Cakes - the Cwt. 0 2 0

Sponge - the lb. 0 0 6

the Produce of and imported from any

British Possession the lb. 0 0 1

2 & 3 Gul.IV. Kk

498

C. 84.

2° & GULIELMI IV. A.D. 182.

Duties.

Import Duty on printed Linens and Cottons repealed.

ARTICLES. DUTY.

£ 8. d.

Squills, dried - the Cwt. 0 8 0

not dried - - the Cwt. 0 1 0

Stavesacre - - the Cwt. 0 4 0

Steel, unwrought, prepared in and imported from

any British Possession in Asia, Africa, or America - the Ton 0 1 0

Stone, viz1.

Marbles in Blocks - - Free a

Emery Stones - the Ton 0 1 0

Straw for platting - the Cwt. 0 0 1

Succinum - - the lb. 0 0 6

Tapioca - the Cwt. 0 1 0

Tartaric Acid - the lb. 0 0 4

Teeth, viz1.

— Sea Cow, Sea Horse, or Sea Morse Teeth

the Cwt. 1 0 0

Terra, viz*.

Japonica or Catechu - - the Cwt. 0 1 0

Sienna - - the Cwt. 0 4 0

Umbra - the Cwt. 0 4 0

Verde - - the Cwt. 0 1 0

Tortoise-shell, unmanufactured, imported from

any British Possession - - the lb. 0 0 1

Valonia - - the Cwt. 0 1 0

Vanelloes - - the lb. 0 5 0

Verdigris - the lb. 0 1 0

Vermicelli - the lb. 0 0 2

Vermillion - the lb. 0 0 6

Woad - the Cwt. 0 1 0

Wood, fit for Shipbuilding, imported from any

British Possession within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter

the Load of 50 Cubic Feet 0 0 1

imported from any other Place within

those Limits - - the Load 0 10 0

Zaffre - - the Cwt. 0 1 0

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, not being either

in part or wholly manufactured, and not being

enumerated or described, nor otherwise particularly charged with Duty in this or any other

Act - - for every 100/. of the Value 5 0 0

XXXVI. And be it farther enacted, That the additional Duty of Three-pence Halfpenny upon the Square Yard of Manufactures of Linen and Cotton, or of Linen mixed with Cotton or with Wool, imposed by the said last-mentioned Act upon the Importation of such Manufactures, if the same be printed, shall be and such Duty is hereby repealed.

C. 84.

499

XXXVII. And be it farther enacted, That all Goods of Woollen and Linen mixed, the Manufacture of the United Kingdom, exported to any Port or Place within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, shall be so exported Duty-free.

XXXVIII. And whereas in and by the said last-mentioned Act a Duty of Ten Shillings is, with certain Exceptions therein

set forth, charged upon every Hundred Pounds of the Value of British Manufactures exported from the United Kingdom; and it is expedient to exempt Coin from Payment of such Duty be it therefore enacted, That Coin shall be exempt from such Duty in as full and ample a Manner as if it were enumerated among the several Articles set forth in the said Act as Articles not chargeable with such Duty.

XXXIX. And whereas Drawbacks of Customs are allowed

on the Exportation of certain Goods from the United Kingdom,

and it is expedient to discontinue such Drawbacks, with certain

Exceptions be it therefore enacted, That no Drawback of Customs shall be allowed on Goods exported from the United Kingdom after the passing of this Act, except upon Wine, Manufactures of Silk, Tobacco manufactured, and Rice or Paddy.

XL. And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year

of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain to contract for the Purchase of the Duties of Prisage and Butlerage of Wines, it was enacted, that it should ' and might be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them,

or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, on behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to treat, contract, and agree with the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster, on the Behalf of His Majesty, and with the Lessee or Lessees of the said Duchy, for the absolute Purchase and Surrender of the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest of His Majesty, in right of His said Duchy, and of such Lessee or Lessees, of and in the Prisage and Butlerage of Wines brought into the Port of Liverpool, and all other Ports, Havens, Creeks,

4 Rivers, and other Places within the said County Palatine of Lancaster, and of all the Rights, Privileges, Profits, and other Advantages whatsoever thereunto belonging, for such Annuity,

4 to be charged upon and be payable out of the Consolidated Fund, at such Times and in such Manner, and upon and subject to such Terms and Conditions for the Redemption thereof,

or otherwise relating thereto, as the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy of Lancaster, and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, shall agree upon; provided that no such Contract which shall be entered into as aforesaid shall be carried into effect unless and ' until the same shall be sanctioned and confirmed by Parliament:

And whereas the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, on behalf of His Majesty, have agreed with the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster, on behalf of His Majesty,

4 in right of His said Duchy, and with the Right Honourable John Charles Earl of Clarendon, Lessee of the said Duties of

K k 2 ' Prisage

Duties.

Certain Exports of Woollen and Linen mixed to be Duty-free. Coin exported exempt from Duty.

Drawbacks

repealed.

Confirming the Duties of Prisage and Butlerage of Wines brought into the County Palatine of Lancaster.

soo

C. 84s

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Duties,

Warehouse,

"Warehoused Cocoa may be abandoned within One Month.

Restriction as to Package of Wine bottled in Warehouse *repealed.

1 Prisage and Butlerage within the said County Palatine, under and by virtue of a Demise thereof made to him by His late Majesty King George the Third during the Lives of him the said Earl and of the Right Honourable Charles Cecil Cepe Earl

of Liverpool, for the absolute Purchase and Surrender of the ' Estate, Right, Title, and Interest of His Majesty in right of His ' said Duchy, and of the said Earl as Lessee thereof, of and in

the said Duties of Prisage and Butlerage within the said County 6 Palatine, at and for a certain yearly Annuity or Payment, to be ' charged on the Consolidated Fund, of Eight hundred and three

Pounds, to be paid to the said Earl of Clarendon, his Heirs,

4 Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, during the Continuance ' of the said Lease, and from and after the Determination of the ' said Lease to the Receiver General for the Time being of the ' said Duchy, for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in right of His said Duchy; be it therefore enacted, That the said Agreement shall be and is hereby in all respects sanctioned and confirmed; and that it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three of them, for the Time being, to charge upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom an Annuity of Eight hundred and three Pounds, payable in Four equal Quarterly Payments, to be paid, for the Period during which the said Lease was granted to the said Earl of Clarendon, to him, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and subsequently to the Termination of the said Period to the Receiver General of the said Duchy of Lancaster for the Time being, for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in right of His said Duchy, the first Payment to be computed from the Day of the Surrender of the said Lease to the next following Quarter Day, and from thence to be paid at the Four most usual Quarterly Days of Payment.

ALL ' And whereas one other of the said first-mentioned

Acts was passed for the warehousing of Goods, and it is expedient to amend the said Act; be it therefore enacted, -That within One Month after any Cocoa shall have been warehoused it shall and may be lawful for the Importer or Proprietor to abandon any Part thereof for the Duty, and the Quantity of such Cocoa not so abandoned, being thereupon ascertained, shall be deemed to be the Quantity imported: Provided always, that no Abatement of Duty shall be made on account of any Damage received by any Cocoa during the Voyage.

XLII. And whereas by the said last-mentioned Act Wine is permitted to be drawn off in the Warehouse into reputed Quart

Bottles or reputed Pint Bottles, and is required to be packed c in Cases containing not less than Three Dozen such Quart Bottles or Six Dozen such Pint Bottles each, for the Purpose only of being exported from the Warehouse, and it is expedient

to repeal the said last-mentioned Restriction as to the Package thereof; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act so much of the said recited Act as so restricts the Exportation of Wine from the Warehouse in Cases containing Three Dozen reputed Quart Bottles or Six Dozen reputed Pint Bottles shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

C. 84.

501

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful, in the Warehouse, to draw off any Foreign Spirits into reputed Quart Bottles, for the Purpose of removing the same from such Warehouse for Exportation, under such Regulations and Restrictions as the Commissioners of Customs shall from Time to Time require and direct.

XLIV. And whereas Spirits warehoused under the Provisions 1 of the said last-mentioned Act are subject to a Diminution,

both as to their Strength and their Quantity, from natural c Causes, during their Continuance in the Warehouse, and it is 1 expedient that some Allowance of Duty should be made in respect of such Diminution; be it therefore enacted, That an Allowance of Duty in respect of such Diminution shall be made for Spirits that have been warehoused under the Provisions of the 4said last-mentioned Act in Warehouses of special Security, upon such Spirits being taken out for Home Consumption, and that such Allowance shall be the actual Diminution in Strength and also in Quantity that may have taken place during the Time that such Spirits have continued in the Warehouse; but that no Allowance of Duty by virtue of this Act shall be made in respect of any Diminution which shall exceed Ten per Centum under

Warehouse.

Spirits in the Warehouse may be bottled in Quart Bottles for Exportation.

Spirits: Allowance of Duty for Diminution of Strength and Quantity from natural Causes while in Warehouse of special Security.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That for all Spirits that have been warehoused in Warehouses, not being of special Security, that have been approved for the Deposit of Spirits, and declared in the Order of Approval to be fit, secure, and substantially huilt, near to the usual Places of landing and shipping, and approved for and capable of affording general Accommodation, the following Allowances shall be made upon their being entered for Home Consumption; namely,

For every Hundred Gallons, Hydrometer Proof; (videlicet,)

For any Time not exceeding Six Months, One Gallon:

For any Time exceeding Six Months and not exceeding Twelve Months, Two Gallons:

Allowances made on Spirka entered for Home Consumption, .

For any Time exceeding. Twelve Months and not exceeding '

Eighteen Months, Three Gallons:

For any Time exceeding Eighteen Months and not exceeding Two Years, Four Gallons:

For any Time exceeding Two Years, Five Gallons.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no; No Allowance Allowance shall be made by virtue of this Act in respect of any made fop Leak-Deficiency in Quantity in any such warehoused Spirits occasioned: °£, ier

either by Leakage or by any accidental Cause, or in respect of any greater* Deficiency than has actually occurred.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Entry of Mode of charg-any Sugar to be cleared from the Warehouse for Home Use , nSth Duty the Duty payable upon such Sugar shall, except as herein-after glared from provided, be charged upon the Weight of the Sugar actually Warehouse for delivered, and not according to the Account of the Quantity taken Home Use. at the Time of the landing of the same; any thing in any other Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided- always, Allowance for that if such Sugar be lodged in Warehouses not being declared Waste to be to be of special Security, no greater Allowance for Waste or Decrement of the Quantity ascertained at the Time of landing houses not of

K k 3 shall special Security.

C. 84.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Warehouse *

Goods permitted to be shipped from the Warehouse Duty-free as Slip's Stores.

Bounties.

Bounty on Cordage repealed.

Possessions Abroad.

Restrictions repealed as to the Manner in which Wine may be exported from Guernsey, &c.

Spirits in Bottles, Guernsey, &c.

Duties on certain Goods in Colonies repealed.

Free Ports may be made in Colonies for limited Purposes.

shall be foade than shall be after the Rate of Five per Centum of such Quantity for the first Three Months, and Two per Centum more for every subsequent Month during which such Sugar shall have remained in such Warehouse.

XLVIII. And whereas it is expedient to permit Warehoused Goods to be delivered into the Charge of the Searchers, to be shipped as Stores for certain Ships upon certain Voyages, 4 without Entry or Payment of Duty be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act such Goods shall and may be delivered into the Charge of the Searchers to be shipped as Stores, without Entry or Payment of any Duty for any Ship of the Burthen of Seventy Tons at least, bound upon a Voyage to Foreign Parts, the probable Duration of which Out and Home will not be less than Forty Days: Provided always, that such Goods shall be shipped in such Quantities and subject to such Directions and Regulations as the Commissioners of Customs shall direct and appoint.

XLIX. And whereas by one other of the said Acts, intituled c An Act to grant certain Bounties and Allowances of Customs, a 4 Bounty is granted upon the Exportation of Cordage and Spun Yarn, and it is expedient to discontinue the same be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said Act as grants any Bounty or Allowance upon the Exportation of Cordage or of Spun Yarn shall, in respect of any Cordage or Spun Yarn which shall not have been shipped for Exportation prior to the passing of this Act, be and the same is hereby repealed.

L. And whereas by another Act passed in the said Sixth Year 1 of His late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to regulate the Trade of the British Possessions Abroad, Brandy, Geneva, or other Spirits, except Rum of the British Plantations, are prohibited to be imported into or exported from the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, or Sark, unless in Casks or Packages containing at least Forty Gallons, and also any Wine, unless in Casks containing Twenty Gallons, or in Packages containing at least Three Dozen reputed Quart Bottles or Six Dozen reputed Pint Bottles, and it is expedient to alter the same; be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as restricts the Exportation of Wine from the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, or Sark, except in certain Quantities, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

LI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to import into or export from the said Islands any Brandy, Geneva, or other Spirits in Bottles, provided the same be imported or exported in square-rigged Vessels of the Burthen of One hundred Tons or upwards.

LII. And be it further enacted, That all Duties imposed upon the Importation into any of the British Possessions in America of Drugs, or of Gums or Resins, or of Dye Wood, or of Cabinet Maker s Wood, or of Tortoise-shell, or of Hemp, Flax, or Tow, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

LIII. And whereas in and by the said last-mentioned Act 4 certain Places in the British Possessions in America are enumerated and declared to be Free Ports for the Purposes of Trade with Foreign Countries, and certain Places in the said Possessions

A.D. 1832. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV.

a 84.

503

sions are also enumerated and declared to be Free Warehousing Possessions

4 Ports for the Purpose of warehousing Goods without Payment Abroad,

of Duty upon the First Entry thereof: And whereas His Majesty is empowered by the said Act to appoint, by Order in Council,

other Places to be Free Ports and Free Warehousing Ports respectively, and any Places so appointed by His Majesty become thereupon Free Ports and Free'Warehousing Ports respectively, in as full and ample a Manner as if the same had been appointed by the said Act: And whereas there are in the said Possessions many Places situated in Rivers and in Bays at which it may be necessary to establish Ports for particular and limited Purposes only; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, in any Order in Council made for the Appointment of any Free Port or of any Free Warehousing Port, to limit and confine such Appointments respectively to any and such Purposes only as shall be expressed in such Order.

LIV. And whereas by the said last-mentioned Act it is enacted, Coals may be that it shall not be lawful for any Person to re-export from any re-exported of His Majesty's Possessions Abroad to any Foreign Place any from Coals the Produce of the United Kingdom be it enacted, That Payment from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful of Export Duty, for any Person to re-export Coals, the Produce of the United Kingdom, in a British Ship, from any British Possession to any Foreign State, upon Payment of the Duty to which such Coals are liable upon Exportation from the United Kingdom to such Foreign State.

LV. And whereas in some of His Majesty's Possessions All British Abroad certain Duties of Tonnage are, by Acts of the local Vessels shall be Legislators of such Possessions, made payable in respect of or subject to equal are levied upon British Vessels, to which Duties the like Vessels the

built within such Possessions, or owned by Persons resident there, are not subject be it further enacted, That there shall be levied and paid at the several British Possessions Abroad, upon all Vessels built in any such Possessions, or owned by any Person or Persons there resident, other than Coasting or Drogue-ing Vessels employed in coasting or drogueing, all such and the like Duties of Tonnage and Shipping Dues as are or shall be payable in any such Possessions upon the like British Vessels built in other Parts of His Majesty's Dominions, or owned by Persons not resident in such Possessions.

LVI. And whereas by the said last-mentioned Act Spirits Spirits, the Prothe Produce of any of the British Possessions in South America duce of Possesor the West Indies, imported into Newfoundland from the United *ions Abroad,

4 Kingdom, are chargeable with the Duty of One Shilling and ^e^fo^nd"and Sixpence per Gallon: And whereas it is expedient to equalize from the United f the Duty on such Spirits, whether imported from the United Kingdom,

4 Kingdom or direct from the British Possessions in South America charged with or the West Indies be it therefore enacted, That from and Duty of 6d. per after the passing of this Act, Spirits the Produce of the British Possessions in South America or the West Indies, imported into Newfoundland from the United Kingdom, shall be chargeable with a Duty of Sixpence per Gallon in lieu of the Duty of One Shilling and Sixpence per Gallon now payable.

K k 4, LVII. And

Gallon only.

C. 84*.

2 .& 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Possessions Abroad

Directions as to Disposal of seized Goods.

Security to abide an Appeal from Decree of Vice-Admiralty Court.

Fines, &c. to be paid to Collector.

LVII. And whereas by the said last-mentioned Act all Thing seized as being liable to Forfeiture under the said Act are to be delivered into the Custody of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Custom House next to the Place where the same were seized, for Security, and after the Condemnation thereof are to be sold by public Auction to the best Bidder, and it is expedient to extend the said Act to Goods seized for Breach of any Act made for the Prevention of smuggling, or relating to the Revenue of Customs, Jor to Trade or Navigation; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act all Things seized in any of the British Possessions Abroad, under any Act made for the Prevention of smuggling, or relating to the Revenue of Customs or to Trade or Navigation, shall be taken forthwith and delivered into the Custody of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, at the Custom House next to the Place where the same were seized, who shall secure the same by such Means and in such Manner as any Things would have been secured under the Provisions and Directions of tire above-recited Act; and after Condemnation thereof the Collector and Comptroller shall cause all such Things to be sold by public Auction to the best Bidder: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs to direct in what Manner the Produce of such Sale shall be applied, or, in lieu of such Sale, to direct that any of such Things shall be destroyed, or shall be reserved for the Public Service.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in any Case in which Proceedings shall have been or shall hereafter be instituted in any Court of Vice-Admiralty or other competent Court in any of His Majesty's Possessions Abroad, against any Ship, Vessel, Boat, Goods, or Effects, for the Recovery of any Penalty or Forfeiture under any Act for the Prevention of smuggling, or relating to the Revenue of Customs, or to the Trade or Navigation of the United Kingdom, or of any of His Majesty's Possessions Abroad, the Execution of any Sentence or Decree restoring such Ship, Vessel, Boat, Goods, or Effects to the Claimant thereof, which shall be pronounced by the said Vice-Admiralty Court in which such Proceedings shall have been had, shall not be suspended by reason of any Appeal which shall be prayed and allowed from such Sentence, provided that the Party or Parties Appellate shall give sufficient Security, to be approved of by the Court, to render and deliver the Ship, Vessel, Boat, Goods, or Effects concerning which such Sentence or Decree shall be pronounced, or the full Value thereof, to be ascertained either by Agreement between the Parties, or in case the said Parties cannot agree, then by Appraisement under the Authority of the said Court, to the Appellant or Appellants, in case the Sentence or Decree so appealed from shall be reversed, and such Ship, Vessel, Boat, Goods, or Effects be ultimately condemned.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That all Fines and Penalties recovered in any such Possessions under any Act or Acts made for the Prevention of smuggling, or relating to the Revenue of Customs, or to Trade or Navigation, shall be paid into the Hands of the Collector or Comptroller of the Colony or Place where the same shall have been recovered, to be distributed by them

according

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 84.

505

according to Law; any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary Possessions thereof notwithstanding. Abroad.

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, in any penalty for of His Majesty's Possessions Abroad, counterfeit or falsify, or using forged wilfully use when counterfeited or falsified, any Entry, Warrant, Documents. Cocket, Transire, or other Document for the unlading, lading, ' entering, reporting, or clearing any Ship or Vessel, or for the landing, shipping, or removing of any Goods, Stores, Baggage, or Article whatever, or shall by any false Statement procure any Writing or Document to be made for any such Purposes, or shall falsely make any Oath or Affirmation required by any Act for regulating the Trade of the British Possessions Abroad, or shall forge or counterfeit a Certificate of the said Oath or Affirmation, or shall publish such Certificate knowing the same to be so forged or counterfeited, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and such Penalty shall and may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered in like Manner and by such Ways and Means as any Penalty may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered under the Provisions and Directions of the said last-mentioned Act.

LXI. And whereas by another Act passed in the said Sixth

Year of His late Majesty, entituled An Act for regulating the Trade of the Isle of Man, Rum of the British Plantations is permitted to be imported into the said Island, by License of the Commissioners of Customs, at a Duty of Three Shillings per Gallon, and it is expedient to amend the same, so that the Duty should be governed by the Degrees of Strength be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act Rum of the British Plantations, imported into the Isle of Man under the License of the Commissioners of Customs, shall be charged with a Duty of Three Shillings for every Gallon of such Rum of any Strength not exceeding the Strength of Proof by Sykess Hydrometer, and so in proportion for any greater Strength than the Strength of Proof, and for any greater or less Quantity than a Gallon; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LXII. And whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty-ninth Reciprocity Acts. 4 Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third,

intituled An Act to carry into effect a Convention of Commerce concluded between His Majesty and the United States of America, .

and a Treaty with the Prince Regent of Portugal, divers Provisions were made respecting the Duties payable, and the Bounties and Allowances to be granted, upon the Importation and;

4 Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, into, or from the United Kingdom, in Vessels of the United States, and in Portuguese Vessels, and respecting the Repayment to certain Corporations, Bodies Politic and Corporate, and sundry othei;

4 Persons, of the Amount of the Sums of Money of which they would be deprived by means of the said Act; and it was thereby enacted, that the said Act should continue in force so long as the Convention therein recited between His said late Majesty and the United States of America, and the Treaty therein recited between His said late. Majesty and His Royal Highness the Prince Regent of Portugal, and so long as any

4 Treaty

Isle of Man.

6 G. 4. c. 115. Rum imported into the Isle of Man to be charged with Duty according to its Strength.

59 G. 3. c. 54. to apply to all Foreign Powers, as well as United States and Portugal.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Reciprocity Acts.

Recited Act not to be construed as granting Powers beyond subsisting Treaties.

His Majesty, with Advice of Privy Council, to declare the Powers with whom Treaties are subsisting.

C. 84.

Treaty to be made with any Foreign Power, with the similar ' Provision therein-before recited, should respectively continue in force: And whereas, subsequently to the Enactment of the ' said recited Act, His Majesty and His Royal Predecessors

have made and concluded with divers Foreign Powers Treaties

containing Provisions similar to those recited in the said recited ' Act, and Doubts have arisen whether, according to the true ' Construction thereof, the said Act doth apply and extend to

the Trade and Shipping of such other Foreign Powers, and it

is expedient that such Doubts be removed; be it therefore, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That from and after the Ratification of any Treaty heretofore made by His Majesty or any of His Royal Predecessors subsequently to the Enactment of the said Act, or of any Treaty which may hereafter be made by His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with any such Foreign Power, in which Treaty has been or shall be contained Provisions similar to those recited in the said recited Act, all and every the Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things in the said recited Act contained did and shall apply and extend to the Trade and Shipping of such Foreign Powers respectively, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as to the Trade and Shipping of the said United States and of the said Kingdom of Portugal.

LXIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted and declared, That the said recited Act doth not extend and shall not be construed to extend to grant to or to confer upon the Trade or Shipping of the said United States or of the said Kingdom of Portugal, or of any other Foreign Power, or to the Subjects of such States or Kingdom, or of any such Foreign Power as aforesaid, any other or greater Advantage than such as shall have been stipulated for by and granted to the said United States, the said Kingdom of Portugal, or any such other Foreign Power, by the respective Treaties subsisting and in force between them respectively and His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; but that the said Act shall be so construed and applied as to give full and complete Effect to such respective Treaties so long as the same shall respectively remain in force, and is to provide such and only such Indemnity as therein mentioned to such Bodies Politic and Corporate, and other Persons as are therein mentioned, for such Losses as they shall respectively sustain by the Execution, on the Part of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, of such respective Treaties.

LXIV. And for the Prevention of Uncertainty herein, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by any Order or Orders to be by Him or Them made with the Advice of His or Their Privy Council, and published in the London Gazette, from Time to Time to declare what are the Foreign Powers with which any such Treaty or Treaties as aforesaid is or are subsisting; and this present Act and the said recited Act shall apply, and shall be deemed, from the Time of the Ratification of any such Treaties, to have been applicable to the Trade and Shipping of such Foreign Countries as shall be so mentioned in any such Order or Orders in Council as aforesaid, so long as any such Order or Orders shall continue unrevoked, and no longer.

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 85.

507

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act to make a better Provision for the Superintendence of Charitable Institutions in Ireland maintained in the whole or in part by Grand Jury Presentments; and for the more effectual Audit of the Accounts of the same.

[3d August 1832.]

WHEREAS various Houses of Industry, Infirmaries, Hos* 7 pitals, Lunatic Asylums, Dispensaries, and other Charitable

4 Establishments in Ireland, are supported in the whole or in part by Grand Jury Presentment: And whereas it is expedient to provide for the more effectual Superintendence and Inspection of those Establishments, and for the Audit and Examination of their Accounts s' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Commencement of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County, County of a City, or County of a Town in Ireland, save and except the Grand Jury of the City of Dublin, and each and every such Grand Jury is and are authorized, empowered, and required, at each and every or any Assizes or Presenting Term respectively, with the Consent and Approbation of the Court or Judge, to appoint not less than Eight or more than Twelve Persons, One Half of whom at the least shall be Justices of the Peace for the County, County of a City, or County of a Town wherein such Appointment shall take place, to be a Board of Superintendence of each and every Charitable Establishment supported in the whole or in part by Grand Jury Presentment within such County, County of a City, or County of a Town respectively; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury, at any subsequent Assizes or Presenting Term for any such County, County of a City, or County of a Town, to appoint a new Board of Superintendence, or to remove any Member or Members of the existing Board, as they shall think proper, and as the Case may require, but so that there shall not be at any One Time more than Twelve Members of any such Board; and any Three or more of such Board of Superintendence, One of whom at the least shall be a Justice of the Peace, shall be in all Cases competent to do or perform any Matter or Thing whatsoever in execution of any Duty required to be done and performed by the whole Board of Superintendence in virtue of any Powers granted to them by this Act; and every Act and Thing done or performed by such Three Members of such Board of Superintendence, One of whom at the least shall be a Justice of the Peace, shall be as valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if done by the whole Board of Superintendence.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such Board of Superintendence to visit and inspect each and every such charitable or public Establishment as aforesaid, from Time to Time as they shall think fit, and to inquire into and examine into the Management and Discipline thereof, and into the Mode

in

Grand Juries may appoint Boards of Superintendence of the Charitable Establishments supported by Presentment within the several Counties, &c. of Ireland.

Duties of the Boards of Superintendence.

SOS

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV;

A.D. 1832.

Report upon each Establishment to be made to Grand Jury at Assizes.

Provision for securing the Rights of Governors, &c.

45 G. 3. c. 43.

46 G. 3. c. 134.

53 G. 3. o. 146.

1 W. 4. c. 8.

C. 85, 86.

in which the several Laws, Rules, and Directions for the Regulation of such Charitable Establishments are carried into effect* and to the Accounts of Receipts and Expenditure, the Attendance given by the several Officers and Attendants, and all such other Matters and Things as relate thereto, and also to examine into the State and Repair of the Buildings, the Conduct and Situation of the several Patients and Inmates, and of all Officers or Attendants, and to audit and examine the Accounts and Vouchers of such Establishments, as aforesaid; and such Board of Superintendence shall make a Report upon each such Establishment to the Grand Jury at each and every Assizes, such Report containing a Statement of Income and Expenditure, of the Salaries paid, and Attendance given by Officers, and the Number of Patients admitted and discharged; and Copies of such Reports shall be' annually printed by such Grand Jury with the List of Presentments made at each Assizes.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall limit or abridge the legal Powers and Authorities of the several Directors, Governors, Subscribers*. Committees, or Managers, by whatever Name they may be called *, to whom the Superintendence and Control of their several Charitable Establishments is intrusted.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act to amend an Act of the Forty-fifth Year of His Majesty King George the Third, .relating to Post Roads in Ireland.

[3d August 1832.].

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the

" Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled

6. An Act to amend the Laws for improving and keeping in repair the i Post Roads in Ireland, and for rendering the Conveyance of Letters>

by. His Majesty's Post Office more secure and expeditions; and

by a certain other Act, passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the.

Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to provide for the Security and Expedition of the Conveyance f of Letters by the Post in Ireland; and by a certain other Act, .

passed in the Fifty-third Year of the Reign of His Majesty ' King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend an Act made (in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act

" to amend the Laws for improving and keeping in repair the Post " Roads in Ireland, and for rendering the Conveyance of Letters by

" His Majesty's Post Office more secure and expeditious " Provision.

was made for the Repair and Improvement of the several Lines. ' of Post Roads throughout Ireland, and, amongst other things*.

His Majesty's Postmaster General for Ireland was authorized; and required to cause certain Surveys, Estimates, and Maps of K such Lines of Road, and all advantageous Improvements of the.

same, by cutting off Angles or forming new Lines, and widening *, ' to. any Breadth not less than Forty-two Feet nor more than

Fifty Feet, such Parts of any Road as might require widening :>

And whereas by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign<

of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling His Majesty

to appoint a Postmaster General for: the United Kingdom of Great.

Britain

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 86.

509

Britain and Ireland, it was amongst other things enacted, that it should be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, 4 to appoint any One Person to be Postmaster General for the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, by the Name and Style of His Majesty's Postmaster General; and all the Powers, Authorities, Immunities, Rights, and Privileges theretofore belonging or appertaining to the Postmaster General for Ireland were by the said last-recited Act, together with other Powers and Authorities, transferred to and vested in the Person so to be appointed Postmaster General for the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and other His Majesty's Dominions: And whereas all the Powers, Duties, and Authorities by the before-recited Acts of the Forty-fifth, Forty-sixth, and Fifty-third Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, in respect of the procuring Surveys, Maps, Plans, and Estimates of Post Roads in Ireland, and all Improvements of the same to be made, were transferred to and vested in the Commissioners for the Execution of an Act passed in the last 4 'Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for the Extension and Promotion of Public Works in Ireland: And whereas it is deemed expedient to extend the Provisions of the said Acts of the Fortyfifth, Forty-sixth, and Fifty-third Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third to Roads of a Breadth not less than Thirty-two Feet be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and singular the Powers, Authorities, Immunities, Rights, and Privileges vested in the Postmaster General, or in the said Commissioners for the Execution of the said Act for Public Works in Ireland, as to the surveying, making, forming, gravelling, fencing, widening, and repairing of Roads in Ireland of a Width not less than Forty-two or more than Fifty Feet, shall extend to Roads of a Width not less than Thirty-two Feet nor more Fifty Feet; and all Surveys, Maps, Plans, and Estimates made or to be made of such last-mentioned Roads shall be deemed and taken to be of like Efficacy and Authority in all respects, and dealt with and acted upon in like Manner, as Surveys, Maps, Plans, and Estimates made of any Road in Ireland of a Width not less than Forty-two Feet or more than Fifty Feet; and all and singular other the Powers and Provisions contained in the said recited Acts or any of them, relating to Roads of the Width of Forty-two Feet, shall extend and the same are hereby extended to Roads made or to be made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually as if such Powers and Provisions were repeated and re-enacted in this Act* so far as such Powers and Provisions are applicable to and are not repealed or altered by this Act.

H. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case His Majesty's Mail shall be carried between any Two Places, in a Mail Carriage drawn by One or Two Horses, it shall and may be lawful to make any Road under the Provisions of the said recited Acts of a Width not less than Twenty-four Feet nor more than Fifty Feet; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

1 & 2 W.4. c. 33.

Powers of recited Acts extended to Roads of a certain Width.

Width of Road where Mail drawn by One or Two Horses.

C. 87.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

6 Ann. (I.)

9 G. 4. c. 57.

Recited Act 9 G. 4. c. 57. repealed; and certain Treasury Minutes rescinded.

Appointments not to be va-

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act to regulate the Office for registering Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills in Ireland.

[4th August 1832.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland in ' V the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the public registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills that shall be made of any Honors, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, a Public Register Office was established in the City of Dublin; and by other Acts of Parliament made

in Ireland, and by certain Acts of Parliament of the United Kingdom, various Provisions have from Time to Time been made ' in respect of such Register Office, and particularly by an Act ' of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to provide for the Regulation of the Public Office for registering Memorials of Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills in Ireland: And whereas Lord Viscount Kiltoarden, who at the Time of passing the said last-mentioned Act was by Patent Registrar of the said Office, has since died, and there-

upon George Moore Esquire, One of His Majesty's Counsel in

Ireland, who had for many Years been Deputy Registrar, was,

by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, under the Authority of the said last-mentioned Act, on or about the Twenty-seventh Day of July in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty, appointed Registrar of the said Office, and he now is Registrar of the same; and certain other Appointments in the said Office were then also made: And whereas ' Doubts have arisen as to the Construction of certain of the ' Provisions made by the said Acts in respect to the said Register c Office; and some of the Provisions of the said Act of the Ninth ' Year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth have been found inconvenient, and others to occasion an unreasonable Expence to Parties resorting for Information to the said Register Office, and the remaining Provisions to require Alterations and Amendments to be made therein: For Remedy whereof it is requisite that the said last-mentioned Act should be repealed,

but without invalidating the aforesaid Appointments; and also

that other Provisions should be made for the future Regulation of the said Register Office Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth shall be, from the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, and the same is hereby from that Day repealed; and also that Three several Treasury Minutes founded upon the said Act, and dated respectively, Two of them the Twenty-seventh Day of July, and the other the Seventeenth Day of December, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty, and which Minutes were all of them laid before Parliament on the Twenty-third Day of the said Month of December, be rescinded: Provided always, that no Appointment made or Security given under

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 87.

511

the said Act shall by such Repeal be vacated or rendered invalid, but every such Appointment and Security shall be and continue a good and valid Appointment and Security, subject however to the Provisions of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Establishment of the said Register Office shall consist of a Registrar, Two Assistant Registrars, a First Clerk, and Two other Clerks, as named, and with the yearly Salaries mentioned in the Schedule marked (A.) to this Act annexed, and of such a Number of additional Clerks and other Persons as the Service of the Office shall require; and that hereafter upon the happening of any Vacancy such Registrar and Assistant Registrars ', and also the said First Clerk and Two other Clerks, shall be appointed by the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them; and that the said Registrar and Assistant Registrars shall, previously to their entering upon the Duties of their respective Offices, each enter into a Recognizance in the Manner prescribed by the said Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne jointly with One or Two Sureties; and such Recognizance in respect of every future Registrar shall be in the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, conditioned for the true and faithful Execution of the Duties of his Office, and with regard to each of the Assistant Registrars in Two thousand Pounds, with a like Condition, and with a further Condition to indemnify the Registrar against any Loss to be sustained by him through the Default or Negligence of such Assistant Registrars in the Execution of their Duties, or of the Orders or Directions given by the Registrar to them respectively; and such Recognizance in Ten thousand Pounds shall, at and from the next Vacancy, be in place and instead of the Recognizance theretofore required of the Registrar.

III. And whereas it is right that the Directions of the said ' Register Office should be confided to the Registrar; be it therefore enacted, That the Direction, Management, and Superintendence of all Departments in the Office shall devolve as his Duty upon the said Registrar: Provided always, that in order to facilitate the Business of the said Register Office, but nevertheless without in anywise diminishing the Responsibility of the Registrar for any Act to be done as next herein-after mentioned, that the Assistant Registrars respectively be and each Assistant Registrar is hereby empowered, for and on behalf of the Registrar, to take Affidavits, sign official Documents, and do all official Acts necessary in the Execution of the Duties of the Office; which Power shall continue after a Vacancy shall happen in the Office of Registrar, until the said Office shall be again filled up, in as full and ample a Manner as if no Vacancy had occurred; and that the said Registrar shall, at his Pleasure, remove any or either of the Three Clerks or other Clerks or Persons employed on the Establishment, and also that he shall retain and employ such a Number of additional Clerks and other Persons as from Time to Time may be necessary for the due and punctual Discharge of the Duties of the said Office, and pay them weekly according to the Work done by them respectively, and also make to any of such supernumerary Clerks and other Persons such further occasional or temporary

Allow-

cated by the Repeal of that Act.

Register Office to consist of certain Officers.

Filling up Vacancies in the said Office.

Registrar to have the Direction of the Office.

Assistant Registrars to take Affidavits and signDocuments.

C. 87.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Account to be kept of Monies received for Fees.

No Fees to be taken but what are specified in Schedule (B.) to be paid.

Allowances in Money as the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, by any Treasury Minute made in respect of a particular Case, or for the Purpose of constituting a general Scale of Allowance applicable to all Cases that may occur in the said Register Office, shall in that Behalf from Time to Time order or direct; and the said Assistant Registrars, and all the Clerks and other Persons employed, shall obey the Orders and Directions of the Registrar, as well with respect to Attendance as to the Duties which they respectively may be required to perform; and the Registrar and all Persons ^employed in the said Register Office shall perform the Duties of their respective Offices in Person; and the Assistant Registrars and Clerks shall not be absent from the said Office without Permission of the Registrar.

IV. And be it enacted, That Accounts shall be kept of all Sums of Money received and paid in the said Office; and that from and after the Thirty-first Day of December next ensuing the passing of this Act there shall be kept in the said Registry Office a Book or Books wherein all Fees and Sums of Money whatsoever which shall be received in the said Office shall from Time to Time be truly entered as and when the same shall be received, which Book or Books shall be produced by the Registrar, or by some Person on the Establishment of the Office, whenever the same shall be required by any Person interested in demanding such Production, or by any Order of any of His Majesty's Courts, or any Judge of either of such Courts, or of the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury; and the Entries therein, or any particular Entry, shall, if required by any such Order, be verified upon Oath; and also that the said Registrar shall keep a regular Account of all Sums of Money disbursed in Payment of the Salaries by this Act authorized to be paid, and of all other the necessary Expences and Payments whatsoever incident to the Execution of the said Office; which Accounts shall be made up every Three Calendar Months, and be signed by the said Registrar and by One or both of the Assistant Registrars; and moreover the said Registrar shall, within Thirty Days next after the Expiration of every Quarter of a Year, render true Copies of such Accounts to the Vice Treasurer of Ireland, and shall at the same Time pay into the Bank of Ireland, to the Credit of the Consolidated Fund, the Balance upon or Difference between such Accounts then remaining in the Hands of the said Registrar, subject however to the Direction, in respect of the Application of such Balance or Surplus, herein-after contained.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two there shall be paid and payable in the said Office the several Fees only which are specified in the Schedule marked (B.) to this Act annexed, and no other Fee or Fees whatsoever; and if any Person on the Establishment of the said Office, or employed in the said Office, shall demand or receive, or cause to be demanded or received, any greater or other Fees, and the same shall be proved against him, he shall forthwith be discharged

from

A.D. 1832.

3° & 3 GULIELMI IV,

C. 87.

513

from $ns Place or Employment in the said Office: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Registrar of the said Office to require in all Cases where he shall think it proper so to do, that the said Fees, or a reasonable Sum on account thereof, shall he paid or deposited in advance, together with the Amount of the Stamps, when Stamps shall be required to be used,

VI. And be it further enacted, That after the said Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two the said Register Office shall be kept open for Business from the Hour of Ten in the Forenoon until the Hour of Four in the Afternoon of every Day in the Year, excepting only Su?idayst Christmas Day, and Good Friday, and Days of Public Fast or Thanksgiving.

VII. And be it further enacted, That after the Thirty-first Day of December, during the said Hours for Business, all Persons interested in making Searches in the said Register Office shall have full Liberty to search and examine the Index, Abstract, and Transcript Books thereof, and to take Abstracts or other short Notes of any of the Matters in such Books, and also to inspect, in the Presence of some Person belonging to the said Office, any original Memorial to which Reference shall be obtained in such Searches, upon every such Person paying daily the Fee for searching in the said Office, and also, where such Inspection shall be had, the inspecting Fee by this Act appointed, and no more.

VIII. And whereas heretofore a Description of Search was made in the said Register Office called a Head Clerk's or

Common Search, and it is desirable that this Form of searching

should be revived be it therefore enacted, That from and after the said Thirty-first Day of December, upon a Request in Writing by any Person desirous of the same being left in the said Register Office* a Head Clerk's or Common Search shall be made, and a Copy of tho Abstract of every Memorial found to come within the Terms of the said Request shall be transcribed upon Paper, and shall be signed by One of the Clerks upon the Establishment of the said Office with his Name, and also by One of the Assistant Registrars with the Initial Letters of his Name, and with all convenient Expedition the same shall be delivered to the Party making the Request: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Person making such Request to except thereout any and every Instrument of which he shall specify the Date, Description of Instrument, and Parties Names, in a List at the Foot of such Request,

IX. And whereas it is desirable that some Change should be

made in the Method required by Law for keeping the Indexes of Parties Names and Lands in the said Office be it therefore enacted, That the Form and Manner of keeping such Indexes now in use shall be continued to be followed, up to and including the said Thirty-first Day of December and no longer, to which Time the Entries and Registry of all Memorials then already brought into the Office shall be completed as soon after that Day as may be; and all Books theretofore at any Time used or kept in the said Registry Office, containing Transcripts of Memorials, Abstracts of the Contents of Memorials, or Indexes to Memorials registered

2 & 3 Gul. IV. L1 in

Hours of Business in the said Office.

All Persons may search Books and Indexes, and take Notes thereof, upon paying daily Fee.

Head Clerk's or Common Search revived.

Present Form of keeping Indexes to cease on, the 31st of December 1832.

514

Numbering

Memorials.

Manner of keeping the Day Book, and numbering and iiling Memorials.

Manner of keeping the Abstract Book.

C. 87. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 183&.

in the said Office, shall be public Property, and be preserved in the said Office, and not be removed therefrom.

X. And whereas it is desirable that a different System of making and keeping Indexes to the Memorials should henceforth be adopted and followed, and in order thereto, that instead of continuing to number the Memorials in One continued Series from the establishing of the said Register Office, a different Mode should be introduced be it therefore enacted, That from and after the said Thirty-first Day of December all the Memorials that shall be registered in the said Office shall be numbered in different Series of not more than Three hundred Memorials in any One Series.

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Thirty-first Day of December there shall be kept in the said Office a Book to be called the Day Book," in which Book the first Entry of every Memorial received into the said Office shall be made, and in the same Order in which the Memorial shall be received in the Office; and such Entries shall be in the Form or to the Effect of the Model of such a Book set forth in the Schedule marked (C.) to this Act annexed; and the Number of every such first Entry shall be the Number of the Memorial, and such Number shall also forthwith be marked upon the Memorial itself, and shall ever after, in association with the Year and the Volume in which the Memorial shall be transcribed, remain the Number of that Memorial; and moreover, that as soon as Three hundred Memorials shall have been received, that Number of Memorials shall form the First Series of Memorials of the current Year, and shall be made up into One File, on which File there shall be indorsed in very legible Characters the Year in which the Memorials therein contained were received, and also the Number of the Volume in which the Transcripts of the same Memorials shall be entered; and the Files of all the Memorials received in each Year shall be deposited and kept in a separate Press or Shelf, on which Press or Shelf the Year shall be distinctly marked; and further, that so soon as one Series of Three hundred Memorials shall have been received, another Series, to consist of a like Number, and to be numbered in like Manner from One to Three hundred, shall be begun, and so on in all Time to come* except the last Series of each Year, which shall terminate with whatever Number the last Memorial received on the last Office Day in the Year may bear, and the first Memorial received in every new Year shall be marked and entered as Number One of the First Series of Memorials which shall be received in that Year.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Thirty-first Day of December, progressively as the said Memorials shall be received in the said Office, there shall be made and entered into a Parchment Book, to be called the Abstract Book," an Abstract or short Statement of the Effect of the Instrument set forth in every such Memorial, which Abstract shall contain the Year and Day of registering, the Volume and Number of the Memorial, the Name of the Instrument, the Date of the Instrument as given in the Memorial, the Names and Descriptions of all the Grantors and of One or more of the Grantees,

the

A.D. 1832. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 87.

515

the Consideration, the Term, the Rent, the Renewal Fines, the Name and Description of the Premises, and the County and Barony and Parish wherein the Premises are situated, the Nature of the Instrument, that is to say, whether a Trust, Marriage Settlement, Mortgage, or absolute or other Conveyance, or such and so many of the foregoing Particulars as are contained in the Memorial of such Instrument; and the Abstract shall be entered in the Abstract Book in the Form or to the Effect of the Model contained in the Schedule distinguished by the Letter (D.) to this Act annexed; and the said Abstracts shall be entered in the said Abstract Book in the same Order that the first Entries of the Memorials to which they relate were made in the Day Book, and each Abstract shall have prefixed to it the very same Number as the Memorial, and as the Day Book Entry of the Registration of the Memorial, of which it is an Abstract, shall have had put upon them; and the Abstract Books of each Year shall be kept separate, and such Books shall be divided into Parts to correspond with the Files and Volumes of Transcripts of such Year; and there shall be One at least Duplicate Copy of such Abstract Book made, wherein the Entries shall be continually kept up.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as the said Every Memo-Abstracts shall have been made the Memorials shall forthwith n., to, be

sen bed and the

be faithfully and legibly transcribed upon Parchment in the same Day Hour

Order in which the Memorials shall have been numbered in the of Registry

Day Book; and in the Margin of every Transcript there shall be inserted in the

inserted a Memorandum of the Hour and Day on which the Margin.

Memorial of which it is a Copy was registered, and also the

Number of the Memorial; and the Transcripts of every Three

hundred Memorials shall be bound together and form One Volume,

with the Exception of any Number less than Three hundred at

the End of the Year, which shall make the last Volume of that

Year; and on every Volume of Transcripts there shall be indorsed

the Year in which the Memorials transcribed into it were received,

and also the proper Number of that Volume in the Series of

Volumes of Transcripts in that Year; and further, that every Every Memo-

Memorial received to be registered in the said Office shall be rial to be tran-

fully and completely transcribed as aforesaid within the Space of ?*n!)e^)Tlthin

Sixty Days next after the Day on which the same shall be so lxy ys '

received.

XIV. And whereas it is expedient that more adequate Pro- Alphabetical

vision than has heretofore been made by Law should be made Indexes of the ' for the Preparation and Reduction of well-compiled and sufficient

Alphabetical Indexes of the Persons and Lands affected by by the Memo-

the Memorials registered thereinfor Remedy whereof be it rials to be made, further enacted, That previously to the said Thirty-first Day of December there shall be provided in the said Register Office a

Series of Parchment Books of sufficient Size, which Series of Books shall be called the " Index of Names," and One Book of the Series shall be appropriated to the Letter (A.) , another Book to the Letter (B.) , and so on through the Alphabet; provided that any One such Book may have a Second or even a Third unfrequently used Letter assigned to it, at the Discretion of the Registrar; and upon the Pages of every Book in such Series

LI 2

there

C. 87.

2 & 3° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1832.

516

there shall, before the Year iir which it is to be used begins, be distributed an Alphabet with the Letters of a Second Alphabet to each Letter, in the following Manner; (that is to say,) the Letters A a at the Head of a Page at the Beginning of the Book, A b at the Head of a Page next to or not more than a few Pages subsequent to the Page in which the Two former Letters were inserted, and so on throughout a whole Alphabet preceded by the Letter (A.); then B a, and to the End of a Second Alphabet; then C a, and following the like Course until every Letter of the Alphabet, thus repeated with a consecutive Letter of a Second Alphabet, shall have been inserted, each as the Head of a separate Page of the Book; provided that any One or more of such Combinations of Letters, of which no Example of a Name beginning with such Letters had occurred in the said Register Office, may, at the Discretion of the Registrar, be omitted; into which Book there shall be entered, by and under the Two first Letters of the Name, the Surname, and, if ennobled, the Title of Honour, of the Grantor in every Memorial registered in the Office; and to the said Surname of the Grantor there shall be subjoined the Christian Name of such Grantor, and also the Surname and the Christian Name of the Grantee, followed, where there shall be more than One Grantee, by the Words u and another," or the Words M and others, as the Case may be, and also the first Denomination of the Lands, and the Names of the County and Barony, or of the City or Town being a County of itself, and Parish, wherein the Lands affected by the Instrument of which the Memorial is registered is situated, and the Year of Registration, the respective Numbers of the Abstract and Transcript Books in which the Memorial shall have been entered, and the Number and File of the Memorial; and where there shall be more than One Grantor there shall be subjoined to the Name of the First Grantor the Words " and another," or, as the Case may be, the Words " and others and the Name of the Second Grantor shall form a Second Head of Entry in the said Index, and be followed by like Words; and such last-mentioned Entry shall be accompanied with the like Particulars as last aforesaid; and where there shall be a Third Grantor or any greater Number of Grantors, then in either of the said Cases there shall also be a further like Entry under the Name of such Third and every other Grantor; and all such Entries shall be made and completed before the Time of opening the Office for Business on the Morning next but Two after the Day on which such Memorial shall have been delivered into the Office for The aforesaid Registry; and the Series of Books last aforesaid shall be continued Series of Boolu Three Years, and the Entries in that Series shall then be closed, forTkr^Yew^ an<* a new er'es ln a new Set P°0^8 shall be begun; and this imd thexTa new* Second Series of Books shall be continued Four Years, and the Series to be be- Entries in that Series shall then be closed, and a new Series in grnv and after- a new Set of Books shall be begun in like Manner; (that is to wards to be say,) the First or Triennial Series of current Indexes shall con-qumquennial; tinue to the End of the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five; and the Second or Quadrennial Series shall commence with the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, and shall end with the

Thirty-

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 87.

SIT

Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-nine; and the next or Quinquennial Series shall begin with the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and forty, and shall continue to the £nd of the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and forty-four; and so in like Manner shall each subsequent Series contain Five Years and no more.

XV. And be it further enacted, That as soon as the Second *nd 40J* Series of such Indexes shall be closed the First and Second of such Indexes shall forthwith be consolidated into One Index, in ^DupUcSw? alphabetical Order, under One Alphabet, and also One or more Duplicates of such Index shall be forthwith made; and as soon as a Fourth Series shall be closed, the Third and Fourth Series shall be consolidated into One Decennial Index, and One or more Duplicates be made thereof; and in like Manner in all Time to come every Two Quinquennial current Indexes shall be reduced into a Decennial Index, with One or more Duplicates thereof.

XVI. And whereas it is material that no Delay or Impediment Duplicate Copy

whatsoever that can be avoided should be suffered by Persons °£the

desirous of consulting the aforesaid Index, and at the same m^fo^usein

Time it is very necessary that the Clerks and other Persons Office.

employed in the said Office should have Time and fair Oppor *

tunity to write up such Index, both of which Objects may in 4 a far greater Degree be obtained by having a Duplicate Copy

of such Index madebe it therefore further enacted, That from the said Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two there shall be in all respects One at the least complete Duplicate Copy of the said Index of Names made in the said Office, the Entries wherein shall be continually kept up, and be in all respects the same as the Entries in the said original Index.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That previously to the said Index of Land* Thirty-first Day of December there shall be provided in the said be provided. Office another Series of sufficiently large Parchment Books, to

he called the " Index of Landsand One Book of such Series shall be appropriated to each County, and One to each City being a County of itself, and One Book to every such Number of Towns, being Counties of themselves, as heretofore it has been customary to index together, and One Book to every such Number of other Towns as heretofore it has been customary to index apart from the Counties in which they are situated; and every Book appropriated to a County shall be divided into Baronies, and every Book appropriated to a City, being a County of itself, or to a Number of Towns, shall be divided into Parishes or Streets; and each such Book for Counties shall contain separate Divisions under the Heads of Baronies, and for Cities or Towns under the Heads of Parishes or Streets, arranged alphabetically, with alphabetical Subdivisions for Denomination of Lands; into which Books there shall be entered, by the Initial Letter of each Name, the Names of all Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments specified in every Memorial registered in the Office, and to the Name of the Land, Tenement, or Hereditament there shall be subjoined the Name of the Parish or the Place respectively in which the same shall be described to be situated, and also the

518

C. 87.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1832.

The current Indexes to be in Periods of Five Years;

and to be consolidated decennially.

Duplicate Copies of the Index of Lands to be prepared.

No Books containing Entries of Mortgages to be kept.

6 Anne, c. 2.(I.)

8G.Lc. 15. (I.)

Year of Registry, and the Page of the Day Book, and the Number and Volume respectively of the Abstract and Transcript Books, and the Number and File of the Memorial relating thereto; and all such Entries also shall be made and completed before the Time of opening the Office for Business on the Morning of the Seventh Day after the Day on which such Memorial shall have been delivered into the Office for Registration; and further, that such last-mentioned Series of Books shall, concomitantly with the Index of Names herein-before mentioned, be continued Three Years, and the Entries in that Series shall then be closed, and a new Series in a new Set of Books shall be begun; and the Series of Books last aforesaid shall terminate at the End of the Fourth Year, and thereupon in like Manner a new Series, in a new Set of such Books, shall be begun and be continued during a Period of live Years; and a similar Arrangement shall be made at the End of every subsequent Period of Five Years; and at the End of Seven Years there shall be made a consolidated Index of the Two first Periods; and subsequently, at the End of every second Period of Five Years, a Decennial-like Consolidation of such Indexes of Lands, and for the same Times as is hereinbefore provided for the Indexes of Names, shall be made; and opposite to every such Entry of Lands there shall also be entered the Surname and Christian Name of the Grantor, and also the Surname and Christian Name of the Grantee; but where there shall be more than One Grantor the Name of the first Grantor only shall be so entered, with the Word " another," or " others," and where more than One Grantee in like Manner the Name of the first Grantee only, with the Word " other," or " othersProvided always, that whenever and so often as it shall happen to be impracticable to make and complete all said Entries within the Time aforesaid, the Registrar shall cause a public Notice to be posted in some conspicuous Part of said Office to be assigned for the Purpose' of such Notices by the Registrar, stating to what Day such Entries are then made and completed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That at the least One Duplicate Copy of the said Index of Lands shall be prepared, and used in like Manner, as nearly as may be, as the Duplicate Copy of the Index of Names herein-before mentioned.

XIX. And be it also enacted, That no Book whatsoever, other than the common Books of the Office containing Entries or Abstracts of registered Mortgages or Annuity Deeds, shall be kept in the said Register Office, for the private Use or Benefit or Inspection of any Bankers, Merchants, or other Persons.

XX. And whereas by the 'Tenth Section of the aforesaid ' Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen ' Anne Provision was made that the Registrar or his Deputy ' should, as often as required, make Searches concerning all ' Memorials registered in the said Office, and give Certificates ' concerning the same; and a Doubt having arisen whether ' thereunder the Registrar was obliged to give Negative Certificates in Cases where the Result of the Search was that no

Memorial was found to have been registered, it was by the

Second Section of an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland

in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the

13 ' First

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 87.

51d

First enacted, that upon a Requisition called a Note being left

with the Registrar or his Deputy in the Form and Manner therein mentioned the said Registrar should give Negative Certificates; which Act was in part repealed, and another Form of Note substituted, by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty-fifth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third: And whereas a further Doubt has arisen, whether the Person requiring such a Certificate may in the said Note exclude by Name from the Search thereby required to be made any Instrument of which he is already aware, or any Instrument in respect of which he is in want of no further Information,

and at the same Time retain a Right to the Remedy against the Registrar and his Deputy provided by that Act, and it is right that such last-mentioned Doubt should likewise be

removed; be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said Recited Act Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of His Majesty King George the 25G.S. (I.) in Third as relates to the Form of a Requisition for a Search and P31* rePCaled-Negative Certificate, and to the filing of the Certificate, and to the Form of such Search, and the witnessing the same, be and the same is hereby repealed.

XXI. And be it also enacted, That from and after the said Requisition for Thirty-first Day of December every Person who shall require such Search and Search and Certificate to be made as aforesaid shall deliver unto Certificate-or leave with the Registrar or One of the ^Assistant Registrars of the said Office a Note or Requisition, fairly written on Parchment, in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

4 T desire to have an Abstract of every Memorial registered in Form of Requithe Office for registering Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills in "lion *

4 Ireland, of the Acts of \]iere insert the Name of the Person] affecting [here insert the Denomination of the Manors, Lands, Tenements,

or Hereditaments] in the County of on and from the

4 Day of up to the Time of making

4 Certificate upon this Requisition: Except of the Memorial of Exception.

the following Instrument [here insert the Name and Date of the Instrument, and the Name of the Party or TestatorJ. Dated at the Day of

4 One thousand eight hundred and

4 (Signed) A.B, [the Person making the Requisition.]* Persons making

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Requisitions Person making such Requisition may limit or extend the Search TeimYof th* and Certificate to One or several Names of Persons, and to a ^mc. general Period only, or to any particular Period in respect of each Name, and to One or several Denominations of Land, and for a general Period, or for separate Periods in respect of each Denomination, or to both a Name or Names and a Denomination or Denominations, as he or she shall think fit, and may also vary the Terms of such Requisition and Exception, or either of them, to suit any Number and Variety of Instruments, Dates, Parties Names, Denominations of Land, Counties, Baronies, and Parishes, and in place of requiring an Abstract of every registered Memorial may require a full Copy of a particular Memorial, or of any Number of particular Memorials, or of every Memorial within any Period or Periods, and only an Abstract of every other Memorial coming within the Terms of such Requisition, and,

520

C. 87.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 183 2

Requisitions to be filed in the Order received.

Form of Negative Certificate.

Certificate also to be varied.

Form of Memorial.

Certificate shall be Evidence against the Registrar.

Vendor to furnish only a Negative Search, with an Abstract of every Memorial not excepted.

further, may make and lodge such Requisition by any Attorney or Solicitor of One of the superior Courts in Ireland, but in that Case such Attorney or Solicitor shall sign the Requisition with his own Name, as Attorney for such Person.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Registrar or Assistant Registrar shall, upon the Delivery of such Requisition, file the same in the Order in which it shall be received, and shall with all Diligence give to the Person making such Requisition a Certificate in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

AFTER diligent Search made in the Office for registering ' Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills in Ireland, upon a Requisition of which the following is a Copy [here insert the whale i Requisition and Exception], I certify. That there is not any 6 Memorial registered in the said Office which comes within the ' Terms of the said Requisition whereof an Abstract is not in ' this Certificate truly set forth. Dated the Day of One thousand eight hundred and

fi (Signed) G. H. Registrar.

i [or, IK. Assistant Registrar.] *

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in every Case wherein the Requisition aforesaid shall, under the Provision last herein-before contained, be varied, that the said Certificate also shall be varied to meet the Terms of the Requisition.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Abstract of each Memorial inscribed in such Certificate shall be in or to the Effect of the Form of Abstract given in the Schedule marked (C.) to this Act annexed, and shall set forth, as far as may be done from the Memorial, the Particulars mentioned in that Form.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That such Certificate shall, according to the Contents thereof, be Evidence against the Registrar and the Assistant Registrar signing the same, as well of the Extent and Nature of the Requisition as of the Execution of the Search; and the Registrar, whether he shall personally have signed such Certificate or not, and also the Assistant Registrar who may have signed such Certificate, shall each of them be liable in Damages and full Costs to the Party aggrieved or injured by any Fraud, Collusion, or Neglect in making such Search and Certificate.

XXVII. And be it also enacted, That where any Purchaser or Party acquiring an Interest in any Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be entitled to require of a Vendor, or Party parting with such Interest, a Negative Search, the latter shall only be obliged to provide and furnish to the former a Negative Certificate of Search, with an Abstract in or to the Effect of the Form given in the Schedule marked (C.) hereunto annexed, or as near thereunto as may be, of every Memorial registered in the said Office within the Period comprised in such Search: Provided always, that in every such Case the Requisition for such Search shall contain no Exception, unless the Purchaser or Party acquiring such Interest, or his, her, or their Attorney, shall have agreed in Writing that an Exception of a particular Memorial or Memorials shall be made in such Requisition.

A

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV.

521

<3.87.

XXVIII. And whereas it is expedient that a summary Mode

of hearing any Complaint against any Person in the said Regis-

ter Office should be provided; be it therefore enacted, That upon any Complaint made on Oath, before any of His Majesty's superior Courts of Law or Equity in Dublin, of any Neglect, Default, or Misconduct of the Registrar or any Assistant Registrar, or Clerk employed in the said Register Office, it shall be lawful for such Court, or any of the Judges or a Judge thereof, and the said Court, Judges or Judge, are hereby required in open Court to hear and determine such Complaint in a summary Manner; and the said Court, Judges or Judge, if they or he shall think proper, may examine upon Oath the Party complaining and the Party complained against, and dismiss the Complaint, with reasonable Costs, if the Complaint shall appear frivolous or vexatious, or award Compensation to the Complainant, or impose a pecuniary Penalty or Fine upon the Party complained against to any Amount not exceeding the Sum of One hundred Pounds, or adjudge the Party complained of to be amoved from his Place in the said Office, as the Case may require, and shall forthwith cause a Copy of the Judgment pronounced upon such Complaint to be laid before the Lord Lieutenant Or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to order the Person upon the Complaint against whom such Judgment was given to pay such Penalty, Fine, or Compensation, or to be removed from his Office or Employment in the said Register Office, or to order the said Registrar, out of any Salary that may be due or that shall accrue to the Person against whom such Judgment shall have been given, to pay and discharge such Penalty, Fine, or Compensation aforesaid; and where such Penalty or Fine shall be imposed, the Amount of such Penalty shall be paid into the said Register Office, and shall be applied as if the same had accrued from Fees paid in the said Office; and in case of Nonpayment of the Damages aforesaid, the Person to whom such Compensation shall be ordered to be paid may sue for the same in an Action of Debt in any Court of Record in the City of Dublin.

XXIX. And whereas great Difficulties have occasionally been experienced in the said Register Office from a Want of a sufficiently full Description being inserted in the Memorial of the

Place in which the Lands are situated, and it is fitting that in

future Memorials such Omissions should not be left unsup-

plied; be it therefore enacted, That from the said Thirty-first Day of December, in every Memorial of any Deed or Instrument dated after the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirtywo, brought into the said Office to be registered, there shall be specified the County and Barony, or the Town or County of a City, and Parish, or the Town and Parish, in which the Lands and every of them to be affected by registering such Memorial are by such Deed or Instrument stated to be situated; and where the Lands lie in Two or more Counties, or Baronies or Parishes or Streets, or partly in One Barony, Parish, or Street, and partly in another, the same shall be distinctly

14 stated

Summary Mode of hearing Complaints against Officers.

Memorial to state where the Lands affected thereby are situate.

522. C. 87. 2° & 3° GULIELMI 1, V. A.D. 1832.

In case the Barony or Parish should be omitted.

Number of Folios to be indorsed on each Memorial.

Office Copies of Memorials to be received in Evidence.

stated in the Memorial from the Deed; and further, that where the Instrument to which the Memorial relates shall contain a Plan of the Lands or of any Part thereof, there may, if it be the Pleasure of the Party requiring the Registration of the Memorial, be inserted in or be annexed on Parchment to the Memorial; of such Instrument to be registered a Copy of such Plan; and moreover, that every Memorial brought into the said Office to be registered shall be there compared with the Instrument of which it purports to be a Memorial, and if the several Particulars required by Law to be in the Memorial shall be contained therein, or such of the Particulars by this Act required to be set forth in the Abstract Book herein-before mentioned as shall be contained therein shall be found to be truly stated from the Instrument, then the Memorial shall be registered, but not otherwise.

XXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where a Memorial shall be required to be registered of any Instrument whatsoever, other than a Will, which Instrument shall bear Date on or before the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, or a Memorial of any Will of any Date whatsoever, in which Instrument or 'Will the Barony or Parish in which the Land is situated is not mentioned, then and in that Case, upon the Fact being stated and verified in the Affidavit of the Execution of such Memorial, in what Barony or Parish any Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments comprised in such Instrument or Will, but of which the Barony or Parish has been omitted to be mentioned, are situated, such Memorial shall in like Manner be registered, and all the like Entries shall be made in the said Register Office, from such Affidavit, in respect of the omitted Barony or Parish, as if such Barony or Parish had been stated in the Instrument or Will and in the Memorial thereof.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That upon every Memorial brought into the said Office to be registered there shall be indorsed the Number of Grantors, the Number of Denominations of Land, and also the Number of Folios, each of Seventy-two Words, contained in such Memorial, which Indorsement shall be signed by th# Person bringing such Memorial to be registered; and if such Indorsement shall be untrue, the Person subscribing the same shall forfeit Five Pounds, to be recovered, by Civil Bill, by any Officer in the said Registry Office who will sue for the same.

XXXII. And whereas it is convenient that Office Copies of the Memorials registered in the said Register Office should ' under certain Limitations be received in Evidence; be it therefore enacted, That in all Proceedings before any Court of Justice for all Purposes whatsoever, an Office Copy of any Memorial registered in the said Office shall, upon such Office Copy being proved in like Manner as an Office Copy of any other Record, be received and taken as Evidence of the Contents of the Memorial of which it purports to be an Office Copy, without the Production of the original Memorial: Provided always, that the Party producing such Office Copy shall, if out of Dublin Ten Days, and if in Dublin Eight Days before producing the same, give Notice in Writing to the adverse Party thereof; and provided also, that

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 87.

52a

such adverse Party shall not within Four Days after receiving such Notice demand by a counter Notice that the original Memorial shall be produced; and in every Case in which such counter Notice shall be given, the Costs of producing the original Memorial shall be paid by either Party, as the Court in which the Proceeding shall take place, or the Taxing Officer of such Court, may determine.

XXXIII. And whereas the Indexes or Calendars of the said

Register Office in former Years are many of them in a dilapidated State, and some of the Indexes have been compiled upon an

ineligible Plan; and, for the Benefit of all Persons requiring to make Searches in the said Office in the Years hitherto elapsed, it is very desirable that better and more complete Indexes and that Abstract Books should be prepared of all Memorials registered in the said Office, and to be registered therein, up to and including the said Thirty-first Day of December One tliou- sand eight hundred and thirty-two be it therefore enacted, That like Indexes, and also Abstract Books, as and when the Funds of the Office will permit the same Abstract Books also in respect of such last-mentioned Memorials as by this Act are required with regard to all Memorials to be registered after the said Thirty-first Day of December, shall, as far as the same may be practicable, be constructed, and the same shall be arranged in such Periods as to the Registrar shall seem most convenient and eligible, and in such Manner that when the same shall be completed the whole shall, with the Abstract Books and Indexes of Memorials registered after the said Thirty-first Day of December, form entire and consecutive Sets of Abstracts and Indexes to all Memorials in the said Office, having each Set respectively constructed throughout upon the same Plan.

XXXIV. And for the more expeditiously forming of such Abstracts and Indexes of all Memorials which are and shall be registered in the said Office up to and including the said Thirty-first Day of December, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, from Time to Time to order or direct an Appropriation of the Whole or any Part or Parts of all the surplus Receipt of the said Register Office which at the Time of passing this Act shall have been paid into the Bank of Ireland to the Credit of the Consolidated Fund, which shall be necessary for defraying the Expences of compiling, transcribing on Parchment, and completing such Abstracts and Indexes as last aforesaid; and moreover, that the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury aforesaid, shall also be at liberty to order and direct the Appropriation, out of the Balances on the Accounts of the said Registrar in respect of the said Register Office, and before such Balances shall be paid over as herein-before directed, of such further Sum and Sums of Money as may appear to him or them to be requisite for effecting the aforesaid Purpose.

XXXV. And whereas it is of Importance to the Public that the Business of the said Register Office should be carried on with all possible Order, Punctuality, and Dispatch, and also

Indexes to be prepared.

Commissioners of the Treasury may advance Money for defraying the Expence of making Indexes.

Register Office to be placed under the Controul of the

C. 8T.

2° & 3 GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Commissioners of the Treasury.

Registrar not to sit in Parliament.

that no greater Fees should be charged in the said Office than will amount annually to a Sum of Money sufficient to discharge

the current Expences of the Establishment, when efficiently appointed, and to leave a certain Excess to be applied to the particular Purposes herein-before authorized, and the better to insure that these Purposes shall be effected it is expedient that the said Register Office should be placed under the Controul next herein-after provided; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, from Time to Time, as to him or them shall appear needful, or conducive to public Convenience, to regulate the said Register Office, and as well to determine what Number of Persons shall be employed in discharging the Duties to be performed therein, as what the Duty to be performed by each Individual so employed shall be, and likewise to fix the respective Amount of Salary to be paid to each Individual for his Services in the said Office, and, further, to dispense with the Services of all or any One of the Individuals now appointed or employed or hereafter to be employed in the said Register Office, or any Part of such Services, or to reduce the Salary of any such Individual; and in any of the said Cases to make a reasonable Compensation or annual Allowance to such Individual or Individuals, as the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners shall deem proper, and to direct the Payment thereof out of the Fees of the said Office, or to authorize the Registrar, in Cases approved of and limited by the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners, to make such Advances; and, moreover, to order and direct all or any Part of any Surplus of the Fees and Monies received by the Registrar of the said Office to be laid out or expended in rendering the said Register Office more useful and convenient to the Public, and to reduce, alter, or vary any of the Fees, Regulations, Orders, or Directions established or at any Time hereafter to be established in the said Register Office, and to establish any other Fees, Regulations, Orders, or Directions: Provided always, that every Regulation, Order, or Direction so made or given by the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners aforesaid under this Act shall be forthwith laid before both Houses of Parliament, if Parliament shall then be sitting, and if Parliament shall not then be sitting, in that Case within Fourteen Days after the next Meeting of Parliament; and that the same shall not be carried into effect or become and be binding and conclusive until after the End of the Session in which the same shall be so laid before both Houses of Parliament; and also provided, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to authorize any Reduction of the Salary of the present Registrar, or to alter the Tenure by which the said present Registrar holds his Office.

XXXVI. And be it declared and enacted, That no Person holding the said Office of Registrar of Deeds in Ireland shall be capable of being elected a Member of or of sitting or voting in Parliament.

A.D. 1832.

29 & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 87.

m

SCHEDULES to which the Act refers. SCHEDULE (A.)

SALARY.

George Moore, Registrar - £ 1, 500

Oliver Moore, First Assistant Registrar Francis Armstrong, hereby appointed Second Assistant Registrar - 700 ]* 450

John Chapman, First Clerk - 250

William Butler, Second Clerk - 250

William Davis, Third Clerk - 100

And also such Number of other Clerks, to be paid according to the Work done, as the Registrar shall from Time to Time think it necessary to employ.

SCHEDULE (B.)

FEES to be taken in the Public Register Office in Dublin.

Upon every Memorial received into the Office, except the Memorial next mentioned, at the Time of the Delivery thereof to be registered:

Where such Memorial shall contain not more than Seven Folios, each of Seventy-two Words -

Above Seven,

For every additional Folio or Part of a Folio

And for the Name of every Grantor beyond the first Grantor For every separate Denomination of Land which shall have to be separately entered in the Index beyond the first -

For every Second Certificate of Registry or special Certificate of Registry, if the same shall not exceed a Folio of Seventy Words

And every additional Folio thereof, or Part of a Folio -

Upon every Memorial of a Civil Bill Decree Entering the Dissolution of an anonymous Partnership -

Entering Certificate of Satisfaction of a Mortgage -

£ 9. d.

0 8 0

0 0 6 0 0 3

0 0 3

0 0 6

0 0 6 0 2 6

0 5 0

0 5 0

526

C. 87.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

From every Person making Searches in the Office, including the Liberty of taking Notes or Abstracts, each Day -

For every original Memorial or Affidavit produced for Inspection in the Office - For Common Searches made by the Office under a Requisition, upon Names, for any Period not exceeding Ten Years, for each different Surname -

For every additional Ten Years or fractional Part of Ten Years -

And upon Lands, the like Fees for each Denomination or alias Denomination of Land commencing with a different initial Letter.

When both Names and Lands are stated in a Requisition, the Party desiring the Search may direct it to be confined to either the Lands or Names.

For every Copy of an Abstract of a Memorial, whether contained in a Certificate of Search or otherwise -Making certified or negative Search upon a Requisition, upon Names, for any Period not exceeding Ten Years, for each different Surname required -

For every additional Year beyond Ten Years And upon Lands, the like Fees for each Denomination or alias Denomination of Land commencing with a different initial Letter.

For each Copy of any Memorial or Certificate not exceeding Three Folios (including the Search for such Memorial and Certificate of the Officer on the Copy) -

And for every additional Folio or Part of a Folio beyond Three Folios -Attending to produce any Memorial or Memorials in Dublin, each Day, for each Cause The like, out of Dublin -

And for every Day beyond a Second Day -And for the Expences of travelling to and from any Place at which such Attendance shall be required, for every Mile -

A

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

Sm d* 2 6 0 6

2 6 2 6

1 0

5 0

0 6

1 6

0 6

6 8 13 4 13 4

0 8

SCHE.

g

cq '

n '

CD

Q.

cr

b

o

SCHEDULE (C.)

The First Column is for the Day of the Week; the Second, the Hour; the Third, the Day of the Month; the Fourth, the Names of the Grantors; the Fifth, the Names of the Grantees; the Sixth, the first Denomination of the Lands, the County, City, or Town, and Barony or Parish, in which they are stated to be situated; the Seventh, the Number of the Volume of that Year's Registry, and likewise the Number of the File of that Year in which the Memorial is deposited; the Eighth, the Number Of the Memorial upon the Registry, as well in the Transcript and all other Books as in the File the Memorial is put away in; the Ninth, the Name of the Party, or the Attorney or Solicitor, bringing the Memorial into the Office. — All the Entries in the foregoing Nine Columns are made by the Officer; and the Tenth, the Signature, by way of Receipt of the Person taking away the Instrument after the Memorial of it has been registered, and a Certificate of the Registration has been indorsed upon the Instrument, which Person must be the Person who brought the Deed to be registered, or his Clerk. — The Marks or short cross Lines show that the Indexes have been completed from the Entries which precede them.

b

to

o

CO

o

o

G

w

r1

2

i — i

3

SCHEDULE (D.)

FORM of the ABSTRACT BOOK.

TO

JX>

o

o

?T

Year and Day of registering, Volume of the Year, and Number of the Memorial. Name of the Date of the Names of all the Grantors and One or more Grantees. Consideration, Rent, Renewal Fines, Term. Name, Description, and Situation

Instrument Instrument. Grantor. Grantee. of the Premises.

1830. 4. 140. Lease for a Year. 1830. July 2. Ainsworth, John. Walsh, Mary. Carter, John, another. Nominal. Castlemain, the Lands of, in Parish,

Smith, Samuel, and Wife. Barony, County.

Reg. July 23.

General Nature of the Instrument;

whether Trust, Marriage Settlement, Mortgage, or an absolute Conveyance.

Possession, to vest;

The Figure 4. signifies the Number of the Volume in the Year in which the Transcript of the Memorial is to be found, and also the Number of the original Memorial on the File on which it is kept; and 140. the Number of the Memorial on the File, and of the Transcript of the Memorial in the Transcript Book.

C. 87. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

A.D. 1832.

C. 88.

529

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C.P. LXXXVIII.

An Act to amend the Representation of the People of Ireland.

[7th August 1832.]

"IXT WHEREAS it is expedient to extend the Elective Franchise

* to many of His Majesty's Subjects in Ireland who have

not heretofore enjoyed the same, and to increase the Number

of Representatives for certain Cities and Boroughs in that Part ' of the United Kingdom, and to diminish the Expences of

Elections therein be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, in addition to the Persons ifow by Law qualified to vote at the Election of Knights of the Shire for the several Counties in Ireland, every Male Person of full Age, and not subject to any legal Incapacity, who shall be entitled, either as Lessee or Assignee, to any Lands or Tenements, whether of Freehold or of any other Tenure whatever, for the unexpired Residue, whatever it may be, of any Term originally created for a Period of not less than Sixty Years, whether determinable on a Life or Lives or not, and having a beneficial Interest therein of the clear yearly Value of not less than Ten Pounds over and above all Rent and Charges, or for the unexpired Residue, whatever it may be, of any Term originally created for a Period of not less than Fourteen Years, whether determinable on a Life or Lives or not, and having a beneficial Interest therein of the clear yearly Value of not less than Twenty Pounds over and above all Rent and Charges, or for the unexpired Residue, whatever it may be, of any Term originally created for a Period of not less than Twenty Years, and having a beneficial Interest therein of the clear yearly Value of not less than Ten Pounds over and above all Rent and Charges, shall be entitled to vote in the Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire for the County in which such Lands or Tenements shall respectively be situate: Provided always, that no Person, being such Lessee or Assignee of such Term of Twenty Years, and no Person, being only a Sub-lessee or the Assignee of any Underlease, shall have a Right to vote in respect of any such Term of Sixty Years, or Fourteen or Twenty Years, as aforesaid, unless he shall be in the actual Occupation of the Premises; and provided also, that any Renewal or new Lease of the same Premises, for the same Rent and for a Term not less than such original Term, shall for the Purposes of this Act be deemed to be a Continuance of the same Qualification as aforesaid.

II. And be it enacted, That every Male Person of full Age, and not subject to any legal Incapacity, who shall be seised at Law or in Equity of any Lands or Tenements of Copyhold Tenure, for his Life, or for the Life of another, or for any Lives whatsoever, or for any larger Estate, of the clear yearly Value of not less than Ten Pounds over and above all Rents and Charges payable out of or in respect of the same, shall be entitled to vote in the Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in any future Parliament for the County in which such Lands or Tenements shall be respectively situate.

2 & 3 Gul. IV. Mm III. And

Right of voting in Counties at large extended to Leaseholders;

and to Copy-holders.

C. 88.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Not to affect present Voters in Counties.

No Vote out of Tenements in a County which give a Right to vote in a City, Town, or Borough.

Right of voting in Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns:

101. Freeholders;

201. Leaseholders.

10/. Householders.

No Freehold of less than 10/. yearly Value to

III. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall take away or in any Manner affect the Rights of voting for Knights of the Shire at present enjoyed by or which may hereafter accrue to any Person by virtue of any Law now in force, except so far as herein specially provided.

IV. And be it enacted, That notwithstanding any thing herein contained no Person shall be entitled to vote in the Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in any future Parliament in respect of his Estate or Interest in any House, Warehouse, Counting-house, or Shop occupied by himself, or in any Land occupied by himself together with any House, Warehouse, Counting-house, or Shop, such House, Warehouse, Counting-house, or Shop being, either separately, or jointly with the Land so occupied therewith, of such Value *as would, according to the Provisions herein-after contained, confer on him the Right of voting for any City, Town, or Borough, whether he shall or shall not have actually acquired the Right to vote for such City, Town, or Borough in respect thereof.

V. And be it enacted, That in every City or Town, being a County of a City or County of a Town by itself, and which shall return a Member or Members to serve in any future Parliament, in addition to the Persons now by Law qualified to vote at the Election of such Member or Members, every Male Person of full Age, and not subject to any legal Incapacity, who shall be seised at Law or in Equity of any Freehold Estate in any Lands or Tenements within such City or Town, and shall be in the actual Occupation thereof, and who shall have a beneficial Interest therein of the clear yearly Value of Ten Pounds at the least above all Rent and Charges payable out of the same, or who shall hold as Lessee or Assignee any Lands or Tenements within such City or Town, for such Term, of such Value, and subject to such Provisions as would under this Act, if such Lands or Tenements were situate in a County at large without the Limits of such City or Town, entitle such Person to register his Vote for such County, or who shall hold and occupy within such City or Town, as Tenant or Owner, any House, Warehouse, Counting-house, or Shop, which, either separately, or jointly with any Land within such City or Town occupied therewith by him as Tenant under the same Landlord, or occupied therewith by him as Owner, shall be bona fide of the clear yearly Value of not less than Ten Pounds, shall, if duly registered according to the Provisions of this Act, be entitled to vote in the Election of a Member or Members to serve in any future Parliament for such City or Town: Provided always, that no such Occupier as last above mentioned shall be admitted to be registered under this Act unless he shall have occupied such Premises as aforesaid for Six Calendar Months next previous to the Time of his Registry, nor unless such Occupier shall have paid or discharged all such Grand Jury and Municipal Cesses, Rates, and Taxes, if any, as shall have become legally due and payable by him in respect of such Premises, over and above and except One Half Years Amount of such Cesses, Rates, and Taxes aforesaid.

VI. And be it enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act no Person, save as herein is provided, shall be registered

A.D. 1832. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. c. 88.

registered or admitted to vote as a Freeholder at any Election of any Member or Members to serve in any future Parliament for any County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland, unless such Person shall have an Estate of Freehold in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in such County of a City or County of a Town, of the clear yearly Value of Ten Pounds at the least above all Charges, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall prevent any Person now being a Forty-shilling Freeholder entitled to register as such from retaining (so long as he shall continue to be seised of the same Lands or Tenements) the Right of voting in such Election in respect thereof, if duly registered according to the Provisions of this Act.

VII. And be it enacted, That at all Elections of a Member or Members to serve in any future Parliament for any City, Town, or Borough in Ireland, not being a County in itself, every Male Person of full Age, and not subject to any legal Incapacity, and duly registered according to the Provisions of this Act, who shall hold and occupy within such City, Town, or Borough, as Tenant or Owner, any House, Warehouse, Counting-house, or Shop, which, either separately, or jointly with any Land within such City, Town, or Borough occupied therewith by him as Tenant under the same Landlord, or occupied therewith by him as Owner, shall be bona fide of the clear yearly Value of not less than Ten Pounds, shall be entitled to vote in the Choice of a Member or Members to serve in any future Parliament for such City, Town, or Borough; provided always, that no such Occupier as last aforesaid shall be admitted to be registered under this Act unless he shall have occupied such Premises as aforesaid for Six Calendar Months next previous to the Time of Registry, nor unless such Occupier shall have paid or discharged all such Grand Jury and Municipal Cesses, Rates, and Taxes, if any, as shall have become legally due and payable by him in respect of such Premises, over and above and except One Half Year's Amount of such Cesses, Rates, and Taxes aforesaid.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That notwithstanding any thing herein-before contained, no Person shall be entitled to vote in the Election of a Member or Members to serve in any future Parliament, for any City or Town, or County of a City or Town, in respect of any Estate or Interest in any Freehold under the yearly Value of Ten Pounds which shall have been acquired by such Person since the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, unless the same shall have come to or been acquired by such Person since that Day, and previously to the passing of this Act, by Descent, Succession, Marriage, Marriage Settlement, Devise, or Promotion to any Benefice in a Church, or by Promotion to any Office.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Freemen, Freeholders, and Persons who by reason of any Corporate or other Right are now by Law entitled to vote at the Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for any City, Town, or Borough, and all Persons who, by reason of Birth, Marriage, or Service, or of any Statute now in force, shall be at any Time hereafter admitted to their Freedom in any City, Town,

531

give a Vote in a City or Town;

saving of registered 40s. Freeholders now entitled to vote.

Right of voting in Boroughs to be enjoyed by Occupiers of Houses, &c. of the annual Value of 10/.

In what Case only a Freehold under 10/. Value is to give a Vote.

Saving for Freemen now entitled to vote while resident.

C. 88.

2 8c3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832

Charges not payable out of an Estate.

Additional

Members.

Boundaries of Cities, Towns, and Boroughs defined.

No unregistered Person to vote.

Six Months

Possession required before Registry.

Exception as to Property coming by .Descent, &c.

or Borough sending a Member or Members to Parliament, shall, after such Registration as is directed by this Act, but so long only as they shall reside within the said City, Town, or Borough, or within Seven Statute Miles of the usual Place of Election therein, have and enjoy such Right of voting as fully and in like Manner as if this Act had not been passed: Provided further, that no Persons who since the Thirteenth Day of March in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one have been or hereafter shall be admitted as Honorary Freemen shall be entitled by virtue of such Admission to vote or register as Freemen under this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Public or Parliamentary Tax, County, Church, or Parish Cess or Rate, or any Cess or Rate upon any Townland, or Division of any Parish, Barony, or Half Barony, shall be deemed a Charge payable out of any Estate or Tenement withing the Meaning of this Act.

XI. And be it enacted, That the City of Limerick, the City of Waterford^ the Borough of Belfast, the County of the Town of Galway, and the University of Dublin shall each respectively return One Member to serve in each future Parliament, in addition to the Member which each of the said Places is now by Law entitled to return.

XII. And be it enacted, That each of the Cities, Towns, and Boroughs returning a Member or Members to serve in Parliament shall for the Purposes of this Act include the Place or Places respectively which shall be comprehended within the Boundaries of each of the said Cities, Towns, and Boroughs respectively, as such Boundaries shall be settled by an Act to be passed for that Purpose in this present Parliament, which Act, when passed, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of this Act as fully and effectually as if the same were incorporated herewith: Provided always, that until the passing of said last-mentioned Act all such Cities, Towns, and Boroughs shall for the Purposes of this Act be deemed and taken to be comprehended within the same Limits and Boundaries as before the passing of this Act.

XIII. And be it enacted, That no Person shall be admitted to vote at any Election of a Member or Members to serve in any future Parliament for any County, City, Town, or Borough in Ireland^ the University of Dublin excepted, unless such Person shall have been qualified as aforesaid, and duly registered under this Act; and that no Person shall be so registered in respect of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, unless he shall have been in the actual Possession thereof, or in Receipt of the Rents, Issues, or Profits thereof, for his own Use, as the Case may require, for Six Calendar Months next previous to his Registry under this Act: Provided always, that when any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which would otherwise entitle the Owner, Holder, or Possessor thereof to vote in any such Election, shall come to any Person, at any Time within Six Months next before such Registry, by Descent, Succession, Marriage Settlement, Devise, or Promotion to any Benefice or Office, such Person shall be entitled in respect thereof to be registered as a Voter at the Registry for such County, City, Town, and Borough respectively then next to be had by virtue of this Act.

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 88.

533

XIV. And be it further enacted, That after the Commencement of this Act a Special Session, for the Purpose of registering Votes for each County, City, Town, and Borough in Ireland having the Right to send a Member or Members to Parliament (the Borough of the University of Dublin only excepted) , shall be holden in each such County by and before the Assistant Barrister or Chairman of such County, and in each such City, Town, and Borough respectively by and before the Assistant Barristers in the Schedule (A.) hereunto annexed mentioned, on such Day or Days and at such Places respectively as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall appoint; and the Clerk of the Peace in and for each such County, City, Town, and Borough, or his Deputy, shall, Thirty Days at the least before the Day respectively so appointed, cause to be posted, in conspicuous Places within each such County, City, Town, and Borough respectively, Notices that such Session for the Purposes of registering the Names of Voters under this Act for such County, City, Town, or Borough will be held on the Days and at the Places so appointed, and that Applications for that Purpose will be then and there taken into consideration.

XV. And be it enacted, That every Person intending to apply at such Session to be registered as a Voter for any County, City, Town, or Borough shall, Twenty clear Days at the least before the first Day appointed for holding such Sessions respectively, give or cause to be given a Notice in Writing of such his Intention to the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, acting for such County, City, Town, or Borough, or to the High Constable of the Barony within which the Property to be registered is situate, and the High Constable shall without Delay transmit all Notices so given to him to the Clerk of the Peace; and such Person so intending to register shall in such Notice state his Name and Residence, the Right in respect of which he intends to apply, and the Nature of the Qualification relied upon by him as entitling him to be so registered; and such Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy shall thereupon enter all such Notices according to the Order in which he shall receive them, and shall, Ten Days at least before the Day appointed for holding such Session, cause alphabetical Lists of such Voters to be printed and circulated, and to be posted in conspicuous Places throughout such County, City, Town, or Borough; and no such List shall be liable to any Stamp Duty.

XVI. And be it enacted, That at such Special Session the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy shall call the Names of the Persons contained in such List in alphabetical Order, and shall again Twice at the least during such Sessions call over the Names of all such Persons as did not appear upon such first Calling, and that each Claimant's Case shall be heard in the Order of his Appearance; and each Person so called shall produce in open Court the Deed, Lease, or Instrument, if any, duly stamped, by virtue of which he shall claim a Right to be registered, or shall, by his own Oath, or otherwise as the Assistant Barrister shall require, sufficiently account for the Non-production thereof; or if he shall not claim by virtue of a Deed, Lease, or Instrument, or is disabled from producing such Deed, Lease, or Instrument,

Mm3 then

A Special Session for registering Voters to be holden for each County, City. Town, and Borough, at such Days and Places as the Lord Lieutenant shall appoint.

Notice thereof by Clerk of the-Peace.

Notice to be given to Clerk of the Peace of Intention ta register.

Proceedings at the Special Sessions.

C. 88.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Assistant Barrister to investigate Claims to register.

Who may oppose a Claim to register.

Oath to be taken by the Assistant Barrister if he adjudge the Claimant entitled.

Affidavit of Registry to be signed by the Assistant Barrister, and to be filed of Record.

then such Person shall otherwise establish his Right to be registered as such Voter, pursuant to his said Notice, according to the Provisions of this Act; and such Person, if claiming as a Freeholder or Leaseholder or Householder, shall also make it appear that the Property in respect of which he seeks to be so registered is of the Value and Nature by this Act prescribed, and that he is otherwise duly qualified to be registered according to the Provisions of this Act: Provided always, that no Person shall be bound to produce the Title Deeds of any Landlord under whom he may hold or derive, or make Proof of such Title, and that Possession and Perception of Rent shall be deemed primd facie Evidence of such Landlord's Title.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the Assistant Barrister or Chairman shall inspect and examine every Deed, Lease, or Instrument so produced, and shall investigate the Claim made thereunder, or otherwise, to be registered, and shall determine upon the Validity or Invalidity of such Claim, and shall and may examine and inquire, as well by the Oaths of the Claimants as by any other Evidence offered in support of or in opposition to such Claim, whether such Claimant is or is not to be registered as a Voter for the County, City, Town, or Borough to which his Claim shall relate, and in case of any Claim in respect of the Freehold, Leasehold, or Household Property, whether the same be of the Value and Nature respectively hereby prescribed and required, and shall also inquire, by any of the Means aforesaid, as he shall think fit, into the Truth of the several Particulars required by the Provisions of this Act, or required to be stated in any Oath by such Claimant herein-after prescribed to be taken for such Registry.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be received as the Opposer of any Claimant to register at such Sessions who shall not be himself either a registered Voter for such County, City, Town, or Borough, or a Person who has served a Notice to register as a Voter at the same Sessions, or some Counsel, Attorney, or Agent duly authorized by such Voter or Claimant to appear for him or on his Behalf.

XIX. And be it enacted, That if such Assistant Barrister or Chairman shall deem such Claimant to be entitled' under this Act to be registered as a Voter for the County, City, Town, or Borough to which his Claim shall relate, and not be subject to any legal Disqualification, such Barrister or Chairman shall so declare and adjudge; and the Person so declared entitled shall verify his Title by Affidavit, and shall take and subscribe (as the Case may be) the Oath stated in the Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed, instead of any Oath or Oaths which by the Law now in being he would be liable to take or subscribe.

XX. And be it enacted, That every such Affidavit shall be signed by the Barrister or Chairman before whom the same shall be taken, and shall be by him delivered to the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, as the Case may be, to be filed and kept amongst the Records of the County, City, Town, or Borough; and such Barrister is hereby required to take care that such Oaths shall be agreeable to the Form hereby prescribed, or as near thereto as may be; and no Objection in point of Form shall at any Time hereafter be allowed to any such Oath, when signed.

A.D. 1832. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 88.

535

XXI. And be it enacted, That in case it shall appear to such If Claimant not Barrister or Chairman that any Person claiming to be registered entitled to re-as a Voter for any County, City, Town, or Borough is not entitled gjster, Assistant so to be registered, such Barrister or Chairman shall refuse to go^ud^and permit such Person to be registered, and shall make an Order MtVrthtoe*11 accordingly; and when such Refusal shall be on the Ground of Objection. Insufficiency of Value, the Order of Refusal shall state such Insufficiency as the Ground of such Order, or otherwise shall state

the Objection by reason whereof the Claimant has been adjudged not to be entitled to be registered: Provided always, that such Order shall be without Prejudice to any future Application to be registered which the Person so rejected shall think fit to make at any subsequent General Quarter Sessions of the Peace.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That a Certificate Production of of Registry made pursuant to the Laws in force in Ireland pre- Certificate of vious to the passing of this Act shall be deemed and taken to R^glstryI^) be prima facie Evidence of the Right to be registered; and that entitle'Claimant any Person, having given Notice of his Intention to register as to Certificate by this Act required, shall, upon producing or causing to be under this Act, produced such Certificate at the Session for that Purpose to be without Oath held, be entitled and admitted to register his Vote and obtain or further Evi" his Certificate under this Act, without further Proof or Oath, ence' unless Cause to the contrary shall appear, and without any Fee

or Charge; and in Cases where a Certificate of Registry shall not be produced, or in case it shall appear expedient, it shall be lawful for the Assistant Barrister or Chairman presiding at the Sessions to be holden for the Purpose of registering Votes under this Act to refer to any original Affidavit or Affirmation, or Transcript or Record thereof, or any Entry thereof in the Book or Books which by virtue of the Laws now in force in Ireland the Clerks of the Peace or Town Clerks throughout Ireland are authorized or required to make or keep; and in case the said Assistant Barrister or Chairman shall be satisfied, on Inspection thereof, that such Affirmations or Affidavits or Entries are correct, it shall not be necessary for him further to inquire into the Right of voting claimed thereunder, but he shall and may direct and allow the same to be registered, and the Claimant to have his Certificate under this Act, without Oath or further Proof, unless Cause to the contrary shall appear, and without any Fee or Charge.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all 40s. and 51. Forty-shilling Freeholders and Five-pound Householders claiming Householders

a Right to be registered under this Act shall appear in person Q^ifca^oii tf before the Assistant Barrister at the Sessions, to be examined required. on Oath by such Barrister touching such their Claim to be registered, and they shall, if required by such Barrister, make Proof of the Nature and Sufficiency of their Qualification to be so registered, and shall upon such Proof being made, and also Proqf. of Identity, be admitted or rejected accordingly.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That if any Person against whose Where Adjudi-

Claim any such Order shall be made on the Ground of Insuffi- agaj1154 ciency of Value shall deem himself aggrieved thereby, it shall be lawful for such Person to appeal therefrom to the Judges of Assize sufficien^of11" at the next Assizes for the County, City, Town, or Place within Value, Claim-which the Property in right whereof such Person claims to ant may appeal

register to Judges of

C. 88.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1832.

Assize, and have the Question tried by a Jury.

When Registry is refused on any other Ground, the Claimant may appeal to . Judges of Assize.

Proceedings in case of Reversal of Order.

After the Special Sessions hereby directed. Voters may be registered at Quarter Sessions.

register such Vote shall be situate; and such Judges of Assize, or One of them, are and is hereby empowered and required to try and inquire by the Verdict of a Jury whether such Property is of the annual Value within the Meaning of this Act at which the Claimant seeks to register such Vote; and such Jury shall be returned by the same Officer and in the same Manner in which Juries are now returned in Cases of Appeal from the Decrees of Assistant Barristers on Civil Bills; and if such Jury shall give a Verdict in favour of the Claim to register, and the Judge before whom the same shall be tried shall consider such Claim to be in other respects well founded, the Order so complained of shall be thereupon reversed, and the Claimant be declared and adjudged entitled to be registered as a Voter under this Act; and such Adjudication shall have the same Effect to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been made by such Assistant Barrister or Chairman at the Sessions aforesaid.

XXV. And be it enacted, That where any Person, against whose Claim to register as a Voter at Elections for any County, City, or Town or Place, any Order shall be made by the Assistant Barrister or Chairman on any other Ground than Insufficiency of Value, shall consider himself aggrieved by such Order, it shall be lawful for such Person to appeal from such Order to the Judges of Assize at the next Assizes to be holden for the same County, City, Town, or Place; and such Judges of Assize, or One of them, shall have Power, on Motion, to review such Order, and either to affirm or reverse the same, as shall be fit, and thereupon to adjudicate; and which Adjudication shall have the same Effect, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Adjudication had been made by such Assistant Barrister or Chairman at the Sessions aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That in every Case in which an Order of an Assistant Barrister or Chairman shall upon Appeal be reversed, the Judge before whom the same shall have been heard shall thereupon cause such Oath to be taken and subscribed, and such Certificate to be given, and shall sign the same respectively, in like Manner as the Assistant Barrister is hereinbefore required to do, and shall cause such Acts to be performed by the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, and such Proceedings to be had, as herein-before directed and required when any Voter is registered at any Sessions before the Assistant Barrister or Chairman; and such Oath and Certificate, and such Acts and Proceedings, shall be of the like Effect as if they had been taken, subscribed, given, performed, and had before the Assistant Barrister or Chairman.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That after the Determination of the Session hereby directed to be first holden for the Registry of Voters for Counties, Cities, Towns, and Boroughs, it shall be lawful for any Person claiming a Right so to be registered to apply for that Purpose at any Sessions of the Peace or Adjournment thereof to be held by and before the Assistant Barrister or Chairman of the proper County, and by and before the Assistant Barrister or Chairman by the said Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed authorized to register Voters for such City, Town, or Borough, upon giving to the Clerk of the Peace a Notice of his

Intention

V

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 8B.

537

Intention so to do, in the Form herein provided, Twenty clear Days at the least before the Day appointed for the holding of such General or Quarter Session, and if within a County at large, in the Division within which the Freehold or Leasehold Interest intended to be registered shall be situate; and the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy shall in such Case proceed in all respects in the same Manner as herein-before prescribed with relation to

Applications for registering Voters at the first Session for that Purpose, hereby directed; and the Assistant Barrister of such County, or Chairman, is hereby authorized and required to hear and determine such Applications at such General or Quarter Sessions, and at the Commencement of such Sessions, and before any other Business, Civil or Criminal, in the same Manner in all respects as is herein-before provided with respect to Applications to register at the Sessions for that Purpose to be first holden under this Act; and thereupon the same Proceedings shall and may be had, the like Orders made, the like Oaths taken, the like Certificates granted, the like Rights and Powers of Appeal enjoyed and exercised, and the like Rules and Regulations,

Enactments and Things, observed, performed, and followed, as if such Application had been made at the first Session for registering Votes directed to be held under this Act: Provided always, that a Certificate of a former Registry under this Act shall be deemed and taken to be prima fade Evidence of the Right of voting; and that any Person, having given Notice of his Intention to register anew under this Act, shall, upon producing or causing to be produced such former Certificate at the Sessions for that Purpose to be held, be entitled and admitted to register his Vote, and to obtain a new Certificate under this Act, without further Proof or Oath, unless Cause to the contrary shall appear, and shall by virtue of such new Certificate be entitled to vote at any Election or Elections to be held within Eight Years next after the obtaining of such new Certificate.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That upon any Person being under Certificate of this Act declared entitled to be registered as a Voter, the Clerk Registry to be of the Peace or his Deputy shall, upon Payment to him of the g, v?n t<\?ach Sum of One Shilling, give to the Person so declared entitled a Certificate on Parchment, signed by such Clerk of the Peace or

his Deputy, as also by the Barrister, Chairman, or Judge, declaring such Right, that such Person has been registered as a Voter for such County, City, Town, or Borough, and the Character and Right in which he has been so registered, and the Date of such Registry as aforesaid, and shall then and there make an Entry of such Certificate at the Foot of the Voter s Affidavit of Registry, and sign his Name to such Entry; and which Certificate shall be the proper Evidence of the Right of the Person named therein to vote: Provided always, that in the Absence of such Certificate, the Voter shall be entitled to refer to his original Affidavit of Registry, with the Entry thereon, in the Hands of the Deputy Clerk of the Peace, and which original Affidavit such Deputy is required immediately to produce to the Returning Officer or his Deputy.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall duly Voters register-register as a Voter within this Act at the first Session for regis- iaS at first

tering sions to be cn '

C. 88.

2°.& 8° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

titled to vote immediately, others after Six Months.

Clerk of the Peace to appoint a Deputy to be present at each Polling Place.

As to Time of Registry.

Invalid

Registry.

Assistant Barristers may adjourn Sessions, if necessary.

Fee of 1 s, to Clerk of Peace.

tering his Vote within this Act shall be thereupon forthwith entitled to vote at any Election to be held in and for the County, City, Town, or Borough for which such Voter shall be registered; and that any Person who shall at any Time after such first Session duly register his Vote according to the Provisions of this Act shall be entitled to vote at any Election to be held by virtue of any Writ tested Six Calendar Months at least after such Registry.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace, at every Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for any County, City, Town, or Borough, shall appoint, or in failure thereof the Returning Officer or Officers shall appoint, a Deputy Clerk of the Peace, and likewise an Assistant to such Deputy, to be present in each Booth or Place of polling, who shall take with him into such Place of polling all the original Affidavits and Affirmations which have been made by the Persons capable of voting in such Place of polling respectively, any Act to the contrary notwithstanding; which Affidavits or Affirmations the Clerk of the Peace is hereby required to have arranged alphabetically in separate Parcels, (One or more for each Letter of the Alphabet,) and indorsed with the Names of the Persons by whom the same were respectively made, and also with the Number of the Entry of Affidavit or Affirmation in the Registry Book; and that in those Cases wherein a Certificate of Registry shall not be produced by the Person tendering his Vote or offering to poll, such Deputy shall, on the Demand of the Person offering to poll, produce the original Affidavit or Affirmation of the Registry of such Person; and that such Deputy Clerk of the Peace shall be entitled to receive the Sum of Ten Shillings, and no more, for each Day of his Attendance, any Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and such Assistant to such Deputy shall be entitled to receive the Sum of Five Shillings for each Day of his Attendance; and that if such Deputy, or such Assistant to such Deputy, shall alter, deface, destroy, or lose any Affidavit or Affirmation of Registry committed to his Care, he shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds for every such Offence to any Person suing for the same, by Action of Debt, at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That no Person shall be admitted to vote at any Election of a Member or Members to serve in any future Parliament, by virtue of any Registry under this Act, unless he shall have registered within Eight Years next before such Election.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That no Registry hereafter to be made shall be valid unless made conformably to the Provisions of this Act.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That in case any Exigency shall render it necessary for any Assistant Barrister or Chairman to adjourn any Session for the Registry of Votes so appointed to be holden, or in case he shall be so directed by the Lord Lieutenant, it shall be lawful for him to adjourn and continue the same, as Circumstances may require, either to the same Place, or to such other Place or Places as the Lord Lieutenant shall direct.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That any Person registering under this Act shall be exempted from the Payment of any Fee whatever

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 88.

639

ever for filing the Certificate or other Duty in respect of such Registry, save only such Fee of One Shilling to the Clerk of the Peace as by this Act is provided.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Clerk of the Peace for each County, City, Town, and Borough returning a Peace yearly to Member or Members to Parliament shall, under the Direction and with the Advice of the Chairman or Barrister, as the Case y0|ers 1S ° may be, on or before the First Day of February ineach and every Year, examine, correct, and make out complete alphabetical Lists of the registered Voters in each County, City, Town, and Borough in which he has acted in making such Registry as aforesaid, with the Dates of their Registries respectively annexed, and shall, at the Expence of such County, City, Town, and Borough respectively, on or before the said First Day of February in each Year, cause such Lists to be printed, and posted in some conspicuous Places in the Counties, Cities, Towns, and Boroughs to which such Lists respectively relat ' L " 1 J_1? n

upon being paid One Shilling for each such Copy.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That the Expences of printing the Expences of

Notices and Postings hereby directed shall be defrayed by the printing Lists, Clerk of the Peace in such County, City, and Town respec- and of posting tively; and the Grand Jury of each such County, City, and *to*b^de

Town, as the Case may be, are hereby required, at the next by th* Assizes or Presenting Term after such Notices and Postings, to County, &c. present to be levied off their respective Counties, in the same

Manner as other Sums are authorized to be presented by such Grand Juries, all such Sums as shall have been necessarily disbursed by such Clerks of the Peace respectively, which Sums shall be paid to such Clerks of the Peace.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That no Barrister or Chairman In what Case shall be eligible to serve in Parliament for any County, City, Barrister, &c. Town, or Borough sending a Member or Members to Parliament, inellglWe«

in which he shall have exercised Jurisdiction under this Act as such Barrister or Chairman, for Seven Years after he shall have exercised such Jurisdiction.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That each Riding in the County Cork Ridings of Cork shall be deemed to be a County for the Purpose of Counties. Registry under this Act.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall refuse Persons refus-

to be sworn or to give Evidence before any Judge, Barrister, mg to give Evi-Chairman, or Jury, upon the Investigation of any Claim to regis- ^ence to he ter under this Act as aforesaid, without sufficient lawful Excuse to a

to be allowed by such Judge, Barrister, or Chairman, it shall be lawful for such Judge, Chairman, or Barrister to order such Person to pay a Fine not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be applied to the Use of the Infirmary of the County, City, or Town respectively, or such charitable Institution as the Judge, Chairman, or Barrister shall think fit, or in default thereof to commit such Person to the Gaol of the said County, City, or Town respectively for any Term not exceeding Two Calendar Months.

XL. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall forge or Forgers of Cer-counterfeit the Signature of any Judge, Chairman, Barrister, or tificate or Oath Clerk of the Peace to any Order, Certificate, or Instrument in be pumsh-

Writing able by Trans-

son applying for the same

C. 88.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

portation for Seven Years, or by Imprisonment for Three V«ars.

Quakers or Moravians may affirm.

Taking Oath or Affirmation falsely to be Pegury.

Officers to attend Sessions for Registry.

Registry of Voters in the County of Dublin and in the City of Dublin.

Writing purporting to be an Order or Certificate within this Act, or the Signature of any Person to any Oath or Affirmation within this Act, or shall knowingly utter or publish as true and genuine any such forged or counterfeited Order, Certificate, Instrument, Writing, Oath, or Affirmation, every Person so offending shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court before which he shall be tried, to be transported beyond the Seas for the Term of Seven Years, or to be imprisoned, with or without hard Labour, for any Term not exceeding Three Years.

XLI. And be it enacted, That in every Case where an Oath is by this Act required to be taken, every Person, being a Moravian or Quaker, may make Affirmation in the Form prescribed hereby for each such Oath respectively, and that all Provisions herein contained relative to any Oath shall respectively extend and apply to every such Affirmation.

XLII. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall, in any Oath or Affirmation to be taken under this Act, wilfully and corruptly swear or affirm falsely, such Person shall be deemed guilty of Perjury, and be liable to the same Pains, Penalties, and Punishments as any Person is now liable to for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That the Sheriff of each County, City, and Town in Ireland, or his Under Sheriff, and also the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, and Town Clerks, for each such County, City, Town, or Borough, or his Deputy, and the High Constable of the Barony in which each and every such Court of Sessions as by this Act is directed shall be held, and such Number of other Constables as the Assistant Barrister or Chairman shall deem sufficient, shall attend the Court from Day to Day during the Continuance of such Sessions; and every Clerk of the Peace and Town Clerk, or Deputy, as the Case may be, attending any such Sessions, shall take with him and from Day to Day attend with such original Affidavits or Affirmations, and all and every such Book and Registry, as under and by virtue of the Laws now in force in Ireland, or under this Act, such Clerk of the Peace or Town Clerk, or his Deputy, is required to keep or to attend with and produce at any Election or Place of polling in Ireland *

XLIV. And be it enacted, That in the County of Dublin all Voters to be registered under this Act shall be registered before the Chairman of the Sessions of that County, and in the City of Dublin before the said Chairman, who shall for such Purpose hold a Session Four Times in each Year, at such Times and Places as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall appoint, and that such Registry shall be conducted in the same Manner in all respects as before the Assistant Barrister in any other County, City, or Town; and such Chairman shall have, exercise, perform, and discharge every Power, Jurisdiction, Right, Authority, Duty, and Function hereby vested in or given to any such Assistant Barrister; and in any Case where an Appeal is hereby allowed from the Order of an Assistant Barrister to the Judge of Assize the like Power of Appeal from any Order of such Chairman shall and may, in the 10 Case

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3o GULIELMI IV. C. 88.

541

Case of any Voter in the County of Dublin and City of Dublin respectively, be enjoyed and had to a Judge of any of His Majesty's superior Law Courts of Record in Dublin at Nisi Prius, at the Sittings for the City of Dublin next after such Order made, and the Judge to which any such Appeal shall be made shall proceed with respect thereto in the same Manner as any Judge of Assize is hereby authorized or required to proceed.

XLV. And be it enacted, That every Session to be held for registering Voters within this Act shall be deemed a Court of Record; and that it shall be lawful for every Barrister or Chairman before whom such Court shall be held, from Time to Time as there shall be Occasion, to fine the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, the Town Clerk or his Deputy, or the Sub-Sheriff of the County, City, or Town for which the said Court shall be held, and any High or other Constable, who shall respectively be guilty of any Breach of Duty in the Execution of this Act, in any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and, at his Discretion, to fine in any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, or to commit to Prison for any Time not exceeding a Fortnight, any Person whatsoever who shall disturb the Court so to be held by him for registering Voters as aforesaid, or who shall be guilty of any other Contempt of the said Court.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Freeholder who may be entitled by Law to register a Freehold in any County, County of a City, or County of a Town in Ireland, of the annual Value of not less than Fifty Pounds, and for every Clergyman who claims to vote as a 'Freeholder in right of his Benefice, to register such Freehold either at the Special or any General Quarter Sessions to be holden under this Act, or to register such Freehold by taking and subscribing the proper Oath by the Schedule to this Act annexed prescribed, in any of the superior Courts of Record in Dublin, or before a Judge at the Assizes, in the Manner now by Law authorized; and the said Oath shall be subscribed by One of the Judges of the Court before whom the same was taken, and being delivered to the Clerk of the Peace, shall be signed by him, and kept amongst the Records of the proper County; and each such Freeholder shall be thereupon entitled, upon Payment of the Fee of One Shilling, to receive, at any Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the Division of the County in which his Freehold shall be situate, a Certificate of his Registry as a Voter for such County, City, or Town respectively; which Certificate shall be in the Form by this Act prescribed, and shall be signed by the Assistant Barrister and Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, and shall be of equal Validity with any Certificate to be granted under this Act, and subject to the same Provisions.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That no Person shall be allowed to have any Vote at any Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for or by reason of any Trust Estate or Mortgage, unless such Trustee or Mortgagee be in actual Receipt of the Rents and Profits of the same Estate, but that the Cestuique Trust or Mortgagor in possession shall and may register and vote for the same Estate, notwithstanding such Trust or Mortgage.

Power to the Barrister, &c. to fine Clerk of Peace, &c. for Breach of Duty.

Freeholds of the annual Value of not less than 50/. may be registered at the Special or General Quarter Sessions to be holden under this Act.

Provision as to Trustees and Mortgagees.

G. 88.

2° & S» GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Candidate, or Person proposing Candidate without his Consent, to be at the Expence of Booths and Poll Clerks.

Copies of the Registry to be made for each Booth.

Powers of Deputies of Returning Officers.

Two or more Polling Places to be provided where the Voters shall exceed Six hundred.

XLYffl. And be it enacted, That after the End of the present Parliament all Booths erected for the Convenience of taking Polls shall be erected at the joint and equal Expence of the several Candidates, and the same shall be erected by Contract with the Candidates if they shall think fit to make such Contract, or if they shall not make such Contract, then the same shall be erected by the Sheriff or other Returning Officer or Officers, at the Expence of the several Candidates as aforesaid; and the Deputies appointed by the said Sheriff or other Returning Officer or Officers shall be paid each Two Guineas by the Day, and the Clerks employed in taking the Polls shall be paid each One Guinea by the Day, at the Expence of the Candidates at such Election: Provided always, that if any Person shall be proposed without his Consent, then that the Person so proposing him shall deposit or give Security in a sufficient Sum to defray his Share of the said Expences in like Manner as if he had been a Candidate.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That the Sheriff or other Returning Officer shall, before the Day fixed for the Election, cause to be made, for the Use of each Booth at such Election, a true Copy of the Register of Voters, and shall under his Hand certify every such Copy to be true.

L. And be it enacted, That every Deputy of a Sheriff or other Returning Officer shall have the same Power of administering the Oaths and Affirmations required by Law as the Sheriff or other Returning Officer has by virtue of this or any other Act, and subject to the same Regulations and Provisions in every respect as such Sheriff or other Returning Officer; and that such Oaths shall be agreeable to the Forms by Law required, or as near thereto as may be.

LI. And be it further enacted, That whenever, in any One Barony or Half Barony of the County, or in any County of a City or County of a Town, or in any Borough, the Number of registered Voters appearing by the Books of the Clerk of the Peace capable of voting at any Election for the same shall exceed Six hundred Voters, it shall and may be lawful for the Returning Officer or Officers, and he and they are hereby required, to provide Two or more Polling Places for such Barony or Half Barony, or for such County of a City or County of a Town, or Borough, and to make such a Division or Divisions of the Voters, according to the first Letters of their Names, that it shall not be necessary for more than Six hundred Voters to poll in any One Place of polling, but so as not to divide the Names beginning with the same Letter of the Alphabet; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Returning Officer or Officers, and he and they are hereby required, to provide as many new Places of polling as may be necessary for the Purpose, and to appoint as many additional Deputies and Poll Clerks as shall be necessary to take the Poll in such additional Places of polling, not exceeding One Deputy and One Poll Clerk for each such Place of polling; and provided always, that in case the Number of Voters in any Two or more Baronies or Half Baronies in any County shall not exceed the Number of Six hundred Voters, it shall be lawful for the Returning Officer or Officers, and he and they are hereby required, to

provide

543

A.D. 1832. 2° & So GULIELMI IV, C. 88.

provide that the Poll for such Baronies and Half Baronies shall be taken in One Place of polling only.

LII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act every Poll which shall be demanded at any Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for any County, City, Town, or Borough in Ireland shall commence on the Day upon which the same shall be demanded, or upon the next Day after (unless such Day shall happen to be a Sunday, Christmas Day, or Good Friday, and in such Case on the Day next after) , and shall be duly and regularly proceeded in from Day to Day for so many Hours of each Polling Day as the Returning Officer or Officers are now by Law directed to keep the Poll open in Counties at large (Sunday, Christmas Day> and Good Friday excepted) , until the same shall be finished, but so that no Poll shall continue more than Five Days at the most (Sunday, Christmas Day, and Good Friday always excepted); and if such Poll shall continue until the Fifth Day, then the same .shall be finally closed at or before the Hour of Five o'Clock in the Afternoon of the same Day; and the Returning Officer shall immediately after the final Close of the Polldecl are the Name or Names of the Person or Persons having the Majority of Votes in such Poll, and shall forthwith make a Return of such Person or Persons.

LIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Returning Officer at any such Election, and he is hereby required, on any Day during such Election after the First Day of polling, to close finally the Poll in any Booth or Place of polling in which no more than Twenty Persons have polled during that Day: Provided always, that in case it shall appear to the Returning Officer, upon the Evidence of Two or more credible Persons, taken upon Oath, and which Oath the Returning Officer is hereby empowered to administer, that any Persons intending to offer themselves to poll in such Booth or Place of polling have been prevented by Force or Violence from coming to the same for the Purpose of polling on that Day, that then and in such Case it shall be lawful to and for the Returning Officer to keep such Booth or Place of polling open for another Day, and so on from Day to Day, if such Force or Violence be repeated, and be found to have taken place upon such Evidence as aforesaid, to the Satisfaction of the Returning Officer, and for such Purpose to delay the final Close of the Poll and the Return so long as may be necessary.

LIV. And be it enacted, That the Certificate by this Act directed, or in default of its Production the original Affidavit of Registry, shall be conclusive of the Right of voting of the Person named therein; and that the Returning Officer or his Deputy, upon the Production of such Certificate or Affidavit by such Person, and upon his taking the Oaths herein-after mentioned, if required so to do, shall admit such Person to vote without any other Oath or Examination, and shall indorse the Initials of his Name thereon, with the Day and Year when the same was produced; and that no Inquiry whatever as to the Right of voting of such Person shall be permitted to be made, nor shall any Scrutiny be allowed; save only that the Sheriff,

Returning

Poll to commence on the Day the same shall be demanded.

Poll to close when no more than Twenty Persons have polled during the Day.

Certificate to be conclusive of Right of voting; and no Inquiry at Poll, save by Affidavit in Schedule (B.)

C. 88.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

All Election Laws to remain in force, save when altered by this Act.

In case of Dissolution of Parliament before Registry, the new Right of voting shall take effect without Registration.

Penalties on Officers for Breach of Duty.

Not to prejudice Rights of Action against Officers.

Disqualified Persons voting to be subject to Penalties, and

Returning Officer, or his Deputy, shall, if required by any Candidate or his Agent, and he is hereby authorized so to do, immediately before the polling of any Voter, administer to such Voter the Oath in the Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed; and provided also, that the Oath against Bribery may be administered, at the Desire of any Candidate, to any Person tendering his Vote, in like Manner as the same might be administered before the passing of this Act; and provided always, that if such Person so tendering his Vote shall appear by such Certificate to have before voted at such Election, or shall refuse to take the said Oaths or either of them when required so to do, the Sheriff, Returning Officer, or his Deputy shall reject such Vote.

LV. And be it enacted, That all Laws, Statutes, and Usages now in force respecting Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for any County, City, Town, or Borough in Ireland shall, save so far as they are respectively repealed or altered by this Act, remain and they are hereby re-enacted and declared to be in full Force; and that all Elections for any Member or Members to serve in this present Parliament, to be hereafter had, shall be held and made as if this Act had not been passed.

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if a Dissolution of this present Parliament shall take place after the passing of this Act, and before the Termination of the Special Sessions for any County, City, or Town to be first holden under the Provisions of this Act, in such Case such Persons only shall be entitled to vote at the Election of Members to serve in a new Parliament for such County, City, or Town as would have been entitled to register their Votes under this Act if the Day of Election had been the Day for such Registry, and such Person shall be entitled to vote in such Election although they may not be registered according to the Provision of this Act, any thing herein contained notwithstanding.

LVII. And be it enacted, That if any Sheriff, Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, Returning Officer, or other Person shall wilfully contravene or disobey any Provisions of this Act, he shall for each such Offence be liable to be sued for the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered by an Action of Debt or Information, in the Name of His Majesty's Attorney General or any other Person, in any of His Majesty's superior Courts of Record at Dublin; and the Jury may in any such Action find a Verdict for the Sum of One hundred Pounds, or for any Sum not less than Ten Pounds, as they shall think just; and the Defendant against whom such Verdict shall be found shall pay the Amount thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to the Use of His Majesty or of the Person suing.

LVIII. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall in anywise prejudice or affect the Right of any Party grieved by any such Misconduct of any Sheriff, Returning Officer, or other Person, to recover in an Action on the Case for a false Return, or such other Action as such Person may by Law be then entitled to maintain.

LIX. And be it enacted, That if any Person, at the Time of any Election being in the Enjoyment of any Office disqualifying him from voting at such Election, or being otherwise disqualified,

or

A.D. 1832.

26 & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 88.

545

having ceased to be qualified, shall notwithstanding presume to liable to Costs vote at such Election, such Person shall forfeit to His Majesty on Petition to a Sum of One hundred Pounds, and shall be liable to all Penalties, S)ouse0of Forfeitures, and Provisions to which he would have been subject ommons' for such Offence by any Law in force at the Time of committing the same; and in case of a Petition to the House of Commons for altering the Return, or setting aside the Election at which such Person shall have voted, his Vote shall be struck off by the Committee, with such Costs as to them shall seem meet, to be paid by him to the Petitioner.

LX. And be it enacted, That in addition to the Persons now Right of voting qualified to vote at the Election of a Member to serve in Parlia- the Univer-ment for the University of Dublin, every Person, being of the sity of ^ublmit Age of Twenty-one Years, who has obtained or hereafter shall obtain the Degree of Master of Arts, or any higher Degree, or Scholars so a Scholarship or Fellowship in the said University, and whose long as their Name shall be upon the Books of the said University, shall be Names are kept entitled to vote at any Election of a Member or Members to the Books of serve in any future Parliament for the said University so long as 1 e mversity* the Name of such Person shall be kept and continue to be kept, on the Books of the said University as a Member thereof, subject, however, and according to the Rules and Statutes of the said University; provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to vote at any Election of a Member or Members to serve in any future Parliament for the said University by reason of any Degree of a purely honorary Nature.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who now Scholars and is a Master or Bachelor of Arts, or of any higher Degree, or who Fellows who has been a Scholar or Fellow of the said University, and who hav.e ^moved shall have voluntarily removed his Name from the Books of the lace

said University, shall be entitled, within Six Months after the them on the passing of this Act, and not after, to replace the same thereon, Books of the upon Payrpent of the Sum of Two Pounds; and that every University. Person whose Name shall be continued upon the said Books for the Purpose of entitling him to vote at the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said University shall be liable to pay to the said College an annual Sum of One Pound, and no more; and that upon the Refusal of any such Person to pay the annual Sum of One Pound, within One Month after the same shall have been demanded, his Name shall be removed from said Books, and shall not be again replaced thereon.

LXII. And be it enacted, That the Words " City, Town, or Explanation of Borough," used in this Act, shall be construed to include all Terms used. Places, whether corporate or otherwise, entitled to send a Member or Members to Parliament; and that the Words " Returning Officer," used in this Act, shall be construed to include every Person by his Office entitled to preside at the Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, and to include several Persons so entitled.

LXIII. And be it enacted, That no Clergyman shall be per- Clergymen to mitted to vote as such at any Election of a Member or Members ^gl*ter1 f8 to serve in any future Parliament, unless his Name shall have ee oWers* been duly registered as a Freeholder under this Act.

2 & 3 Gul, IV. N n LXIV. And

546

C. 88.

2* & 3° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1832.

Separate Freeholds to be counted, in estimation of Value, as One Freehold.

Abolition of cautionary Notices to Voters.

1 G. 4. c. 11 *

4 G. 4. c. 55.

LXIV. And be it declared and enacted, That every Person entitled to Two or more Freehold Estates or Interests in any County, County of a City, or County of a Town in Ireland, the annual Value whereof shall in the Aggregate amount to Ten Pounds according to the Mode of valuing Freeholds by this Act prescribed for the Qualification of Electors, and who shall in all other respects be duly qualified, shall be admitted to register and vote according to the Provisions of this Act as if said separate Freehold were One Freehold, although no One of such Freehold Estates may be of such annual Value of Ten Pounds according to such Mode of Valuation.

LXV. And whereas by an Act passed in the First Year of His late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of Polls, and for making further Provision touching the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Ireland, it is enacted, that if any Person shall vote at any Election by virtue of the Registry of an alleged Freehold under a Lease of Lands and Tenements for a Life or Lives made by the Lessor, who had not at the

Time of making the same a Freehold Estate therein, or under

a Lease of Lands or Tenements for a Life or Lives, which Lease is to end and determine on some such Covenant or Condition that a Freehold Estate has not been demised by the same, .

or under a Lease of Lands or Tenements for a Life or Lives, or 4 a certain Number of Years, which Life or Lives is or are dead,

or under a Lease of Lands or Tenements for a Life or Lives,

which Lease has expired or been surrendered, after due

Notice not to vote by virtue of any such Registry shall have been given to such Person by any Candidate, or by any Inspector of any Candidate^ and which Notice every Candidate and Inspector is thereby authorized and empowered to give such Person at any Time before or during such Election, or in the Place of polling, such Person, on being convicted thereof,

shall forfeit to any Person who shall sue for the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered by him or them, with Treble Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or at any Assizes that may be held for the County in which such Election shall have taken place: And whereas by an Act passed in the Fourth Year of His late Majesty's Reign,

intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the several Acts then in force, so far as the same relate to the Election and Return of Members to serve in Parliament for Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns in Ireland, a similar Provision is made with reference to such Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns: And whereas the giving of such cautionary Notices by Candidates and Inspectors, at and during the Time of an Election, and in the Place of polling, has been productive in many Cases of vexatious Delays and Inconvenience to Voters, and is inexpedient and unnecessary be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act so much of the said recited Acts of the First and of the Fourth Year of His late Majesty's Reign as.authorizes and empowers every Candidate and Inspector to give such cautionary Notices to Voters at any Time before or during the Elections in Ireland, or in the Place of polling at such Elections, and

as

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 88.

547

as renders it necessary that such Notices shall have been so given to any Person voting by virtue of the Registry of the said therein recited alleged Freeholds, in order to such Person being or becoming subject to and incurring the Penalties thereby imposed, shall be and are hereby repealed: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall exempt or be construed to exempt from such Penalties any Person who at the Election of any Member or Members to serve in Parliament for any County, or County of a City, or County of a Town in Ireland, shall vote by virtue of the Registry of such alleged Freehold as aforesaid; but such Person, on being convicted thereof, notwithstanding the Want of such Notice by any Candidate or Inspector, shall forfeit to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same the said Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered by him or them, with Treble Costs of Suit, by Proceeding in the Nature of Civil Bill, at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace that may be held for the County, or County of the City, or County of the Town in which such Election shall have taken place, or by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Ireland.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall be and are hereby authorized, by Warrant under his or their Hand, to appoint, for the Duty of presiding at the Special Sessions to be first held for registering Voters under this Act, in any County, City, Town, or Borough, or in any Two or more of such Counties, Cities, Towns, or Boroughs, any Barrister or Barristers of not less than Six Years Standing at the Irish Bar to be Assistant to or Deputies of the Assistant Barrister or Chairman; and when Two or more Barristers shall be appointed for the same County, Riding, City, Town, or Borough, they shall attend at the same Place together, but shall sit apart from each other, and hold separate Courts at the same Time for the Dispatch of Business; and that all the Powers, Duties, Rights, and Privileges given or imposed by this Act to or upon any Assistant Barrister or Chairman are and shall be by virtue of such Warrant given to and imposed upon such Assistants or Deputies; and that all Acts to be done by such Deputies or Assistants shall be of the same Efficacy in Law as if done by the Assistant Barrister or Chairman upon whom such Duties would have otherwise devolved under this Act.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Barrister appointed to preside at any Special Sessions under this Act (such Barrister not being an Assistant Barrister or Chairman) shall be paid at the Rate of Five Guineas for every Day that he shall be so employed, over and above his travelling and other Expences; and every such Barrister, after the Termination of his last Sitting, shall lay or cause to be laid before the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland a Statement of the Number of Days during which he shall have been employed, and an Account of the travelling and cither Expences incurred by him in respect of such Employment; and such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall make an Order for the Amount to be paid to such Barrister out of the Consolidated Fund; and in order to provide a Remuneration for the Assistant Barristers or Chairman for the additional Labour imposed on them

Lord Lieutenant may depute Duty of presiding at the Special Sessions to be first held under this Act to Barristers of not less than Six Years Standing.

Compensation to Assistant Barristers, Clerks of Peaces &c.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

548 C. 88.

In what Cases Chairman may perform his Duties by Deputy.

[Act may be amended, &c.]

by this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors to direct that the said Assistant Barristers and Chairman shall be paid, in addition to the Salaries now by them receivable, such yearly Sum, not exceeding in any Case the Sum of One hundred Pounds, at the Discretion of the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, as he or they shall by Warrant under his or their Hand direct, such additional Salaries to be payable at the same Time and in the same Manner as the Salaries of the said Assistant Barristers are now payable.

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in order to enable the Chairman of the Sessions for the County of Dublin to discharge the Duties imposed on him by this Act, with regard to the Registry of Voters in and for the City of Dublin, at such Sessions as are to be holden for that Purpose after the First or Special Sessions for registering Voters, it shall and may be lawful for the Chairman of the Sessions of the County of Dublin to discharge the Duties of such subsequent Registries in and for the City of Dublin by a sufficient Deputy, to be appointed by such Chairman for that Purpose, and which Deputy shall be a Barrister of Six Years Standing at the least at the Irish Bar, and shall be approved of by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland; and that all the Powers, Duties, Rights, and Privileges given or imposed by this Act upon such Chairman respecting such Registries are and shall be, by virtue of such Appointment and Approbation as aforesaid, given to and imposed on such Deputy; and that all Acts done by such Deputy respecting such Registries in and for the said City of Dublin shall be of the same Efficacy in Law as if done by the said Chairman himself; and such Deputy shall, at the End of each Sessions, be paid and remunerated in the same Manner and at the same Rate as any other Deputy appointed to register Votes under this Act.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULES to which the foregoing Act refers. SCHEDULE (A.)

List of Assistant Barristers and Chairman before whom Sessions for registering Votes in each City, Town, or Borough are to held.

SESSIONS FOR

BEFORE

Armagh Borough Athlone Borough Bandon Bridge Borough Belfast Borough Carlow Borough Carrickfergus Borough Cashel Borough -

Clonmel Borough

Assistant Barrister of Armagh County.

Assistant Barrister of Westmeath County.

Assistant Barrister of West Riding of Cork County. Assistant Barrister of Antrim County.

Assistant Barrister of Carlow.

Assistant Barrister of Antrim County.

Assistant Barrister of Tipperary County.

Assistant Barrister of Tipperary County.

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 88.

549

SESSIONS FOR

BEFORE

Coleraine Borough Cork City

Downpatrick Borough Drogheda Borough -Dublin City Dundalk Borough Dungannon Borough Dungarvan Borough Ennis Borough Enniskillen Borough Galway Town Kilkenny City Kinsale Borough Limerick City Lisburn Borough Londonderry City Mallow Town Newry Borough Portarlington Borough Ross (New) Borough Sligo Borough Tralee Borough - -Waterford City -Wexford Borough Youghal Borough

Assistant Barrister of Londonderry County. Assistant Barrister of East Riding of Cork County. Assistant Barrister of Down County.

Assistant Barrister of Louth County.

Chairman of Sessions of County of Dublin. Assistant Barrister of Louth County.

Assistant Barrister of Tyrone County.

Assistant Barrister of Waterford County.

Assistant Barrister of Clare County.

Assistant Barrister of Fermanagh County.

Assistant Barrister of Galway County.

Assistant Barrister of Kilkenny County.

Assistant Barrister of East Riding of Cork County. Assistant Barrister of Limerick County.

Assistant Barrister of Antrim County.

Assistant Barrister of Londonderry County. Assistant Barrister of East Riding of Cork County. Assistant Barrister of Down County.

Assistant Barrister of Queen's County.

Assistant Barrister of Wexford County.

Assistant Barrister of Sligo County.

Assistant Barrister of Kerry County.

Assistant Barrister of Waterford County.

Assistant Barrister of Wexford.

Assistant Barrister of East Riding of Cork County.

SCHEDULE (B.)

Oath to be taken by Voters at Polling, before Returning Officer, Sheriff, or his Deputies, if required on behalf of any Candidate.

I A.B. do swear, [or, being a Quaker, do affirm,] That I am the same [A.B.-\ whose Name appears registered in the Certificate or Affidavit now produced; and that my Qualification as such registered Voter still continues; and that I have not before voted at this Election; and [in the Case of Householders in Cities, Towns, and Boroughs,] that not more than One Half Year's Grand Jury or Municipal Cesses, Rates, or Taxes are now due or payable by me in respect of the Premises in this Certificate mentioned.

SCHEDULE (C.) No. 1.

Form of Notice for holding the first Session for registering Voters under this Act.

County City

Town >of [as the Case may be.-\

or

Borough J

Notice is hereby given, That a Session for the Purpose of registering the Names of Persons entitled to vote at the Election of

Nn3 Members

550

C. 88.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV.

AD, 1832.

Members [or a Member] to serve in Parliament for the County of [or the City of or the County of the Town of or the Borough of as the

Case maybe\ pursuant to an Act passed in the Second and Third Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth, will be holden at in the said County of [or City of

or the County of the To\vn of or

Borough of as the Case may be, -] on the

Day of next, by and before the Assistant Barrister

of the County of [or before the Chairman or Bar-

rister, as the Case may be, -\ at which Time and Place Applications of Persons claiming to be entitled to vote at such Elections will be received and taken into consideration.

Dated this Day of

Clerk of the Peace of the said County or [or County of the City, or County of the Town.]

SCHEDULE (C.) No. 2.

Form of Notice to be given of Application to be registered as a Voter for a County, City, Town, or Borough.

Sir,

Take Notice, That it is my Intention to apply to be registered as a Person entitled to vote at Elections of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for the County of [or for the City, Town, or Borough] of and the Particulars

of my Claim are as follows:

Name, Description, and Residence of Applicant In what Right claiming. Description of Property, if the same be in respect of Property, with Name of Barony, Townland, Parish, Street, or Denomination, or Place where situate. Yearly Value to be registered.

X. Y. of Yeoman, &c. Freeholder. Leaseholder. Householder. Freeman. Rent-charge.

SCHEDULE (C.) No. 3.

List of Applications to be entered by the Clerk of the Peace.

No. Name, Description, and Residence of Applicant. Description of Property, with Name of Townland, Parish, Street, &c., and Right in which Registry is claimed. Yearly Value to be registered.

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 88.

551

SCHEDULE (C.) No. 4.

Oath of Freeholders registering a Freehold of the Value of Twenty Pounds or upwards, not arising from a Rent-charge, in any County, City, or Town.

I A.B. of in the County [or of

in the City, Town, or Borough of ] Esquire,

Clerk, [or os the Description «,] do swear, That 1 am a Freeholder in the County, City, or Town of and that I have

now a Freehold therein arising from a House [or Houses, Lands, or both or other Hereditaments, as the Case may be,] lying and being at [naming the Street or Place where such

House or Houses or other Hereditaments shall be situate or arise'] in the County [City or Town] of of the

clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or Twenty Pounds, [as the Case may be,] at the least, above all Rent and Charges payable out of the same, except only Public or Parliamentary Taxes, County, Church, or Parish Cesses or Rates; and that the said Freehold does not arise from a Rent-charge; and that I have not accepted or procured the said Freehold fraudulently, nor in exchange for any Freehold in any other County, City, Town, or Borough. So help me GOD.

SCHEDULE (C.) No. 5.

Oath to be taken by Rent-charger in any County, City,

or Town.

I A.B. of in the County [or City or Town]

of Esquire, [or as the Description «,] do

swear, That I am a Freeholder in the County of the City [or Town] of and that I have a Freehold therein

of the clear yearly Value of Twenty Pounds at the least above all Charges payable out of the same, consisting of a Rent-charge granted by Deed or Instrument bearing Date the Day of in the Year by A. B *

of on the Lands of [naming

the Lands, House or Houses, or other Hereditaments mentioned ip such Deed] in the County, City [or Town] of;

and that I am in the Possession thereof to the clear Amount of Twenty Pounds yearly, and am entitled to receive the same as it becomes due, to and for my own sole Use and Benefit; and that I have not procured or accepted the same fraudulently, nor in exchange for a Freehold in any other County [City or Town].

So help me GOD.

SCHEDULE (C.) No. 6.

Oath of Freeholder registering a Freehold of the annual Value of Ten Pounds in any County, City, or Town.

I E.F. of in the County [City or Town]

of Yeoman, [or as the Case may be,] do

swear, That I am a Freeholder of the County [County of the City or the Town] of and that I have

a Freehold therein arising from a House [or Houses, Land, or

N n 4? both,

552

C. 88.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 182.

both, as the Case may be, -\ of the clear yearly Value of Ten Pounds above all Rent and Charges payable out of the same, except only Public or Parliamentary Taxes, County, Parish, or Church Cesses or Rates, and Cesses on any Townland or Division of any Parish or Barony, lying and being at {naming the Townland or Townlands or other Denominations by which the Place is generally known, and the Barony or Baronies, or the Parish, and Street or Streets of the County, City, or Town, as the Case may be, wherein it is situate,] in the County, City [or Town] of; and that the said Freehold does not

arise from a Rent-charge, and that the same arises by virtue of the Deed, Lease, or Instrument bearing Date the Day of in the Year [or otherwise

stating the Nature of the Title, as the Case may be"]; and that I am in the actual Occupation thereof by residing thereon, [or by tilling or by grazing, or by both tilling and grazing, as the Case may be]; [and where the Freehold is held by any Deed, Lease, or Instrument, adding these Words, and that the Freehold is not let or agreed to be let to the Person or Persons who executed the said Deed or Instrument, or to the Heirs or Assigns of such Person or Persons, or to any one in Trust for him, her, or them, nor do I intend to let the same or any Part thereof to such Person or Persons, or any of them, and that I have not agreed to let it for the Term for which I hold it]; and that I have not procured or accepted the said Freehold fraudulently, nor in exchange for a Freehold in any other County, City, or Town.

So help me GOD.

SCHEDULE (C.) No. 7.

Oath of Leaseholder registering a Leasehold in any County, City, or Town.

I E.F. of in the County {or City or Town]

of Farmer [or as the Case may be] do swear.

That I do now hold the Lands of [or as the Case may be, describing the Tenement], situate, lying, and being at under

a Lease [Deed or Instrument, as the Case may be,] bearing Date the Day of in the Year by and between; and that such Leasehold is now of the clear yearly Value of Twenty Pounds [or Ten Pounds, as the Case may be,] over and above all Rent and Charges payable out of the same, except only Public or Parliamentary Taxes, County, Church, or Parish Cesses or Rates, and Cesses upon any Townland or Division of any Parish or Barony; and that the said Leasehold does not arise from a Rent-charge; and that I have not accepted or procured the said Leasehold fraudulently, nor in exchange for any Freehold or Leasehold in any other County, City, or Town, {and if the said Leaseholder be the Lessee or Assignee of a derivative Term, or under Lease,] that I am in the actual Occupation thereof. So help me GOD.

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3 GULIELMI IV. C. 88.

553

SCHEDULE (C.) No. 8.

Oath to be taken by Householders registering as Voters in any City, Town, or Borough.

I E.F. of in the City [Town or Borough]

of Merchant, [or, , fyc. c. as the Case may bey] do

swear, That I am, and have been for Six Calendar Months last past, in Possession and actual Occupation of the House, Warehouse, , fyc. c.

[describing the Premises], situate at in the said City [Town or Borough]; and that the said Premises are bona fide of the clear yearly Value of not less than Ten Pounds [or Five Pounds, as the Case may be]; and that not more that One Half Year's Grand Jury or Municipal Cesses, Rates, or Taxes are now due or payable by me in respect to the said Premises or any Part thereof. So help me GOD.

SCHEDULE (C.) No. 9.

Oath to be taken by Resident Freemen and Forty-shilling Freeholders whose Rights are saved.

I A.B. of in the City [or Town or Borough]

of Merchant [or, , fyc. c. as the Case may be,] do swear,

That I am a Freeman or other Corporate Officer [os the Case may be] of the said City, [Town or Borough,] having a Right to vote at Elections for the said City [#c.] of [or that 1

am a registered Forty-shilling Freeholder having a Right to vote at Elections for the said City, , fyc. c. of as the

Case may be]; and that I am, and for the last Six Months have been, a Resident within the said City [#c.] of or

within Seven Statute Miles of the usual Place of Election in the said City [Town or Borough, as the Case may be.]

So help me GOD.

SCHEDULE (D.) No. 1.

Certificate of Rent-charger Freeholder or Leaseholder. County City

Town V of [as the Case may be.]

or

Borough.

This is to certify, that A.B. of in this

County, [City or Town, as the Case may be,] Clerk, [Merchant, Gentleman, Farmer, Yeoman, , fyc. c. as the Case may be,] was this Day duly registered before me as a Voter for this [County, , fyc. c. as the Case maybe,] in right of a Rent-charge Freehold [or Leasehold, as the Case may be] of the yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or Twenty Pounds, or Ten Pounds, or [as the Case may be], situate at [describing the Townland and Place, &c.] in this County, I City, &c.]

O. Judge, Chairman, or Assistant Barrister. 0. Clerk of the Peace.

Certificate, No.

[#c.]

554

C. 88, 89.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

SCHEDULE (D.) No. 2. Certificate of Householder.

[a$ the Case may be.-\

This is to certify, That A.B. of in this

was this Day duly registered before me as a Voter for this City [Town or Borough, as the Case may be-] in right of his House, , fyc. c. situate at [describing the Place and Situation]. Dated this Day of

O. Judge, Chairman, Assistant Barister, or Barrister, <Src.

O. Clerk of the Peace.

Certificate, No.

[#c.]

City

Town

or

Borough

}of

SCHEDULE (D.) No. 3.

Certificate of Freemen, &c.

[as the Case may he.]

This is to certify, That A.B, of in this

Yeoman [or as the Case may be] was this Day duly registered before me as a Voter for this City [Town or Borough, as the Case may fo,] in right of his being a Resident Freeman [or Resident Forty-shilling Freeholder, as the Case may be.] Dated this Day of at

O. Judge, Chairman, Assistant Barrister, or Barrister, , fyc. c.

O. Clerk of the Peace.

Certificate, No.

[#c.]

City Town or

BoroughJ

of

CAP. LXXXIX.

2 & 3 W. 4. C. 88.

An Act to settle and describe the Limits of Cities, Towns, and Boroughs in Ireland, in so far as respects the Election of Members to serve in Parliament.

[7th August 1832.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in this present Session of

* Parliament, intituled An Act to amend die Representation of the People of Ireland, it is amongst other things provided, that

each of the Cities, Towns, and Boroughs returning a Member or Members to serve in Parliament should, for the Purposes ' of the said recited Act, include the Place or Places respectively which should be comprehended within the Boundaries ' of each of the said Cities, Towns, and Boroughs respectively, 1 as such Boundaries should be settled by an Act to be passed ' for that Purpose in this present Parliament, which Act, when

passed, should be deemed and taken to be Part of the said 6 recited Act, as fully and effectually as if the same were incorporated therewith: And whereas the Act so to be passed for ' settling and describing the Boundaries of Cities, Towns, and

Boroughs,

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 89.

555

Boroughs, as in the said recited Act is mentioned, is this present Act: And whereas the several Cities, Towns, and Boroughs *- whereof the Boundaries were so to be settled and described, as

in the said recited Act is mentioned, are the several Cities, 4 Towns, and Boroughs which are specified in the Schedule to ' this Act annexed; be it therefore enacted and declared by the King s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Cities, Towns, Boroughs, and Places specified in the Schedule to this Act annexed shall, as to the Election of Members or a Member to serve in Parliament, respectively include the Places and be comprised within the Boundaries which in such Schedule are respectively specified and described in conjunction with the Names of such Cities, Towns, Boroughs, and Places respectively.

II. And be it enacted, That, subject to any Direction to the contrary, the following Rules shall be observed in the Construction of the several Descriptions of Boundaries contained in the said Schedule hereto annexed; (that is to say,)

1. — That the Words " Northward," 44 Southward," 44 Eastward, "

44 Westward," shall respectively be understood to denote only the general Direction in which any Boundary proceeds from the Point last described, and not that such Boundary shall continue to proceed throughout in the same Direction to the Point next described:

2. — That when any Road is mentioned merely by the Name of the Place to which such Road leads, the principal Road thither from the City, Town, or Borough of which the Boundary is in course of Description shall be understood:

3. — That whenever a Line is said to be drawn from, to, or

through an Object, such Line shall, in the Absence of any Direction to the contrary, be understood to be drawn from, to, or through the Centre of such Object, as nearly as the Centre thereof can be ascertained:

4. — That every Building through which or through any Part

whereof any Boundary hereby established shall pass shall be considered as within such Boundary:

5. — That whenever any Boundary by this Act established is said

to pass along any other Boundary, or along any Road, Lane, Path, River, Stream, Canal, Drain, Brook, or Ditch, the Middle (as nearly as the same can be ascertained) of such other Boundary, or of such Road, Lane, Path, River, Stream, Canal, Drain, Brook, or Ditch shall, in the Absence of any Direction to the contrary, be understood:

6. — That the Middle of any Road or Lane shall be understood

as the Middle of the Carriageway along the same:

7. — That when any Boundary by this Act established is said to

proceed along a Road, Lane, Path, River, Stream, Canal, or Drain, from or to any Object, such Boundary shall be understood to proceed from or to that Point in the Middle of such Road, Lane, Path, River, Stream, Canal, or Drain from which the shortest Line would be drawn to the

Centre

Cities, &c. shall, as to Elections, include the Places and be comprised within the Boundaries specified in the Schedule.

Rules of Construction to be observed in interpreting Schedule.

556

Respecting detached Portions of Parishes, &c.

Misnomer or Misdescription not to abridge

C. 89. 20 & 30 GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832

Centre of such Object, as nearly as the Centre thereof can be ascertained:

8. That the Point at which any Fence, Hedge, Wall, Boundary,

Road, Lane, Path, River, Stream, Canal, Drain, Brook, or Ditch is said to cut, meet, join, cross, reach, or leave any Boundary, Road, Lane, Path, Wall, River, Stream, Canal, Drain, Brook, or Ditch shall, in the Absence of any Direction to the contrary, be understood as that Point at which a Line passing along the Middle of the Boundary, Road, Lane, Path, Wall, River, Stream, Canal, Drain, Brook, or Ditch so cut, met, joined, crossed, reached, or left, would be intersected by a Line drawn along the Middle of the Fence, Hedge, Wall, Boundary, Road, Lane, Path, River, Stream, Canal, Drain, Brook, or Ditch so catting, meeting, joining, crossing, reaching, or leaving, if such Line were prolonged sufficiently far:

9. — That when a Line is said to be drawn to a Road, Lane,

River, Stream, or Canal, such Line shall, in the Absence of any Direction to the contrary, be considered as prolonged to the Middle of such Road, Lane, River, Stream, or Canal:

10. — That by the Words " Sea " and " Sea Coast " shall be understood the Low-water Mark:

11. — That if any Deficiency shall be found to exist in the Line of any Boundary described in the said Schedule to this Act annexed, by reason of the Intervention of any Space between any Two immediately consecutive Points, such Deficiency shall be supplied by a straight Line to be drawn from the one to the other of such Two immediately consecutive Points.

III. And be it further enacted, That notwithstanding the Generality of any Description contained in the said Schedule to this Act annexed, no City, Town, or Borough or Place, the Contents whereof are specified in such Schedule, shall include any Part of any Parish, Townland, Manor, Lordship, Barony or Half Barony, or Liberty, which is detached from the main Body of such Parish, Townland, Manor, Lordship, or Barony or Half Barony, or Liberty, if by reason of including such detached Part the Boundary hereby established of such City, Town, or Borough or Place would not be continuous, unless such detached Part shall before the passing of this Act have formed Part of such City, Town, or Borough or Place, for the Purpose of the Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament; but that all Extra-parochial Places which are surrounded by any Parish, Townland, Manor, Lordship, or Liberty, of which any City, Town, or Borough or Place is said in such Schedule to consist, shall be considered as included within such City, Town, or Borough or Place, for the Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament; and that all Places locally situate or included within the Boundaries of any City, Town, or Borough, as defined under this Act, shall for the Purposes of this Act only be deemed and taken to be a Part or Parts of such City, Town, and Borough.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Misnomer or inaccurate Description contained in this Act, or in the Schedule

hereto

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 89.

557

hereto annexed, shall in anywise prevent or abridge the Operation of this Act with respect to the Subject of such Description, provided the same shall be so designated as to be commonly understood; and that for the Purpose of identifying the Descriptions contained in the said Schedule with the Subjects of such Descriptions respectively, such Descriptions shall, if such Construction should be necessary, be held to apply to such Subjects as they existed on the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or altered by any Act or Acts to be passed during this present Session of Parliament.

Operation of Act; and Description to relate to 1st Jan. 18S2.

Act may be altered this Session.

SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Act refers.

1. — ARMAGH.

Armagh. — From Mr. Carroll's Windmill on the West of the City in a straight Line in the Direction of the Spire of Grange Church to the Point at which such straight Line cuts the new Dungannon Road; thence in a straight Line in the Direction of the Eastern Dome of the Observatory to the Point at which such straight Line cuts the Boundary of the Grounds attached to the Observatory; thence, Eastward, along the Boundary of the Grounds of the Observatory to the Point at which the same meets the Road to the Deanery; thence in a straight Line to the Magazine near the Infantry Barracks; thence in a straight Line, through a Point on the Rich Hill Road which is distant Twenty-five Yards (measured along the Rich Hill Road) to the East of the South-eastern Corner of the Infantry Barracks, to a Point which is One hundred and thirty Yards beyond the said Point on the Rich Hill Road; thence in a straight Line in the Direction of the South-eastern Angle of the Palace to the Point at which such straight Line cuts the Demesne Wall; thence, Northward, along the Demesne Wall to the Point at which the same leaves the Boundary of the Corporation Land; thence. Northward, along the Boundary of the Corporation Land to the Point at which the same meets the Monaghan Road; thence in a straight Line to Mr. Carroll's Windmill.

2. — ATHLONE.

Athlone. — From the Point at which the Southern End of the Canal joins the River Shannon, along the Canal, to the Point at which the Northern End thereof joins the River Shannon; thence along the River Shannon to the Point at which the same is met by the North-western Inclosure Wall of the Barracks; thence in a straight Line to the Angle in the Hare Island Road at which the same turns Northward, and ac which there are Two Gateways with Pillars opposite each other; thence in a straight Line to a Gateway with Pillars on the Ballymahon Road, about Twenty Yards to the East of the Glebe Wall; thence in a straight Line to the Northeastern Corner of the Wall of the Townland called Anchor's Bower; thence. Southward, along the Wall of Anchor's

Bower

558

C. 89.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Bower to the Point at which the same meets the old Dublin Road; thence in a straight Line in the Direction of Mr. Dawson's House in Bunavally to the Point at which such straight Line cuts a small Bye Road which runs into the Dublin Road; thence along the said small Bye Road to the Point at which the same joins the Dublin Road; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Brideswell Bog Road is joined by a Bye Road leading thereto from the East, about Three hundred Yards from the Point at which the Brideswell Bog Road leaves the Dublin Road; thence in a straight Line in the Direction of the Chimney of Mr. Robinson's Distillery to the Point at which such straight Line cuts the River Shannon; thence along the River Shannon to the Point first described.

3. — BANDON.

Bandon. — From the Point at whiph the Eastern Road to Mac-room leaves the old or Northern Road to Cork, in a straight Line in a Westerly Direction, to the North-western Corner of Mr. Swanson's Garden; thence along the Wall of the said Garden to the South-western Corner thereof; thence in a straight Line across the River Bandon, and across the Ennis-kane Road, to the Point at which the old Road to Clona-kilty is joined by a Bye Road which runs thereto from the new Road to Clonakilty; thence along the said Bye Road to the Point at which the same joins the new Road to Clonakilty; thence towards Bandon, along the new Road to Clonakilty, to that Point thereof which is nearest to the Northern Pillar of the Gate of Mr.M'Creight*s House; thence in a straight Line to the said Northern Pillar; thence in a straight Line across the Centre Kilbritten Road to the Point at which the Eastern Kilbritten Road is joined by a small Bye Road running Westward to the Fields, about Three hundred and thirty Yards to the South of the Point at which the Eastern Kilbritten Road leaves the Inneshannon Road; thence in a straight Line to the Southern Corner, on the Ballinade Road, of the Premises of Mr. Ormond's Distillery; thence, Eastward, along the Boundary of the Premises of Mr. Ormond's Distillery to the Point at which the same meets the Southernmost Road to Innishannon; thence in a straight Line across the River Bandon to the Point at which the old Innishannon Road is joined by a Bye Road which runs North-west in the Direction of the Kilbrogan Chapel; thence in a straight Line to the Northern Pillar of a Gateway on the old Cork Road, about Four hundred and thirty Yards to the North of the Point at which the same leaves the Innishannon Road; thence in a straight Line to the Point first described.

4. — BELFAST.

Belfast. — From the Point on the South-east of the Town at which the Blackstaff River joins the River Lagan, up the BlackstafF River, to the Point at which the same is joined by a small Stream which washes the Wall of Mr. Campbell's 2 Cotton

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 89.

559

Cotton Works; thence up the said small Stream to the Point at which the same would be cut by a straight Line to be drawn from the Chimney of Mr. Campbells Cotton Works to an old Fort on the West of the Town, in a Field belonging to Mr. Elliot, near a Brickfield on the Left of the old Lodge Road; thence in a straight Line to the said old Fort; thence in a straight Line to the South-western Angle of the Graveyard which is to the West of the Infantry Barracks; thence along the Southern Wall of the said Grave-yard to the Point at which the same makes an Angle; thence in a straight Line to the South-western Angle of the Enclosure of the Infantry Barracks; the Dce along the Western Enclosure Wall of the Infantry Barracks to the Northern Extremity thereof; thence along a Ditch which is the Boundary of the Ordnance Land to the Point at which the same reaches the Southwestern Angle of the Enclosure of the Artillery Barracks; thence along the Western Enclosure Wall of the Artillery Barracks, and along a Ditch in continuation of the Direction thereof, to the Point at which such Ditch meets a Road which leads from the Ballynure Road into the old Carrickfergus Road; thence along the Road so leading into the old Carrickfergus Road to the Point at which the same joins the old Carrickfergus Road; thence, Northward, along the old Carrickfergus Road to the Point at which the same meets the Mile Water; thence down the Mile Water to the Point at which the same joins the River Lagan; thence along the River Lagan to the Point first described; also beyond the Lagan, the Townland of Ballymacarrett.

5. — CARLOW.

Carlow. — From the Point below the Town at which the River Barrow is met by the Southern Wall of the Grounds of the House belonging to Mr. Carey, Adjutant to the Carlow Militia, Eastward, along the said Wall to the Point at which the same meets the Kilkenny Road; thence in a straight Line to the Southern Corner of the Infirmary; thence in a straight Line to the Point a little above the Barracks at which the River Burren is joined by a small Stream; thence up the said Stream, and across the Tullow Road, to the Point at which the same Stream is met by a Hedge which runs down thereto from opposite the Southern End of the Plantation attached to the House on the Baltinglass Road which belongs to Mr. Hunt and is occupied by Mr. Butler; thence along the said Hedge to the Point at which the same meets the Baltinglass Road; thence in a straight Line in the Direction of the Cupola of the Lunatic Asylum to the Point at which such straight Line cuts a Road which runs between the Baltinglass Road and the Dublin Road; thence in a straight Line to a Gate on the Eastern Side of the Dublin Road which is distant about One hundred Yards to the North of the North-eastern Corner of the Enclosure Wall of the Lunatic Asylum; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Road to Athy is met by the North Boundary of the Demesne of the Roman Catholic Bishop; thence along

560

C. 89.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

the said Boundary till it meets the River at the Point; thence along the River to the North Comer of the Wall of the Burial Ground; thence in a straight Line to the Spire of Graigue Church; thence in a straight Line to the Summer House in Mr.Wilson's Garden; thence in a straight Line to the Point first described.

6. — C ARRICKFERGUS.

Carrickfergus. — The County of the Town of Carrickfergus.

7. — CASHEL.

Cashel. — The whole of the District under the Jurisdiction of the Mayor; and in addition thereto,

The Space which lies between the Boundary of the said Jurisdiction and a straight Line to be drawn from the North-eastern Corner of the Enclosure Wall of the Charter School on the Dublin Road, in a South-easterly Direction, to the Point at which the Southernmost Kille-naule Road is met by a Wall which runs thereto from the Northernmost Fethard Road, and which Point is about One hundred and seventy-six Yards Northwest of the Point at which the Southernmost Killenaule Road leaves the Northernmost Fethard Road;

And also the Space which lies between the Boundary of the said Jurisdiction and the following Boundary; (that is to say,) From the Point on the West of the Town at which the Boundary of the old Borough is met by a Wall which runs therefrom, first Westward and then Northward, to the Golden Road, Westward, along the said Wall to the Point at which the same meets the Golden Road; thence, Eastward, along the Golden Road (for about Twenty-two Yards) to the Point at which the same is met by a Ditch and Wall at the End of a Porter's Lodge; thence along the said Ditch and Wall (which bend Eastward) for about Seventy Yards; thence along the Continuation of the last-mentioned Ditch, Northward, for about One hundred Yards; thence along a Garden Wall continuing in the same Direction, Northward, for about One hundred and thirty Yards, to the Point at which the same meets a Wall which ' runs Westward therefrom; thence, Westward, along the last-mentioned Wall (for about Fifty-five Yards) to the Point at which the same meets a Wall which bends round Eastward to the Camas Road; thence along the last-mentioned Wall to the Point at which the same meets the Camas Road; thence along the Road which leads from the Camas Road into the Armel Road to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the old Borough.

8. — CLONMEL.

Clonmel. — From the Point at which the Western Enclosure Wall of the House of Industry meets the River Suir, along the said Western Wall to the Point at which the same meets Marl Street; thence along Saint Stephen's Lane to the Point at which the same meets the old Cahir Road; thence, East-8 ward.

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 89.

661

ward, along the old Cahir Road to the Point at which the same is met by a Lane running Northward; thence, Northward, along the said Lane to the Point at which the same is met by the first Bank on the Right; thence, Eastward, along the said Bank to the Point at which the same is met by a Lane coming from the North and turning to the East; thence, Eastward, along the last-mentioned Lane to the Point at which the same meets Heywood Street; thence along a Bank which runs Eastward from a House a little to the South of the Point last described to the Point at which the said Bank meets a small Bye Lane leading into the Cashel Road; thence along the said Bye Lane to the Cashel Road; thence, Southward, along the said Cashel Road to the Point at which the same is met by the Southern Boundary Wall of the Park or Pleasure Grounds of Mr. David Mal-colmson; thence along the said Boundary Wall to the Point where the said Wall meets Upper Johnson Street; thence. Eastward, along Backbone Lane to the Extremity thereof; thence to a Point in the new Road to Fethard, which Point is Sixty-four Yards to the North of the Spot at which the said Road is crossed by Bonlie Lane; thence, Southward, for Sixty-four Yards, to the said Spot where the Fethard Road is crossed by Bonlie Lane; thence, Eastward, along Bonlie Lane for about Six hundred and forty-four Yards, to a Point at which the same is met by a Bank on the Right opposite a small House; thence, Southward, along the said Bank for the Distance of about Two hundred and nine Yards to the Point where it is met by another Bank running Eastward; thence, Eastward, along the last-mentioned Bank for about Fifty Yards to a Point where the same makes an Angle in turning to the South; thence, Southward, for about Fifty Yards along a Bank which leads to a Bye Road to Powers Town until the said Bank reaches the said Bye Road; thence, Eastward, along the said Bye Road for the Distance of about Two hundred and seventeen Yards to the Spot where it is met by the first Bank on the Right; thence in a straight Line to the most Northern Point of a Bank on the Southern Side of the Dublin Road, which Point is distant about Four hundred and sixty-four Yards from a Stone in Barrack Street which marks the South-eastern Corner of the Ordnance Land; thence along the last-mentioned Bank to the Point at which the same meets the River Suir; thence along the Southernmost Channel of the River Suir as far as Moores Island; thence along the Channel of the same to the North of Moore s Island to the Point first described.

9. - COLERAINE.

Coleraine. — East of the River Bann. — The Townland called u Coleraine and Suburbs."

West of the River Bann. — From the Point at which the Northern Bank which bounds the Plantation of Jackson Hall meets the River Bann, Westward, along the said Bank to the End thereof; thence along another Bank which runs nearly in continuation of the before-mentioned Bank to the Point 2 & 3 Gul. IV. O o where

562

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

where the same meets the Ballycairn Road; thence in a straight Line to the Point where the Downhill Road leaves the old Road to New Town Limavady; thence to the Point where the Three Townlands of North Ballinteer, Church-land, and Lismurphy meet; thence along the Boundary between the Townlands of Church-land and Lismurphy to the River Bann.

10. — CORK.

Cork. — The County of the City of Cork.

11. — DOWNPATRICK.

Downpatrick. — The Demesne of Down.

12. — DROGHEDA.

Drogheda. — The County of the City of Drogheda.

13. — DUBLIN.

Dublin. — The County of the City of Dublin, and such Parts of the County at large as lie within the Circular Road.

14. — DUNDALK.

Dundalk. — From the Point on the East of the Town, about Eight hundred Yards from the Enclosure Wall of the Cavalry Barracks, at which a Road which runs from the Sea-shore through the Marshes to Black Rock leaves the Sea-shore, along such Road to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Lower Marsh Townland; thence, Westward, along the Boundary of the Lower Marsh Townland to the Point at which the same reaches the Bridge on the Dublin Road; thence in a straight Line for about One hundred Yards in a South-westerly Direction to the nearest Point of the Boundary of the Town Parks; thence, Westward, along the Boundary of the Town Parks to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of Lord Roden's Demesne; thence, Eastward, along the Boundary of Lord Rodens Demesne to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary between the Parishes of Dundalk and Castletown, excluding the whole of the Demesne; thence. Northward, along the Boundary between the Parishes of Dundalk and Castletown to the Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Town Parks at the River; thence, Eastward, along the Boundary of the Town Parks to the Bridge on the Newry Road; thence along the Southern Shore of the Bay of Dundalk to the Point first described.

15. — DUNGANNON.

Dungannon. — From the Point on the South of the Town at which the Boundary between the Drumcoo Townland and the Ballynorthland Demesne meets the Boundary of the Parish of Drumglass, Northward, along the Boundary of the Drumcoo Townland to the Point at which the same meets, close by the Gate leading to Mr. Ship's House in Killymeal, an old Road which leads Westward into the Store Road; thence 9 along

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV,

along such old Road to the Point at which the 6ame joins the Store Road; thence, Northward, along the Store Road to the Point at which the same meets the Cookstown Road; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Gallows Hill Road which is distant Two hundred and twenty Yards (measured along the Gallows Hill Road) to the West of the Point at which the same leaves the Donaghmore Road; thence in a straight Line in the Direction of the Tower of Derrygortreavy Church to the Point at which such straight Line cuts the Boundary of the Parish of Drumglass; thence, Southward, along the Boundary of the Parish of Drumglass to the Point first described.

16 — DUNGARVAN.

The present Borough or Manor of Dungarvan, with the Exception of such Parts of the same as lie entirely detached from the rest; also, in addition to the present Manor, all those Portions of Land, which, though not belonging to the same, are locally situate within it, or entirely surrounded by the Lands of the Manor.

17 — ENNIS.

Ennis — From the Clareen Bridge, in a straight Line in a South-. westerly Direction, to the Point at which the Road round the Hill from Inch Bridge meets the Road to the Hermitage; thence along a Bye Road which runs Southward from the Point last described to the Point (about Two hundred and twenty Yards from the Point last described) at which such Bye Road is met by an Orchard Wall; thence in a straight Line to the Eastern Pier of a Gate on the Inch Bridge Road which is the Entrance to Mr. Crow'jB Farm; thence in a straight Line to the Eastern Pier of a Gate on the Kilrush Road about Two hundred and thirty Yards to the East of the Point at which a Road branches from the Kilrush Road to join the Inch Bridge Road; thence in a straight Line in a South-easterly Direction to the South-western Corner of Mr. Healy's Garden; thence along the Southern Wall of the same Garden to the Point at which the same meets the Clare Road; thence, Northward and Eastward along the Mail Coach Road from Clare (for about Three Quarters of a Mile) to the Point at which the same is met by a Wall on the Northern Side thereof near a Well; thence in a straight Line to the North-western Corner of the Wall which surrounds a Distillery on the Banks of the River Fergus, but not now in use; thence along the last-mentioned Wall, including the Distillery, to the Point at which the same Wall meets the River Fergus; thence in a straight Line in a North-easterly Direction to the Point at which the Spancel Hill or Southern Gort Road is joined by a Cross Road from the Northern Gort Road, and which Point is distant about Four hundred Yards from the Bridge over the River Fergus; thence along the last-mentioned Cross Road to the Point at which the same joins the Northern Gort Road; thence along the same Northern Gort Road for Twenty-five Yards beyond the Point O o 2 last

564

G.89.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832

last described; thence in a straight Line in a North-westerly Direction to the Windmill Stump; thence in a straight Line to the Clareen Bridge.

18. — ENNISKILLEN.

Enniskillen. — The Island of Enniskillen, and also the Spaces included between Lough Erne and the Two following Boundaries, respectively denominated East and West:

East. — From the Westernmost Point of the Townland of Toneystick in a straight Line to the salient Point of the North-western Bastion of the East Fort; thence in a straight Line to the salient Point of the Northeastern Bastion of the same; thence ill a straight Line, in the Direction of the South-western Angle of the County Infirmary, to the Point at which such straight Line cuts the Boundary of the Townland of Toneystick; thence, Southward, along the Boundary of the Townland of Toneystick to the Point at which the same meets Lough Erne.

West. — From the Point at which the Boundary1 between the Townlands of Cole's Hill and Windmill Hill meets Lough Erne, Westward, along the said Boundary to a Point which is distant One hundred Yards (measured along such Boundary) beyond the Point where that Boundary crosses the Florence Court Road; thence in a straight Line to the salient Angle of the Southwestern Bastion of the West Fort; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Boundary between the Townlands of Windmill Hill and Portora meets the Eastern Bank of Lough Galliagh; thence, Northward, along the Eastern Bank of Lough Galliagh to the Point at which the same meets the Church Hill Road; thence, towards the Town, along the last-mentioned Road to the Lodge Gate of Portora School; thence along a Hedge which runs at the Foot of the Lawn of Portora School, Northward, to Lough Erne, to the Point at which the same meets Lough Erne.

19. — GALWAY.

Galway. — The County of the Town of Galway *

20. — KILKENNY.

Kilkenny. — The County of the City of Kilkenny.

21. — KINSALE.

Kinsale. — From the Point on the North-east of the Town at which the new Cork Road crosses the old Cork Road, in a straight Line to the Northern Extremity of Mr. Hurley's Stables; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Road to Bandon River leaves the Road to Bandon; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Blindgate Road meets the Compass Hill Road; thence in a straight Line over Compass Hill to the Westernmost House at the Place

called

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV, C. 89.

called " The World's End thence along the Coast to the Point at which the same is met by the first Bank which runs up the Hill to the East of and beyond the Village of Scilly; thence along the said Bank to the Point at which the same meets the Road from Scilly to Charles Fort; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Harbour Hill Road which is distant One hundred and eighty Yards (measured along the Harbour Hill Road) to the East of the Barrack Wall; thence in a straight Line to the Point first described.

22. — LIMERICK.

Limerick. — The County of the City of Limerick.

23 — LISBURN.

Lisburn. — The several Townlands of Lisnagarvy, Tonagh, and Old Warren, in the Parish of Blaris; also that Portion of the Townland of Lambeg that lies to the West of the River Lagan, and is bounded as follows; namely, on the South and West by the Townland of Lisnagary, on the North between the Belsize Road and the old Belfast Road by a small Stream which is the Boundary of the Townland of Maghreleave, and on the East by the old Belfast Road from the Point where the same crosses the above-mentioned small Stream to the Point where it is met by the Lower Road near Lambeg Glebe; thence along the said Lower Road to the Point where the same is met by " Wheelers Ditchthence along Wheelers Ditch to the River Lagan.

Also the Space contained between the River Lagan and the following Boundary; (that is to say,)

From the Bridge along the Drumbo Road for about Five hundred Yards to the Point at which the same is met by another Road coming out of the Suburb; thence, Eastward, along a Ditch, on the North Side of which Fir Trees are planted for about Two hundred and sixty Yards, to the Point at which the said Ditch meets a Lane running to the River; thence along that Lane to the River.

Also the small Island on the River Lagan in which are situated the Vitrol Works.

Also that Portion of the Townland of Knockmore which has hitherto formed a Part of the Borough.

24. — LONDONDERRY.

Londonderry. — From the Point on the South-west of the City at which Mary Blue's Burn joins the River Foyle* up Mary Blue's Burn to the Point at which the same crosses Stanleyrs Walk; thence, Westward, along Stanley's Walk to the Point at which the same meets a Road which runs nearly parallel to Mary Blue's Burn; thence, Northward, along the last-mentioned Road to the Point at which the same reaches the Entrance Gate to the Bishop's Demesne and Deer Park; thence, Westward, along the Road which proceeds from the said Entrance Gate to the Point at which the same turns South-westward; thence, Northward, along a small Stream O o 3 for

306

a 80.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

for about Seventy Yards to the Point at which the same meets a Bank which skirts the South-eastern Bank of a circular Plantation, and runs up to the Creggan and Burt Road; thence along the Bank so running to the Creggan and Burt Road to the Point at which the same meets the Creggan and Burt Road; thence along a Ditch which runs from the Northern Side of the Creggan and Burt Road, and nearly opposite to the Point last described, to the Point at which the same meets a small Stream; thence in a straight Line to the North-western Corner of the Enclosure Wall of the Lunatic Asylum; thence along the Northern Enclosure Wall of the Lunatic Asylum, and in a Line in continuation thereof* to the Point at which such Line cuts the River Foyle; thence, Southward, along the River Foyle to the Point at which the same is met, on the Eastern Side, by a Ditch or Bank which forms the Southern Boundary of the Pleasure Grounds of Mr, William Bond; thence along the last-mentioned Ditch or Bank to the Point at which the same meets the Newton Limavady Road; thence, Southward, along the Newton Limavady Road for about Ninety Yards to the Point where the said Road joins the old Strabane Road; thence along the old Strabane Road for about Three hundred and ninety Yards to the Point where the same is met by a narrow Road running therefrom to the Tank; thence, Westward, along the last-mentioned narrow Road for about Thirty Yards to the Spot where the same is met by a Bank, now planted with Bushes, Tunning Southward; thence along the last-mentioned Bank to the Spot where the same is met by a Lane running from Waterside up a steep Hill to the old Strabane Road; thence to the nearest Point of a small Stream which is the Boundary between the Townlands of Clooney and Gobnascale; thence down the said Stream for about Seventy Yards to the Point where the same is met by a Lane running South-westward to the Fields; thence along the last-mentioned Lane to the Point where it cuts the Boundary between the Townlands of Gobnascale and Tam-neymore; thence, Westward, along the Boundary between the Townlands of Gobnascale and Tamneymore to the Point at which the same meets the River Foyle; thence, Southward, along the River Foyle to the Point first described.

25. — MALLOW.

Mallow. — From the Easternmost Gate Post (opposite the Park Wall of Mr. Purcell) of a Field on the Kanturk Road, the Entrance to which is distant about One hundred and seventy-six Yards (measured along the Kanturk Road) from the Seneschal's House, in a straight Line to the Gate Post nearest the Turnpike in a Wall on the Southern Side of the old Road which runs a little to the North of the Limerick Road, and which Post is distant about Two hundred and forty-two Yards (measured along the said old Road) to the North-west of the Turnpike; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which a Bye Lane joins the Fair-lane Road, about One hundred and fifty Yards to the North of the

Entrance

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 89.

567

Entrance to the Lime and Salt Works; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Carrigoon Road, which passes under Mr. Jephson's Park Wall, is met by a Fence which divides a Field occupied by Mr. Lynch from a Field occupied by Mr. Carmichael, and which Point is also about Three hundred and seventy-five Yards to the North of a small Door in the Park Wall; thence in a straight Line across the Park to the Westernmost Point at which the Boundary of Mr. Delacour's Pleasure Grounds meets thd Fermoy Road; thence, Westward, along the Boundary of Mr. Delacour's Pleasure Grounds to the Southernmost Point at which the same meets the Boundary of the Garden attached to the Water Mill; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the old Cork Road which is distant Two hundred and twenty-five Yards (measured along the old Cork Road) to the South of the old Turnpike thereon; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the new Cork Road which is distant about Two hundred and ninety Yards (measured along the new Cork Road) to the South of the said old Turnpike, and which Point is at the Commencement of a Nursery Ground; thence in a straight Line in the Direction of the Eastern Corner of Captain Davis's House to the Point at which such straight Line cuts the Blackwater River; thence in a straight Line to the Gate Post first described.

26. — NEWRY.

Newry. — The present Borough of Newry.

27. — PORT ARLINGTON.

Portarlington. — From the Bridge over the Grand Canal on the Monastereven Road, along the, Canal to the Bridge over the same on the Maryborough Road; thence in a straight Line to the Point called Butler's Ford, at which a small Stream crosses the Mountmellick Road; thence in a straight Line to a small Bridge on the Cloniquin Road, which is distant about Five hundred Yards (measured along the Cloniquin Road) to the West of the Point at which the same leaves the Mountmellick Road; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Bog Road which is distant Five hundred Yards (measured along the Bog Road) to the West of the Point at which the same leaves the Rathangan Road; thence, Eastward, along the Bog Road to the Point at which the same joins the Rathangan Road; thence, Southward, along the Rathangan Road to the Bridge on the same over the River Barrow; thence along the River Barrow to that Point thereof which would be cut by a straight Line to be drawn thereto due North from the Bridge over the Canal on the Monastereven Road; thence in a straight Line to the said Bridge on the Monastereven Road.

28. — NEW ROSS.

New Ross. — From the Point on the South of the Town at which the Lower Ballyhack Road is met by the Southern Fence of the Garden of Belle Vue Cottage along such Southern O o 4? Fence

568

C. 89.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV,

A.D. 1832.

Fence to the Eastern Extremity thereof; thence in a straight Line up a steep Hill to the Point at which the Middle Ballyhack Road is joined by a Bye Road which runs East^ ward therefrom, and at which Point there is a Gateway and One Pillar; thence along the said Bye Road to the Point at which the same turns to the South, and which is marked by a Gateway and Two Pillars; thence in a straight Line in an Easterly Direction to the Southern End of the Barn which Stands in a Straw Yard on the Eastern Side of the Upper Ballyhack Road; thence, Northward, along the Upper Ballyhack Road to the Point at which the same meets the Wexford Road; thence, Eastward, along the Wexford Road to the Point at which the same is joined by a Road from Irish Town; thence in a straight Line to the South-western Corner of the Burial Ground at the Eastern Extremity of Irish Town; thence along the Western Boundary of the said Burial Ground to the Point at which the same meets the Irish Town Road; thence, Westward, along the Irish Town Road to the Point at which the same is met by a Lane which runs Northward therefrom on the Eastern Side of Mr. Sutton's House and Brewery; thence, Northward, along the said Lane for about One hundred and thirty Yards to the Point at which the same reaches a Stone Stile; thence in a straight Line to a Gateway on the Mountgarret Road, which is the first on the Eastern Side thereof, to the North of the Point at which the same is joined by a Road from Irish Town; thence in a straight Line in a North-westerly Direction to the Ruins of a Quay or Wharf on the Western Side of the River Barrow; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the Kilkenny Road is joined by the first Bye Road to the West of the Roman Catholic Chapel; thence in a straight Line in a Southerly Direction to the South-western Corner of the, Garden of the House attached to the Mill on the Western Bank of the River Barrow; thence along the Southern Boundary of the last-mentioned Garden to the South-eastern Corner thereof; thence in a straight Line to the Point first described.

29. — SLIGO.

Sligo. — Such Part or Parts of the Town or Precincts of the Town of Sligo as lie or are situate within the Distance of One Mile, Irish Admeasurement, of a certain Spot in Market Street in said Town on which a Building or Erection formerly stood, called the Market Cross, being the Space defined in the Seventeenth Section of an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled " An Act for repealing so much of an Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for cleansing the Ports, Harbours, and Rivers of the City of Cork, and of the Towns of Galway, Sligo, Drogheda, and Belfast, and for erecting a Ballast Office in the said City and each of the said Towns, ' as relates to the Port and Harbour of the Town of Sligo; and for repealing an Act made in the Fortieth Year of the JReign

A.D. 1832.

2° & 30 GULIELMI IV. C. 89.

569

of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and improving the Streets, Quays, Lanes, and Passages in the Town of Sligo in the County of Sligo, for establishing a nightly Watch in the said Town, for supplying the said Town with Pipe Water, and for improving and regulating the Port and Harbour thereof/ and for making better Provision for the paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and improving of the said Town of Sligo, and for regulating the Porters and Carmen employed therein, and for the better Regulation and Improvement of the Port and Harbour thereof, '' as the Part or Parts of the Precincts of the Town of Sligo which shall be or be deemed to be within the Intent and Purview of the said Act of the Forty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for the several Purposes in the said Seventeenth Section specified.

SO. — TRALEE.

Tralee. — From the Milestone on the Killarney Road opposite a Lane which runs Eastward therefrom, in a straight Line to the South-eastern Angle of the Garden Wall of a House which is situate at the South-western Corner of the Barrack Wall; thence, Westward, along the said Garden Wall to the Point at which the same meets another Wall which runs Westward to the End of Mr. Benners Brewery; thence, Westward, along the last-mentioned Wall to the Brewery; thence along the Southern Side of the Brewery to the Mill Race which is beyond it; thence, Northward, along the Mill Race to the Point at which the same meets the Road which leads from the Brewery to Miltown; thence, Westward, along the last-mentioned Road to the Point at which the same meets the Ballymullen River; thence, Northward, along the Ballymullen River to the Point at which the same meets the Miltown Road; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Blennerville Road which is distant Four hundred and forty Yards (measured along the Blennerville Road) to the North of the Point at which the Spa Road leaves the same; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Spa Road which is distant Three hundred and seventy-five Yards (measured along the Spa Road) to the North of the Point at which the same leaves the Blennerville Road; thence in a straight Line to the Northernmost Point at which the new Listowell Road is met by a small Stream which runs alongside thereof from a Pond towards the Town; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the old Listowell Road is joined by the Road which leads to Mr.Batemans Demesne; thence along the old Listowell Road to the Bridge on the same over the Canal; thence in a straight Line to the Milestone first described.

3L — WATERFORD.

Waterford. — The County of the Town of Waterford.

5T0

C. 89.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 182.

32. — WEXFORD.

Wexford. — From the Point on the South-east of the Town at which the Sea-shore is met by a Wall and Footpath which run a few Yards to the North of the Burial Ground which is near the Country House belonging to Mr. Talbot, along the said Wall to the Point at which the same meets the Fayeth Road; thence in a straight Line to the Flagstaff at the Signal Station; thence in a straight Line in the Direction of the Eastern Corner of Cromwell's Fort House to the Point at which such straight Line cuts the Wall of the Pleasure Grounds of Cromwell's Fort House; thence, Northward, along the Wall of the said Pleasure Grounds to the Dun-cormick Road; thence, Westward, still along the Wall of the said Pleasure Grounds, to the Westernmost Point at which the same leaves the Duncormick Road, thus excluding the whole of the said Pleasure Grounds; thence in a straight Line in the Direction of the South-western Corner of the Distillery to the Point at which such straight Line cuts the Road which runs in front of the Distillery; thence along the last-mentioned Road to the Point at which the same crosses the Johnstown Road near the Bridge over the Bishop's Water; thence in a straight Line to the Point close to the Female Orphan House, at which the Northern Duncannon Road is met by a Road which leads therefrom into the New Ross Road; thence along the Road so leading into the New Ross Road to the Ruins of the Southernmost of Two old Windmills; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the New Ross Road which is distant One hundred and sixty Yards (measured along the New Ross Road) to the North-west of the Obelisk; thence in a straight Line to the Northernmost Point at which the Boundary of the Premises of Mr. Scallen, a Brewer, meets the Enniscorthy Road; thence. Westward, along the Enniscorthy Road to an Iron Gate in a Stone Wall distant about Three hundred and sixty Yards from the Centre of the Diocesan School; thence along the Road or Path which leads from the said Iron Gate to the Point at which the same meets the Sea-shore; thence along the Sea-shore to the Point first described.

33. — YOUGHALL.

Youghall. — From the Point to the South of the Town where the new Road to Cork quits the Sea-shore, Northward, in a straight Line to the Point in Windmill Lane where the same is joined by a Bye Road from the North, about Two hundred Yards to tl\e West of the House occupied by Mister Flyn; thence in a straight Line to the South-western Angle of the Ordnance Ground on which the Barracks stand, near the old Cork Road; thence along the Western Fence of the Ordnance Ground to the North-western Angle of the same; thence, Northward, in a straight Line to the Spot where the upper Edge of the great Quarry near Counsellor Feuge's House is cut by a Road which runs through the same to the Mount Uniacke Road; thence along the Road so running

through

571

A.D. 1832. X. & 3° GULIELMI IV. c. 89, 90.

through the Quarry to the Point where the same meets the Mount Uniacke Hoad; thence. Northward, in a straight Line to the Point where a Bye Road which leads from the Mount Uniacke Road to the Waterford Road makes a Turn almost at Right Angles a little to the South of the House called Eustace's Folly; thence, Northward, along the 6ame Road, passing to the West of Eustace's Folly, to the Spot where the same Road meets the Waterford Road; thence in a straight Line to the nearest Point of the Sea-shore; thence along the Sea-shore to the Point first described.

CAP. XC.

An Act to authorize the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to grant Compensation to the Inspectors and Coal Meters of the City of Dublin, and to impose a Rate upon Coals imported into the Port of Dublin, to provide a Fund for such Compensation.

[7th August 1832.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to repeat several Acts of the Parliament of Ireland, imposing Restrictions upon the Coal Trade, and to regulate the same, certainj Acts of Parliament therein mentioned were repealed: And whereas by the said Act it is enacted, that no Porter, Carman, Meter, or Weigh, Master, howsoever licensed or appointed, shall, under any Pretext whatever, interfere in or meddle with the Sale, Measurement, weighing, Delivery, or Storage of Coals, save upon the Request and by Desire of the Buyer or Seller thereof, nor shall any Person sue for, demand, or take any Fee, Payment, or Reward whatsoever, under Pretext of being so licensed or appointed, 4 save when and so far as he may be employed by such Buyer or Seller as aforesaid; and that it shall and may be lawful to employ, for the weighing, measuring, loading, or Carriage of Coals, any other Person or Persons whatever, and to make with such other Person or Persons any private or special Agreement for his or their Wages or Hire; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: And whereas by the passing of the said Act certain Inspectors of Meters, and certain Meters and Superannuated Meters of Coals in the City of Dublin, in the Schedule to this Act annexed more particularly described,

will lose and be deprived of certain Fees and Payments for the meting and weighing of Coals to which such Inspectors and Meters would otherwise by Law have been entitled: And whereas it is expedient to provide Compensation for such Inspectors and Meters be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to grant to all such Inspectors and Meters who at the Time of the passing the said first-mentioned Act were entitled to such Fees and Payments, a Compensation

2 w. 4. c. 21.

The Treasury may grant Compensation to certain of the Coal Meters of Dublin.

C. 90, -

, 2»&3°GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1833.

Any Sum earned by the Grantee of the Compensation to be deducted from the Amount of it.

The Treasury may require a Return of the Meters Profits.

Four-pence per Ton to be levied upon Coals, not Irish, imported into Dublin.

6 G. 4. c. 107.

Chaldron of Coals equivalent to a Ton and a Half.

No Vessel to discharge her Cargo until the Four-pence is paid.

Coals required for Use of Manufactories iu Dublin exempted.

pensation for the Loss of the same, not exceeding In Amount to any One of them the respective Sums set forth in Figures in the said Schedule.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person hereby entitled to such Compensation shall, by being appointed to any Office under His Majesty's Government, earn and procure for himself any Income or Sum or Sums of Money, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to deduct the Amount of all such Sums so earned and procured from the Compensation hereby permitted to be granted to such Person, and to pay to such Person the Excess of the Compensation above the Sum so earned and procured, and no more.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three of them, to require at any Time from the said Meters a Return of their Fees and Profits as derived from the Metage of Coals, and revise the Compensation granted to such Meters from Time to Time, and alter the same; provided the Compensation to each Class of Meters or to any One of them shall in no Case exceed the Amount specified in the Schedule to this Act annexed.

IV. And for the Purpose of providing a Fund for the Payment of the said Compensation, be it further enacted, That there shall be paid to the Collector of the Customs for the Port of Dublin for the Time being the Sum of Four-pence for every Ton of Coals, not being the Produce of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, imported into the Port of Dublin, and expressed in the Certificate required by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for the general Regulation of the Customs, to be delivered by the Fitters, Coal Owner, or his Agent, to the Collector or Comptroller at the Port of Shipment.

V. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the Quantity in the said last-mentioned Certificate is expressed in Chaldrons that each Chaldron shall be deemed and taken to be equivalent to One Ton and a Half.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Vessel importing Coals into the Port of Dublin shall be permitted by the said Collector to discharge her Cargo or any Part thereof until the said Sum hereby directed to be paid shall have been received by the said Collector; and that all Coals landed from any Vessel before the said Sum shall have been paid shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of Customs, and shall and may be dealt with in the same Manner as any other Goods seized under any Law relating to the Customs.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Coals imported into the said Port of Dublin which shall be intended or purchased for the Use of the Glass, Sugar, and Salt Manufacturers, and for the Use of Distillers, Brewers, Calico Printers, Iron, Brass, and Metal Founders, Paper Manufacturers, Woollen Manufacturers, Linen Manufacturers, Cotton Manufacturers, Stuff Manufacturers, Hat Manufacturers, Dyers, Chemical Workers, and all

other

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 90

573

other Manufacturers requiring the Use of Coal in their respective Manufactories, shall be exempted and discharged from the Payment of the said Sum hereby directed to be paid: Provided always, that the Importer or Purchaser of such Coals, or some Person authorized by such Purchaser, shall at the Time of Entry thereof declare, before the Collector or other chief Officer of the said Port, who is hereby empowered and required to receive such Declaration, that the said Coals are purchased and bona fide intended for the Use of the Glass, Sugar, or Salt Manufactories, Distillers, Brewers, Calico Printers, Iron, Brass, and Metal Founders, Paper Manufacturers, Woollen, Linen, and Cotton Manufacturers, Stuff Manufacturers, Hat Manufacturers, Dyers, Workers, or other Manufacturers requiring the Use of Coal in their Manufactories, and for no other Use whatsoever; and if any Person or Persons shall knowingly declare any thing that is false in such Declaration, he or they shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds: Provided also, that if the said Importer or Purchaser shall sell or use the said Coals, or cause the same to be sold or used, for any other Purpose save 'and except for the Purposes herein-before mentioned, that then and in every such Case such Person or Persons shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; the said several Sums or Penalties of One hundred Pounds to be recovered, levied, and applied in the same Manner as any Penalties inflicted by any Law relating to the Customs may now by Law be recovered, levied, and applied.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Collector of the Customs for the Port of Dublin for the Time being shall from Time to Time duly account for all Sums of Money received by him by virtue of this Act to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them; and shall pay out of such Money so received by him all such Sums in respect of such Compensations to such Persons as the said Commissioners* of His Majesty's Treasury or any Three or more of them shall direct.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all the Sums of Money* levied by virtue of this Act shall be applied to the Payment of the Compensations hereby granted, and to no other Purpose whatsoever *

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby required, from Time to Time to reduce the said Sum hereby to be paid upon Coals so imported as aforesaid to such lesser Sum as may be required for the Purpose of paying the said Compensation; and that when and* as soon as the said several Persons to whom Compensation is granted shall die, or shall otherwise cease to be entitled to receive the same, the said Sums hereby directed to be paid shall be no longer payable or collected.

Importer or Purchaser of such Coals to make Declaration that same are solely intended to be used in such Manufactor ies.

Persons making false Declaration, or using Cods for other Purposes, to forfeit 100/.

Collector of Customs at Dublin duly account for all Money so received.

How Money to be applied.

Sums to be levied may be reduced by the Treasury; and to cease with the Compensations.

574

C. 90» 91.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

SCHEDULE of Annual Payments authorized to be made by virtue of this Act by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, as a Compensation for Loss of Fees to the several Officers following; namely,

£ s. d.

To the Principal Inspector, the annual Sum of To the Inspector and Book-keeper, the annual 1 Sum of - - J To each Meter in Receipt of full Emoluments, the annual Sums following: 112 15 0

236 8 0

16 at - - . — 51 12 0

24 at - - 43 0 0

18 at - -To each Meter appointed to be put on full'i 21 10 0

upon Death or Removal of others, the > annual Sum of - -J 12 0 0

To each superannuated Meter, the annual 1 Sum of - - J 38 0 0

CAP. XCI.

An Act to explain Doubts that have arisen respecting the Stamp Duty payable by Freemen of Corporations entitled by virtue of Trade and Residence in the Corporate Towns and Counties of Cities and Towns in Ireland.

[7th August 1832.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Parliament of Ireland

4 in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of

His late Majesty King George the Third, whereby a Stamp ' Duty of Sixpence each was imposed upon the Admissions of

all Freemen into Corporations, whether claiming by Right or ' Favour, which said Duty was increased to One Shilling each ' by another Statute passed in the Nineteenth and Twentieth

Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty, and was further

1 increased to Two Shillings each by a Statute passed in the

Thirty-seventh Year of His said late Majesty: And whereas c at the Time of or immediately before the Legislative Union ' between Great Britain and Ireland, by a certain other Statute passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His

said late Majesty King George the Third, the Duty payable on ' the Admission of all Freemen into any Corporation or Company

in Ireland, whether entitled by Right or Favour, was fixed and

settled at Ten Shillings each: And whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty-sixth Year of His said late Majesty King George

56 G. 3. c. SB. the Third, intituled An Act to repeal the several Stamp Duties in

Ireland, and also several Acts for the Collection and Management 1 of the said Dudes, and to grant new Stamp Duties in lieu thereof and to make more effectual Regulation for collecting and managing the said Duties, the Stamp Duty payable by Freemen of Corporations was still further increased, (that is to say,) for the

6 Entry

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV,

C. 91, 92.

575

4 Entry or Memorandum of Admission in the Court Book of the Corporation, where the Admission shall be in respect of Birth *

Apprenticeship, or Marriage, One Pound each, and where the same shall be on any other Ground, Three Pounds each: And whereas at all Times since the Enactment of the said lastmentioned Statute, Alien and Foreigner, and His Majesty's Subjects, who by virtue of being engaged in any Trade, Mystery,

or Handicraft are, by any Charter, Bye Law, Usage, or Statute,

entitled to claim or take up the Freedom of any Corporation or Company in Ireland as of Right, have been universally deemed, reputed, and considered as Persons claiming or taking up Freedom by Right of Apprenticeship, and by reason thereof have been uniformly admitted to their Freedom on Payment of the Duty of One Pound each: And whereas Doubts have lately arisen as to the Right of such Persons who, by virtue of being engaged in any Trade, Mystery, or Handicraft, are so entitled to claim or take up their Freedom as aforesaid, being entitled to claim or take up such Freedom upon the same Terms and Conditions and subject to the same Duty as Freemen claiming by

4 Right of Apprenticeship as aforesaid: And whereas, for the better Collection of His Majesty's Revenue, and the more liberal Enjoyment of the said Franchise or Privilege, it is expedient that the said Doubts should be removed:' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Strangers and Aliens, and His Persons who, bj Majesty's Subjects, who, in virtue of being engaged in any Trade, virtue of being Mystery, or Handicraft, are or shall be, by any Charter, Bye engaged in any Law, Usage, or Statute, entitled to claim or take up the Freedom Towm^rT* of any Corporation or Company in Ireland as of Right, shall be ireiand, can admitted to such Freedom upon Payment of the same Duty as daim the Free-all other Freemen by Right are admitted to their Freedom, (that dom thereof, is to say,) on Payment of the Duty of One Pound only for the »aay be admitted Registry, Entry, Minute, or Memorandum thereof in the Court paslmmto?the Book, Roll, or Record of any Corporation, Guild, or Company; sa^Tstamp any thing contained in the said herein-before recited Statute Duty as other passed in the Fifty-sixth Year of the Reign of His said late Freemen, majesty King George the Third, or any other Statute or Law to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That in Freemtm under default of Payment of such Sum as aforesaid the Freemen entitled this Act subject under this Act shall be subject to the same Penalties to which Freemen in Right of Birth, Marriage, or Service are or would be . liable.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, and intituled The 25 H. 8. c. 19. 4 Submission of the Clergy and Restraint of Appeals, it is (amongst

CAP. XCII.

An Act for transferring the Powers of the High Court of Delegates, both in Ecclesiastical and Maritime Causes, to His Majesty in Council.

[7th August 1832.]

other

576

G. 92.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1832.

other things) provided, that for Lack of Justice at or in any '-of the Courts of the Archbishops of this Realm, or in any of the King's Dominions, it should be lawful to the Parties grieved

to appeal to the Kings Majesty in the King's Court of Chancery; and that upon every such Appeal a Commission should be

directed under the Great Seal to such Persons as should be named by the King's Highness, His Heirs or Successors, like as in case of Appeal from the Admirals Court, to hear and definitively determine such Appeals, and the Causes concerning the same; which Commissioners so by the King's Highness, His 4 Heirs or Successors, to be named or appointed, should have full Power and Authority to hear and definitively determine every such Appeal, with the Causes and all Circumstances concerning the same; and that such Judgment and Sentence as the said Commissioners should make and decree in and upon any such Appeal should be good and effectual, and also definitive, and that no further Appeals should be had or made from the said Commissioners for the same; and that all manner of Provocations and Appeals thereafter to be had, made, oi* 4 taken, from the Jurisdiction of any Abbots, Priors, or other Heads and Governors of Monasteries, Abbeys, Priories, and other Houses and Places exempt, in such Cases as they were wont or might afore the making of the Act now in recital, by reason of Grants or Liberties of such Places exempt, to have or make immediately any Appeal or Provocation to the Bishop of Rome otherwise called Pope, or to the See of Rome, in all those Cases every Person and Persons having Cause of Appeal or Provocation should and might take and make their Appeals and Provocations immediately to the King's Majesty of this Realm, into the Court of Chancery, in the Manner and Form as they used afore to do to the See of Rome; which Appeals and Provocations so made should be definitively determined by

Authority of the King's Commission in such Manner and Form as was in the said Act now in recital above mentioned, so that no Archbishop or Bishop of this Realm should intermit or meddle with any such Appeals otherwise or in any other Manner than they might have done afore the making of the Act 4 now in recital; any thing in the Act now in recital to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: And whereas by an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabethy

Eliz. c. 5. ' and intituled For the avoiding of tedious Suits in Civil and

4 Marine Causes, it is provided that every such Judgment and

Sentence definitive as should be given and pronounced in any

Civil and Marine Cause, upon Appeal lawfully to be made therein to the Queen's Majesty in Her Highness* Court of

Chancery, by such Commissioners or Delegates as should be nominated and appointed by Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, by Commission under the Half Seal, as it had been theretofore used in such Cases, should be final, and that no

further Appeal should be made from the said Judgment or

4 Sentence definitive, or from the said Commissioners or Delegates, for or in the same; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding: And whereas the Persons who

from Time to Time have been appointed Commissioners by

4 Commis-

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 92.

577

4 Commission under the Great Seal or under the Half Seal, by virtue of the Authority of either of the herein-before recited ' Acts, have been commonly called "The High Court of Dele- gatesAnd whereas, notwithstanding the herein-before recited ' Acts, the King's Majesty for the Time being hath out of His ' Royal Favour occasionally granted, upon Petition to Him in

Council made for that Purpose, a Commission under the Great 1 Seal authorizing the Commissioners therein named to review

the Judgments and Decrees of the High Court of Delegates ' so appointed as aforesaid: And whereas it is expedient that the herein-before recited Act of the Eighth Year of Queen

Elizabeth, and also so much of the herein-before recited Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of King Henry the Eighth as relates to ' the Appeal to His Majesty in Chancery, should be repealed,

and that all the Powers which by virtue of either of the said Acts have or might have been enjoyed by the said High Court ' of Delegates should be in future exercised by His Majesty in Council, and that no such Commission of Review as aforesaid ' should hereafter be granted be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the herein-before recited Act of the Twenty-fifth 25 H. 8. c. 19., Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, so far as relates 80 far 88 relates

to any Power thereby given to appeal in any Case to the King's thetl^Ttoof

Majesty in His High Court of Chancery, and so far as the same the PApp<rint-empowers His Majesty to grant a Commission under the Great ment of De-Seal authorizing the Persons therein named to hear and determine legates, repealed such Appeals, shall, as from the First Day of February One fromlFebiSSS. thousand eight hundred and thirty-three, be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it also enacted, That the herein-before recited 8 Eliz. c. 5.

Act of the Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth shall, repealed from as from the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred 1 Feb*1833# and thirty-three, be and the same is hereby repealed.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said From i Feb.

First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and thirty- 183:5 Powers of three it shall be lawful to and for every Person who might here- ^ourt

tofore, by virtue of either of the said recited Acts, have appealed transferred to or made Suit to His Majesty in His High Court of Chancery, the King in

to appeal or make Suit to the King's Majesty, His Heirs or Sue- Council; and cessors, in Council, within such Time, in such Manner, and subject no Commission to such Rules, Orders, and Regulations for the due and more convenient proceeding, as shall seem meet and necessary, and g, .allted upon such Security, if any, as His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, shall from Time to Time by Order in Council direct; and that the King's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Council, shall thereupon have Power to proceed to hear and determine every Appeal and Suit so to be made by virtue of this Act, and to make all such Judgments, Orders, and Decrees in the Matter of such Appeal or Suit as might heretofore have been made by His Majesty's Commissioners appointed by virtue of either of the herein-before recited Acts if this Act had not 2 & 3 Gul. IV. P p been

576

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

C. 92, 93.

Proviso for Appeals now pending, or which may be pending previous to 1 Feb. 1833.

been passed; and that every such Judgment, Order, and Decree so to be made by the King's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, shall have such and the like Force and Effect in all respects whatsoever as the same respectively would have had if made and pronounced by the aforesaid High Court of Delegates; and that every such Judgment, Order, and Decree shall be final and definitive, and that no Commission shall hereafter be granted or authorized to review any Judgment or Decree to be made by virtue of this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to affect any Appeal now pending, ofr which before the said First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three may be pending, to His Majesty in Chancery, by virtue of either of the herein-before recited Acts, or to affect the Right of His Majesty to grant any such Commission under the Great Seal or under the Half Seal as aforesaid, to hear and adjudicate upon any Appeal so now pending, or which may before the said First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three be pending; and that every Judgment or Decree of the said High Court of Delegates, by virtue of either of the said recited Acts, already made or hereafter to be made, in any Cause so now pending or which shall be so pending as aforesaid, shall have such and the like Force and Effect in all respects as if this Act had not been passed.

CAP. XCIII.

An Act for enforcing the Process upon Contempts in the Courts Ecclesiastical of England and Ireland.

[7 th August 1832.]

WHEREAS great Inconvenience has been found to arise by

reason of the Process of the several Ecclesiastical Courts

in England and Ireland being inoperative and unavailable out

of the Limits of the respective Jurisdictions of such Courts, c and against Persons having Privilege of Peerage, Lords of Parliament, and Members of the House of Commons; and in many

Instances a Failure of Justice hath thereby ensued: And whereas it is expedient, for Remedy thereof, that the Process

of the said several Courts, and the Means of enforcing Obedience

to the same, should be of equal Force and have the likeOperation, as well in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England as in that Part of the same ' United Kingdom called Ireland> and as well against Persons having Privilege of Peerage, Lords of Parliament, and Members ' of the House of Commons, as against all other His Majesty's Subjects Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

Where Persons assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all Causes residing beyond which according to the Laws of this Realm are or may be the Jurisdiction COgnizable in any of the several Ecclesiastical Courts, as well siastical Courts *n ^at ^art the Urfited Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland

2 called

A.D. 182.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 93.

579

called England as in that Part of the same United Kingdom are cited to called Ireland, when any Person or Persons, as well those which appear* an(l have or hereafter shall have Privilege of Peerage, or are or here- refusef?blfij after may be Peers of Parliament or Members of the House of hereof may6 Commons, as all others who shall happen to be domiciled or pronounce residing either in England or in Ireland, and beyond the Limits them contu-of the Jurisdiction of the Court in which such Causes have been macious, and or shall have been respectively instituted or commenced, or shall be depending, having been duly cited to appear in any such chancellor, &c. Ecclesiastical Court, whether in England or in Ireland, or re- within Ten quired to comply with any lawful Order or Decree, as well final Days, and there-as interlocutory, which hath been or shall have been made by upon a Writ any such Court respectively, shall neglect or refuse to pay He contumace Obedience to any such lawful Order or Decree, or when any ^"unless such Person or Persons shall commit a Contempt in the Face the Person be of such Court, or any other Contempt towards such Court, or a Peer, &c. the Process thereof, it shall be lawful for the Judge or Judges out of whose Court the Citation or Process hath already issued or may hereafter issue, or whose lawful Orders or Decrees have not or shall not have been obeyed, or before whom such Contempt in the Face of the Court shall be committed, or by whose Order or Authority such Process in respect of or towards which any such Contempt shall have been committed has been or shall be awarded or issued, or the Successor or Successors in Office of such Judge or Judges respectively, to pronounce such Person or Persons contumacious and in contempt, and within Ten Days after such Person or Persons shall have been so pronounced to be contumacious and in contempt to signify the same to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of England for the Time being respectively, whenever the Person or Persons who shall have been so pronounced contumacious and in contempt shall be domiciled or residing in England, and within the like Period of Ten Days to signify the same to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Ireland for the Time being respectively, whenever the Person or Persons who shall have been so pronounced contumacious and in contempt shall be domiciled or residing in Ireland, in the Form annexed to an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Fifty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of Ecclesiastical 53 G. 3. c. 127. Courts in England, and for the more easy Recovery of Church Rates and Tithes; and thereupon, and in case the Person so reputed to be in contempt shall not be a Peer, Lord of Parliament, or Member of the House of Commons, a Writ De contumace capiendo shall issue from His Majesty's said High Court of Chancery in England or in Ireland, as the Case may happen, to be directed to the same Persons to whom Writs De excommunicato capiendo were by Law returnable before the passing of the said Act of Parliament, and the same shall be returnable in like Manner as the Writ De excommunicato capiendo had been theretofore by Law returnable, and shall have the same Force and Effect as the last-mentioned Writ; and all Rules and Regu- All Regulations

P p 2 lations and Provisions

C. 93.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

applying to the Writ De excommunicato, and Proceedings thereupon, shall be applied to the Writ De contumace.

5 Eliz. c. 23.

Upon the Appearance or Submission of the Party, the Judge may order him to be absolved or discharged.

Where Persons possessed of Estates, &c. in England neglect to pay Money ordered by the said Courts, the Judges may pronounce such Persons contumacious, and certify the same to the Lord Chancellor, who shall cause Process of Sequestration to issue against the Estate of the Party in England.

lations not altered by the said Act of the Fifty-third Year of His said Majesty George the Third, and which before the passing the same Act applied to the said Writ De excommunicato capiendo, and the Proceedings following thereupon, and particularly the several Provisions contained in a certain Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act for the dm Execution of the Writ De excommunicato capiendo, shall extend and be applied to the said Writ De contumace capiendo, and the Proceedings following thereupon, as if the same were herein particularly repeated and enacted; and the proper Officers of the said Two several High Courts of Chancery in England and Ireland, as the Case may happen to be, are hereby authorized and required to issue such Writ De contumace capiendo accordingly; and all Sheriffs, Gaolers, and other Officers in England and in Ireland, as the Case may happen to be, are hereby required and authorized to execute the same, by taking and detaining the Body of the Person or Persons against whom the said Writ shall be so directed to be executed; and upon the due Appearance of the Party or Parties so cited and not having obeyed as aforesaid, or the due Submission of the Party or Parties so having committed a Contempt in the Face of the Court, or otherwise, as herein-before is mentioned, the Judge or Judges of such Ecclesiastical Court, whether in England or in Ireland, as the Case may be, shall pronounce such Party or Parties absolved from the Contumacy and Contempt aforesaid, and shall forthwith make an Order upon the Sheriff, Gaoler, or other Officer in whose Custody he, she, or they shall be, in the Form to the said Act of the Fifty-third Year of the Reign of His said Majesty George the Third annexed, for discharging such Party or Parties out of Custody; and such Sheriff, Gaoler, and other Officer shall, on the said Order being shown to him, so soon as such Party or Parties shall have discharged the Costs lawfully incurred by reason of such Custody and Contempt, forthwith discharge him, her, or them.

II. And be it further enacted, That in all such Cases as are herein-before mentioned, and which are or may be cognizable in any or either of the several herein-before mentioned Courts, when any Person or Persons, as well such Person or Persons as have or shall hereafter have Privilege of Peerage, or are or shall hereafter be Lords of Parliament or Members of the House of Commons, as others who shall happen to be domiciled or residing either in England or in Ireland, have been or shall have been ordered or required, by the lawful Order or Decree, final or interlocutory, of any such Court respectively, to pay any Sum or Sums of Money, and when any such Person or Persons, after having been duly monished, shall refuse or neglect to comply with such Monition, and to pay the Sum or Sums of Money therein ordered to be paid by him or them, within the Time and in the Manner in any such Order or Decree mentioned or expressed, or a Peer or Lord of Parliament or Member of the House of Commons shall refuse or withhold Obedience, or shall in any way neglect to perform or shall not perform any Decree or Order, final or interlocutory, of such Courts as aforesaid, it shall be

A.D. 1832. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. G93. 581

be lawful for the Judge or Judges who shall have made such Order or Decree, or his or their Successor or Successors in Office, to pronounce the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to comply with such Order or Decree contumacious and in contempt, and within Ten Days after such Person or Persons shall have been so pronounced contumacious and in contempt to cause a Copy of such Order or Decree, under the Seal of the Court wherein the same shall have been made, or under the Hand or Hands of such Judge or Judges, or One of them, to be exemplified, and certified to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of England for the Time being respectively, whenever the Person or Persons who shall have been so pronounced contumacious shall be domiciled or residing, or shall be seised or possessed of or entitled to any Real or Personal Estate, Goods, Chattels, or Effects, situate, lying, or being in England; and the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody, of the Great Seal of England, shall forthwith cause such Copy of such Order or Decree, when it shall be presented to them respectively, so exemplified, to be inrolled in the Rolls of the High Court of Chancery in England, and shall thereupon cause Process of Sequestration to issue against the Real and Personal Estate, Goods, Chattels, and Effects, in England, of the Party or Parties against whom such Order or Decree shall have been made, in order to. enforce Obedience to and Performance of the same, in the same Manner and Form, and with the like Power and Effect, as if the Cause wherein such Order or Decree shall have been made had been originally cognizable by and instituted in the said Court of Chancery in England) and as if all and every the Process of the said Court of Chancery in England ordinarily issuing in Causes there pending antecedent to Process of Sequestration had been duly issued and returned in the last-mentioned Court; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal in England^ to make such Order and Orders in respect of or consequent upon such Sequestration, or in respect of the Real or Personal Estate, Goods, Chattels, or Effects sequestrated by virtue thereof, as he or they shall from Time to Time think fit, or for Payment of all or any of the Monies levied or received by virtue thereof into the Bank of England, with the Privity of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery in England, to the Credit and for the Benefit of the Party or Parties who shall have obtained such Order or Decree, if the same was for Payment of Money, or if not, to the Credit of the High Court of Chancery; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby authorized and required to receive and hold all such Monies, subject to the Orders of the said Court of Chancery: Provided always, that no such Monies shall be charged with or subject to Poundage when the same shall be paid out by Order of the said Court. The like Pro-

III. And be it further enacted, That in all such Causes as are vision herein-before mentioned, and which are or may be cognizable in any of'either of the several herein-before mentioned Courts, tetes, &c. in"

Pp 3 when Ireland. '

582

C. 93.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV.

I

A.D. 1832.

when any Person or Persons, as well such Person or Persons as have or shall hereafter have Privilege of Peerage, or are or shall hereafter be Lords of Parliament or Members of the House of Commons, as others, who shall happen to be domiciled or residing either in England or in Ireland, hath or have been or shall have been ordered or required by the lawful Order or Decree, final or interlocutory, of any such Court respectively, to pay any Sum or Sums of Money, or to do any other Act or Thing, and when any such Person or Persons, after having been duly personally served with a Copy or Copies of such Order or Decree, shall refuse or neglect to comply therewith, or to pay the Sum or Sums of Money therein ordered to be paid by him or them, or to do the Act or Thing required by such Order to be done, within the Time and in the Manner in any such Order or Decree mentioned or expressed, it shall be lawful for the Judge or Judges who shall have made such Order or Decree, or his or their Successor or Successors in Office, to pronounce the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to comply with such Order or Decree contumacious and in contempt, and within Ten Days after such Person or Persons shall have been so pronounced contumacious and in contempt to cause a Copy of such Order or Decree, under the Seal of the Court wherein the same shall have been made, or under the Hand or Hands of such Judge or Judges, or One of them, to be exemplified, and certified to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Ireland for the Time being respectively, whenever the Person or Persons who shall have been so pronounced contumacious and in contempt shall be domiciled or residing, or shall be seised or possessed of or entitled to any Real or Personal Estate, Goods, Chattels, or Effects, situate, lying, or being in Ireland, and within the like Period of Ten Days and after such last-mentioned Person or Persons shall have been pronounced contumacious and in contempt to cause a Copy of such Order or Decree to be exemplified, and certified in manner herein-before mentioned to the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, whenever the Person or Persons who shall have been so pronounced contumacious and in contempt shall be domiciled or residing, or shall be seised or possessed of or entitled to any Real or Personal Estate, Goods, Chattels, or Effects, situate, lying, or being in Ireland; and the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Ireland, shall forthwith cause such Copy of such Order or Decree, when it shall be presented to them respectively, so exemplified, to be inrolled in the Rolls of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, and shall thereupon cause Process of Sequestration to issue against the Real and Personal Estate, Goods, Chattels, and Effects, in Ireland, of the Party or Parties, against whom such Order or Decree shall have been made, in order to enforce Obedience to and Performance of the same, in the same Manner and Form, and with the like Power and Effect, as if the Cause wherein such Order or Decree shall have been made had been originally cognizable by and instituted

A.D. 1832. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. c. 93. $83

in the said Court of Chancery in Ireland *, and as if all and every the Process of the said Court of Chancery in Ireland ordinarily issuing in Causes there pending antecedent to Process of Sequestration had been duly issued and returned in the last-mentioned Court; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal in Ireland, to make such Order or Orders in respect of or consequent upon such Sequestration, or in respect of the Real or Personal Estate, Goods, Chattels, or Effects sequestered by virtue thereof, as he or they shall from Time to Time think fit, or for Payment of all or any of the Monies levied or received by virtue thereof into the Bank of Ireland, with the Privity of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery in Ireland, to the Credit and for the Benefit of the Party or Parties who shall have obtained such Order or Decree, if the same was for the Payment of Money, or if not, then to the Credit of the said High Court of Chancery; and the Governor and Company of the said Bank of Ireland are hereby authorized and required to receive and hold all such Monies, subject to the Orders of the said Court of Chancery in Ireland; Provided always, that no such Monies shall be charged with or subject to Poundage for the Usher of the said Court of Chancery in Ireland, or otherwise, when the same shall be paid out by Order of the last-mentioned Court.

IV. And be it further enacted, That none of the Provisions of Act not to this Act shall extend to any Order or Decree, or the refusing extend to or neglecting to perform any Order or Decree, which shall Orders made have been made more than Six Years before the passing of 6 Years wnce* this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall Limitation of be brought or commenced for any thing done in pursuance of Actions, this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and tried in the City or County wherein the Cause of Action shall have arisen, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit General Issue, shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance or by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time limited for bringing the same, or shall be laid in any other City, County, or Place than as aforesaid, then the Judge shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Treble Costs. Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in any other Case by Law.

P p 4?

584

C. 94 — 96.

2»& 8 GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

58 G. 3. c. 69.

Agreements made in Vestry, and approved of by Justices, to be binding on the Rate Payers.

CAP. XCIV.

An Act for raising the Sum of Thirteen millions eight hundred and ninety-six thousand six hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

[9th August 1832.]

CAP. XCV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three, certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

[9th August 1832.]

[The Sum authorized to he raised by this Act is 1, 500,000/ .; in all other respects, except as to Dates, this Act is the same as 1 W. 4*. c. 23.]

CAP. XCVI.

An Act for the better Employment of Labourers in Agricultural Parishes until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four.

[9th August 1832.]

WHEREAS notwithstanding the many Laws in force for the ' Relief and Employment of the Poor many able-bodied

Labourers are frequently entirely destitute of Work or unprofit- ably employed, and in many Instances receive insufficient ' Allowance for their Support from the Poor Rates: And whereas the Mode of providing Employment for the Poor which may ' be expedient in some Parishes may be inexpedient in others,

and it may therefore be desirable to extend the Powers of ' Parish Vestries in order that such a Course may be pursued as ' may be best adapted to the peculiar Circumstances of each ' Parish: And whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty-eighth ' Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third,

intituled An Act for the Regulation of Parish Vestries, Provision

is made to regulate the Manner of voting therein:* Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of October next, whenever at a Meeting of a Parish Vestry, convened according to the Provisions and Directions of an Act passed in the Fifty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the Regulation of Parish Vestries, a Majority of Three Fourths of the Rate Payers of any Parish, Township, Vill, or Place maintaining its own Poor, the Votes being taken according to the Provisions of the said Act, shall come to any Agreement solely for the Purpose of employing or

relieving

A.D. 1832. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 96.

585

relieving the Poor of such Parish, Township, Vill, or Place, such Agreement shall forthwith be reduced into Writing, and shall be submitted to the Justices of the Peace assembled at the Petty Sessions then next holden in and for the Division, Hundred, or Hiding in which the said Parish, Township, Vill, or Place shall be situate; and in case such Agreement shall be approved of by a Majority of such Justices at such Petty Sessions, such Approbation shall be signified by their Signatures thereto; and such Agreement shall be binding on the Contributors to the Poor Rates of the said Parish, Township, Vill, or Place for any Period not exceeding Six Calendar Months, as may be specified in such Agreement.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think Appeal to the himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any thing done in Quarter Ses-pursuance of this Act, then and in every such Case he, she, or slons *

they may appeal to the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County or District where the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, at their next ensuing Meeting; and the Justices in such Sessions assembled are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal, and to make such Alterations in such Agreement, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Costs, as to them shall seem just and reasonable, and by their Order and Warrant to levy such Costs by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party made liable to pay the same; and every Order and Determination of the said Justices upon any such Appeal shall be final and conclusive on all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or be removable, by Certiorari or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; but in case any Appeal shall appear to the said Justices frivolous or vexatious, then the said Justices shall cause such Costs to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants as to them shall seem reasonable, and such Costs shall be levied in manner aforesaid.

III. Provided also, and be it enacted, That notwithstanding Agreement to Notice of Appeal against any such Agreement so approved of by be acted upon such Justices at their Petty Sessions, or against any Part thereof, j^t^mined6^ such Agreement shall and may be acted upon in such and the

like Manner as if no such Notice of Appeal had been given, until such Appeal shall have been determined by such Justices at* such General or Quarter Session; and such Justices may, in case they shall think right, award such Damages to be paid out of the Poor Rates of such Parish, Township, Vill, or Place concerned in such Appeal to the Person or Persons aggrieved.

IV. And whereas in many Parishes, Townships, Vills, and Act not to

Places it has been the Custom to pay to Labourers and others sanction the less than the common Rate of Wages for their Labour, and to up f

f make up the Deficiency from the Poor Rates be it therefore w^ency ° enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend so as in any way to legalize or sanction any such Proceeding.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful Rates not to be for the Churchwardens and Overseers of any Parish, TownT *, applied for Pay-

* ' mr>nf nr I Jiltnur

ment of Labour out of Parish.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

C. 96, 97.

Act not to extend to certain Places.

Act to extend to all Parishes (except as before excepted) having separate Overseers.

Nothing herein to affect 22 G. 3. c. 83.

[Commencement of Act.]

51 G. 3. c. 106.

52 G. 3. c. 120.

52 G. 3. c. 27.

58 G. 3. c. 92.

Vill, or Place to disburse or expend any Money raised for the Relief of the Poor of such Parish, Township, Vill, or Place, in the Employment of any Person or Persons in any other Parish, Township, Vill, or Place, in any Agricultural Labour, or in any other Work whatever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall not extend to any City or Town containing more than One Parish, nor to any Parish, Township, Vill, or Place where the Rates for the Relief of the Poor shall not exceed Five Shillings in the Pound on the full or rack Rental thereof.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all the Directions herein contained shall extend and be construed to extend (save and except as herein excepted) to all Parishes, Townships, Vills, and Places having separate Overseers of the Poor and maintaining their Poor separately; and all the Directions and Regulations contained (save and except as aforesaid) shall extend to all Vestry Meetings which may by Law be holden by the Inhabitants of such Parish, Township, Vill, or Place.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to alter, abridge, or affect any of the Provisions contained in an Act passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect from and after the First Day of October next, and shall continue in force until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four.

CAP. XCVII.

An Act to repeal several Acts for enabling the Wives and

Families of Soldiers, and the Widows and Families of

deceased Soldiers, to return to their Homes.

[9th August 1832.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Fifty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third,

intituled An Act for enabling the Wives and Families of Soldiers embarked for Foreign Service to return to their Homes: And whereas another Act passed in the Fifty-second Year of the said Reign, intituled An Act to explain, amend, and extend the ' Provisions of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling the Wives and Families of Soldiers to return to their Homes, to the Widows, Wives, and Families of Soldiers dying or employed on Foreign Service: And whereas another Act passed in the same Year, intituled An Act for enabling the Wives and Families of Soldiers embarked in Ireland for Foreign Service to return to their Homes: And whereas another Act passed in the Fifty-eighth Year of the said Reign, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Provisions of several Acts passed in the Fifty-first and Fifty-second Years respectively of the Reign of His present

2° & 3« GULIELMI IV,

587

C. 97, 98.

present Majesty, for enabling the Wives and Families of Soldiers to return to their Homes: And whereas it is expedient that the said recited Acts should be repealed be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act all the said several recited Acts shall be and the same are hereby repealed; save and except as to the Prosecution and Punishment of any Frauds or Offences which may have been committed before the passing of this Act against any of the Provisions of the said recited Acts; and also save and except as to the paying, reimbursing, or accounting for any Money under the Provisions of the said recited Acts.

CAP. XCVIII.

An Act for regulating the protesting for Nonpayment of Bills of Exchange drawn payable at a Place not being the Place of the Residence of the Drawee or Drawees of the same.

[9th August 1832.]

WHEREAS Doubts having arisen as to the Place in which

7? it is requisite to protest for Nonpayment Bills of Exchange, which on the Presentment for Acceptance to the Drawee or Drawees shall not have been accepted, such Bills of 6 Exchange being made payable at a Place other than the Place

mentioned therein to be the Residence of the Drawee or ' Drawees thereof, and it is expedient to remove such Doubts be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act all Bills of Exchange wherein the Drawer or Drawers thereof shall have expressed that such Bills of Exchange are to be payable in any Place othpr than the Place by him or them therein mentioned to be the Residence of the Drawee or Drawees thereof, and which shall not on the Presentment for Acceptance thereof be accepted, shall or may be, without further Presentment to the Drawee or Drawees, protested for Nonpayment in the Place in which such Bills of Exchange shall have been by the Drawer or Drawers expressed to be payable, unless the Amount owing upon such Bills of Exchange shall have been paid to the Holder or Holders thereof on the Day on which such Bills of Exchange would have become payable had the same been duly accepted.

Recited Acts repealed, except as to Prosecution for Offences committed before the passing hereof.

Bills of Exchange expressed to be paid in any Place other than the Residence of the Drawee, if not accepted on Presentment, may be protested in that Place, unless Amount paid to the Holder.

C. 99.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

His Majesty empowered to revoke Commission of Commissioners of Public Accounts in Ireland; and all Accounts heretofore examined by them to be examined by the Commissioners of Public Accounts in Great Britain.

Powers of Commissioners of Audit in Ireland vested in Commissioners for auditing

CAP. XCIX.

An Act for transferring the Powers and Duties of the Commissioners of Public Accounts in Ireland to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts of Great Britain.

[9th August 1832.]

WHEREAS divers Acts have been passed by the former

* Parliament of that Part of the United Kingdom called ' Ireland, and subsequently by the Parliament of the United Kingdom, for the Regulation and due Examination and Audit ' of certain Public Accounts of Ireland (not being Military or c Army Accounts): And whereas in pursuance of the said Acts

certain Commissioners were appointed, by Letters Patent under ' the Great Seal of Ireland, for the due Examination and Audit

of the said Accounts; and by virtue of an Act passed in the c First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty the ' Powers granted by such Letters Patent have become vested in

Three Commissioners who are now in the Exercise of the same: 1 And whereas it is expedient that the Examination and Audit

of the before-mentioned Accounts should be transferred from the said Commissioners to the Commissioners for auditing the

Public Accounts of Great Britain Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That at any Time within the Period of One Year after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to revoke the Commission under which the said Three Commissioners now act, and to direct and command that the Functions and Authorities of the said Commissioners shall from thenceforth cease and determine, and that all Accounts then subject to their Examination and Audit shall from the Date of the said Letters Patent be rendered to and be examined and audited by the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts of Great Britain, and that all Persons liable to render Accounts to the present Commissioners in Ireland shall from thenceforth duly render the same to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts of Great Britain, and for these Purposes that the said Commissioners of Accounts in Ireland shall forthwith transmit to the Commissioners of Audit in Great Britain all Accounts, Books, Muniments, and all other official Documents in their Custody or Power, and likewise all the Accounts depending in their Office which may not then have been examined, or of which the Examination may not then have been completed, in order that the same may be examined and audited by the Commissioners last mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Date of the said Letters Patent all the Powers and Authorities now possessed and exercised by the said Commissioners of Audit in Ireland shall forthwith become vested in the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts of Great Britain, who, in examining

and

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 99.

589

and auditing the Accounts so transferred to them, shall from thenceforth perform the same Duties and follow the same Course of Proceeding in all respects as are practised in the Audit Office of Great Britain with regard to the Accounts now examined in that '.Department; and the said last-mentioned Commissioners shall also, with respect to all Accounts rendered to them from Ireland, be invested with all the same Powers relative to Proceedings in the Irish Courts of Law and otherwise as are now possessed and exercised by them in the English Courts or otherwise with respect to the Accounts which are now subject to their Examination.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury shall have the same Superintendence and Controul over the Accounts to be examined and audited according to the Provisions of this Act as are now exercised by them with regard to all Accounts now examined by the Commissioners of Audit in Great Britain; but that all the Provisions contained in the Acts of the'ir/sA Parliament, as to the Power and Authority of the Lord Lieutenant and the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, with respect to the above Accounts, shall accordingly cease and determine from the Date of the said last-mentioned Letters Patent.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Audit in Great Britain shall transmit a Statement of every Account, examined and audited by them, under the Authority of this Act, to the Commissioners of the Treasury, who, having considered such Statement, shall return the same to the Commissioners of Audit, together with their Warrant, directing them to make up and pass the Account, either conformably to the Statement, or with such Variations as they may deem just and reasonable; and the Account, having been made up pursuant to such Directions, and signed by Three or more of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, shall remain deposited in the Audit Office, and shall have the same Force and Validity, and be as efficient in Law for all Purposes whatsoever, as if the same had been declared according to the usual Course by the Chancellor of the Exchequer.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Time when the Transfer of Accounts hereby authorized shall have taken place, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Audit in Great Britain, upon any Requisition addressed to them by the Attorney or Solicitor of the Plaintiff or Defendant in any Action or Suit depending in any of the Superior Courts of Ireland, to transmit to some Person in that Country to be appointed by them for that Purpose any Receipt, Voucher, or other Document relating to any Account which may be in their Office, and may be deemed necessary by the Party requiring its Production, the Party in question paying such Costs as the proper Officer of the Court may deem reasonable, and the Person to whom the Document shall have been transmitted being bound to produce the same in any Court of Record where the Action or Suit may be depending, when he may be duly called upon and summoned for that Purpose.

Public Accounts of Great Britain.

Treasury to have Controul over the Accounts examined under this Act.

Examined Accounts to be transmitted to the Treasury for their Warrant.

Commissioners of Audit in Great Britain may transmit Receipts, &c. when required, to a Person appointed in Ireland.

C. 99.

2° & 8« GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Commissioners to deliver a Quietus to Accountants.

Commissioners may receive Statements upon Oath.

Commissioners empowered to transmit certain Accounts to Deputy Remembrancer in Ireland, who, is to ^Taming, and return the same *

VI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which any Public Accounts shall have been examined and passed in the Office of the Commissioners of Audit in Great Britain (whether such Account shall have been declared before the Chancellor of the Exchequer or otherwise) the said Commissioners shall deliver or transmit to every Accountant a Certificate in the Nature of a Quietus, specifying the Amounts of the Charge and Discharge, and of the Balance (if any) indebted or in surplusage arising thereon, in the same Manner as is now practised by them with regard to declared Accounts.

VII. And whereas it is reasonable and expedient that Affi-< davits and Statements upon Oath should be admitted in certain

Cases, for the Purpose of elucidating doubtful Articles in 1 Accounts, and verifying the same be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Audit in Great Britain, in all Cases in which they shall think fit, to receive Affidavits and Statements upon Oath by Public Accountants and others for the above Purposes, such Affidavits and Statements being sworn before a Judge of any of the Superior Courts in England, Scotland, or Ireland, or of any of the Colonies or Dependencies of Great Britain, or before any Officer or Commissioner authorized to take Affidavits in such Courts, or (in case of the Party making the Affidavit or Statement being resident more than Ten Miles distant from any Superior Court) before any Magistrate of the District within which the Party may be resident.

VIII. And whereas Occasions may arise when it may be reasonable and expedient that Accounts of Public Expenditure in

Ireland should be specially examined and enquired into by i some competent Authority in that Country be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, and they are hereby authorized, in all Cases in which they shall think fit, to transmit Copies (certified by them) of any such Accounts or Portions of Accounts, together with the Vouchers and Documents relating thereto, to the De-

S Remembrancer of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in nd, for the Purpose of local Investigation; and the said Deputy Remembrancer is hereby authorized and required to proceed thereupon to examine and investigate the Accounts, Vouchers, and Documents so transmitted and referred to him, and, if he shall deem it expedient, to examine upon Oath (which Oath he is hereby empowered to administer) the Accountant or Accountants, or any other Persons whom he may think fit to call before him, relative to any Transaction connected with the Matters referred to him; and the said Deputy Remembrancer is further authorized and required, after having examined and investigated such Matters, to return the said Vouchers and Documents to the Commissioners for auditing Public Accounts in England, together with a Satatement of the Result of such Investigation, and of his Opinion thereon; and the said Commissioners, having communicated thereupon (if necessary) with the said Deputy Remembrancer, shall consider and decide upon the Matters forming the Subject of the before-mentioned Reference,

and

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV.

591

C. 99, 100.

and shall make up and state the Account out of which the Reference may have arisen, according to such their Decision: Provided always, that in case of any Difference of Opinion between the said Commissioners and the said Deputy Remembrancer, such Difference, and the Grounds thereof, shall be distinctly specified, either by a Note or Memorandum upon the Face of the Account when stated to the Commissioners of the Treasury, or by a Special Report accompanying the same.

IX. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of all Enquiries authorized by this Act, and so far as may be necessary for rendering the same effectual, the said Deputy Remembrancer is hereby authorized to exercise the same Powers and Authorities for summoning and enforcing the Attendance of Witnesses, and for compelling the Production of public and other Documents, which are now possessed by the Commissioners of Accounts in Ireland; and all Persons who shall give false Testimony before the said Deputy Remembrancer in the Course of any Examination upon Oath authorized by this Act shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties of Perjury.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Deputy Remembrancer, at the Expiration of each Year during which he may have been employed by virtue of his Act, shall transmit to the Commissioners for auditing Public Accounts a Statement of his Claims for the Services performed by him, which Statement shall be forwarded to the Lords of the Treasury by the Commissioners for auditing Public Accounts, with any Observations which they may have to offer thereon, and the Lords of the Treasury shall thereupon direct the Commissioners for auditing Public Accounts to cause to be paid to the said Remembrancer such a Sum as the Lords of the Treasury may think reasonable.

CAP. C.

An Act for shortening the Time required in Claims of Modus

decimandi, or Exemption from or Discharge of Tithes.

[9th August 1832.]

WHEREAS the Expence and Inconvenience of Suits instituted for the Recovery of Tithes may and ought to be

prevented, by shortening the Time required for the valid Establishment of Claims of a Modus decimandi, or Exemption ' from or Discharge of Tithes be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Prescriptions and Claims of or for any Modus decimandi, or of or to any Exemption from or Discharge of Tithes, by Composition real or otherwise, shall in Cases where the Render of Tithes in Kind shall be hereafter demanded by our said Lord the King, His Heirs or Successors, or by any Duke of Cornwall, or by any Lay Person, not being a Corporation Sole, or by any Body Corporate of many, whether Temporal or Spiritual, be sustained and be deemed good and talid in Law,

upon

Deputy Remembrancer vested with same Powers as Commissioners of Public Accounts in Ireland.

Deputy Remembrancer to be remunerated by Commissioners, under Direction of the Treasury.

What Prescriptions and Claims of Modus decimandi to be valid in Law.

C. 100.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

[Proviso.]

What Compositions for Tithes shall be considered valid.

upon Evidence showing, in Cases of Claitn of a Modus decimandi, the Payment or Render of such Modus, and in Cases of Claim to Exemption or Discharge showing the Enjoyment of the Land, without Payment or Render of Tithes, Money, or other Matter in lieu thereof, for the full Period of Thirty Years next before the Time of such Demand, unless, in the Case of Claim of a Modus decimandi, the actual Payment or Render of Tithes in Kind, or of Money or other Thing differing in Amount, Quality, or Quantity from the Modus claimed, or, in case of Claim to Exemption or Discharge, the Render or Payment of Tithes, or of Money or other Matter in lieu thereof, shall be shown to have taken place at some Time prior to such Thirty Years, or it shall be proved that such Payment or Render of Modus was made or Enjoyment had by some Consent or Agreement expressly made or given for that Purpose by Deed or Writing; and if such Proof in support of the Claim shall be extended to the full Period of Sixty Years next before the Time of such Demand, in such Cases the Claim shall be deemed absolute and indefeasible, unless it shall be proved that such Payment or Render of Modus was-made or Enjoyment had by some Consent or Agreement expressly made or given for that Purpose by Deed or Writing; and where the Render of Tithes in Kind shall be demanded by any Archbishop, Bishop, Dean, Prebendary, Parson, Vicar, Master of Hospital, or other Corporation Sole, whether Spiritual or Temporal, then every such Prescription or Claim shall be valid and indefeasible, upon Evidence showing such Payment or Render of Modus made or Enjoyment had, as is herein-before mentioned, applicable to the Nature of the Claim, for and during the whole Time that Two Persons in succession shall have held the Office or Benefice in respect whereof such Render of Tithes in Kind shall be claimed, and for not less than Three Years after the Appointment and Institution or Induction of a Third Person thereto: Provided always, that if the whole Time of the holding of such Two Persons shall be less than Sixty Years, then it shall be necessary to show such Payment or Render of Modus made or Enjoyment had (as the Case may be) , not only during the whole of such Time, but also during such further Number of Years, either before or after such Time, or partly before and partly after, as shall with such Time be sufficient to make up the full Period of Sixty Years, and also for and during the further Period of Three Years after the Appointment and Institution or Induction of a Third Person to the same Office or Benefice, unless it shall be proved that such Payment or Render of Modus was made or Enjoyment had by some Consent or Agreement expressly made or given for that Purpose by Deed or Writing.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Composition for Tithes which hath been made or confirmed by the Decree of any Court of Equity in England in a Suit to which the Ordinary* Patron, and Incumbent were Parties, and which hath not since been set aside, abandoned, or departed from, shall be and the same is hereby confirmed and made valid in Law; and that no Modus, Exemption, or Discharge shall be deemed to be within

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 100.

593

the Provisions of this Act, unless such Modus, Exemption, or Discharge shall be proved to have existed and been acted upon at the Time of or within One Year next before the passing of this Act.

III. Provided always, That this Act shall not be prejudicial or available to or for any Plaintiff or Defendant in any Suit or Action relative to any of the Matters before mentioned, now commenced, or which may be hereafter commenced, during the present Session of Parliament, or within One Year from the End thereof.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall not extend or be applicable to any Case where the Tithes of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall have been demised by Deed for any Term of Life or Number of Years, or where any Composition for Tithes shall have been made by Deed or Writing, by the Person or Body Corporate entitled to such Tithes, with the Owner or Occupier of the Land, for any such Term or Number of Years, and such Demise or Composition shall be subsisting at the Time of the passing of this Act, and where any Action or Suit shall be instituted for the Recovery or enforcing the Payment of Tithes in Kind within Three Years next after the Expiration, Surrender, or other Determination of such Demise or Composition.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where any Lands or Tenements shall have been or shall be held or occupied by any Rector, Vicar, or other Person entitled to the Tithes thereof, or by any Lessee of any such Rector, Vicar, or other Person, or by any Person compounding for Tithes with any such Rector, Vicar, or other Person, or by any Tenant of any such Rector, Vicar, or other Person, or of any such Lessee or Compounder, whereby the Right to the Tithes of such Lands or Tenements may have been or may be during any Time in the Occupier thereof, or in the Person entitled to the Rent thereof, the whole of every such Time and Times shall be excluded in the Computation of the several Periods of Time herein-before mentioned.

VI. Provided also, That the Time during which any Person otherwise capable of resisting any Claim to any of the Matters before mentioned shall have been or shall be an Infant, Idiot, Non compos mentis, Feme Covert, or Lay Tenant for Life, or during which any Action or Suit shall have been pending, and which shall have been diligently prosecuted, until abated by the Death of any Party or Parties thereto, shall be excluded in the Computation of the Periods herein-before mentioned, except only in Cases where the Right or Claim is hereby declared to be absolute and indefeasible.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions and Suits to be commenced after this Act shall take effect it shall be sufficient to allege that the Modus or Exemption or Discharge claimed was actually exercised and enjoyed for such of the Periods mentioned in this Act as may be applicable to the Case; and if the other Party shall intend to rely on any Proviso, Exception, Incapacity, Disability, Contract, Agreement, Deed, or Writing herein mentioned, or any other Matter of Fact or of

2 fo 3 Gul, 4. Q q Law

The Act not available in any Suit now commenced, &c.

To what Case# this Act shall not extend.

Time during which Lands shall be held by Persons entitled to the Tithes thereof to be excluded in the Computation;

as also the Time during which any Person capable of resisting any Claim shall be an Infant, &c.

What it shall be sufficient to allege in Actions commenced under this Act.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 182.

C. 100, 101.

No Presumption allowed in support of any Claim for any less Period than herein mentioned.

Act to extend to England pnly.

His Majesty empowered to nominate an Advocate of the Scottish Bar to perform the Duties of the Sheriff of Selkirkshire during his Incapacity or Nonresignation.

Law not Inconsistent with the simple Fact of the Exercise and Enjoyment of the Matter claimed, the same shall be specially alleged and set forth in answer to the Allegation of the Party claiming, and shall not be received in Evidence on any general Traverse or Denial of the Matter claimed,

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in the several Cases mentioned in and provided for by this Act no Presumption shall be allowed or made in favour or support of any Claim upon Proof of the Exercise or Enjoyment of the Right or Matter claimed for any less Period of Time or Number of Years than for such Period or Number mentioned in this Act as may be applicable to the Case and to the Nature of the Claim.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland.

CAP. CL

An Act to authorize His Majesty to appoint a Person to act

as Sheriff of Selkirkshire during the Incapacity of the

present Sheriff.

[9th August 1832.]

WHEREAS the Sheriff of the County of Selkirk in Scotland i8 incapacitated by Disease from performing any

of the Functions of his Office, or appointing any Substitute for their due Performance: And whereas divers important and urgent Duties are now and will speedily be required from such Sheriff, for which it is expedient that Provision should be made be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to nominate and appoint, by Warrant under His or Their Sign Manual, some Advocate, of not less than Five Years Standing at the Scottish Bar, to perform all the Functions and Duties that are now by Law competent to or may be required from the said Sheriff of Selkirkshire, but only during the Period of the Incapacity or Non-resignation of the said Sheriff; and all Acts done by the Person so nominated and appointed in virtue of and under Authority of such Appointment shall be as valid and effectual in all respects, and shall be received and dealt with by all Persons in the same Manner, as if the same had been severally performed by the said Sheriff in his State of Capacity; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that such Appointment shall only subsist during the Period of the Incapacity or Non-resignation of the said Sheriff, and until the Appointment of a Successor to the said Sheriff shall be made known to the said Person, or till the End of the next ensuing Session of Parliament; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 102.

595

CAP. CIL

An Act to repeal the Excise Duties on Flint Glass, and to impose other Duties in lieu thereof; and to amend the Laws relating to Glass.

[10th August 1832.]

TIT WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign -T of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled

An Act to repeal the Excise Duties and Drawbacks on Flint Glass 6 G. 4. c. 117.

in Great Britain, and to impose other Duties and another Draw- bach in lieu thereofthroughout the United Kingdom; and to con-

tmue the Jurisdiction and Powers for recovering Penalties under

Customs and Excise Laws in Ireland until further Provision can

be made, a Duty of Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings was imposed

for and upon every One thousand Pounds Weight Avoirdupois,

and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity, of the

fluxed Materials or Metal or other Preparations whatever that ' should be made in Great Britain or Ireland for the Purpose of

making Flint Glass or Phial Glass, and it was by the said Act

amongst other things enacted, that at the End of every Round ' or Period of Six Weeks an Account should be taken and made ' out by the Supervisor, Surveyor, or Officer of the District or

Place in which the Glasshouse of any Maker or Makers of

Flint Glass shall be situate, of the whole Quantity of Flint Glass

for or in respect of which such Maker or Makers of Glass as

aforesaid shall have been charged with Duty upon the fluxed

Materials or Metal or other Preparations from which such

Glass as aforesaid shall have been made, after Deduction of the gauged Weight of all fluxed Materials, Metal, or other

Preparations taken account of by the Officer and laded out of the Pot according to the Provisions of this Act, and of the ' whole Weight of manufactured Flint Glass and Flint Glass

Wares weighed or which shall have been made by such Maker or Makers of Glass as aforesaid within such Round or Period 1 of Six Weeks as aforesaid; and if upon such Account being taken and made out as aforesaid the Weight of such manufac-

tured Glass and Glass Wares as aforesaid shall exceed the

Quantity of such Glass as aforesaid with which such Maker or Makers of Glass as aforesaid shall have been so charged with

Duty, after such Deduction as aforesaid, by any Quantity

greater than the Quantity of Fifty per Centum of or upon the whole Quantity of such Glass as last aforesaid, every such

Maker or Makers of Glass as aforesaid shall be charged with

and pay the Sum of Sixpence per Pound upon each and every

Pound Weight of such Excess, over and above any Duty

which such Maker or Makers of Glass as aforesaid shall have ' paid or may have been charged with upon the fluxed Materials ' or Metal or other Preparations from which such Glass as aforesaid shall have been made: And whereas it has been found ' that the said Proportion of Fifty per Centum of manufactured

Glass and Glass Wares thereby required to be produced from the fluxed Materials or Metal is a greater Quantity than can ' be advantageously produced, and it is therefore expedient to ' repeal the said Duty of Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings on every

Q q 2 ' One

C. 102.

2 & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

The Duty of 12/. 105. on every 1,000 lbs. Weight of Materials, and Sec. 9. of the Act 6 G.4. c. 117., repealed.

In lieu of the Duty repealed, a Duty of 20s. on every 100 lbs. Weight of Materials Imposed.

Duties to be raised under the same Powers as the Duty repealed.

One thousand Pounds Weight of the fluxed Materials or Metal, and to impose another Rate of Duty in lieu thereof, and to alter and amend the said Act: And whereas it is also necessary to c alter and amend the Laws for collecting the Duties on Plate ' Glass, and on Crown and German Sheet Glass Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Duty of Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings on every One thousand Pounds Weight of the fluxed Materials or Metal or other Preparations made for the Purpose of making Flint or Phial Glass, and so much of the said Act as is herein-before recited, shall be and the same is hereby repealed, save and except as to any Arrear of Duty which may be due and owing or which may be charged or incurred before the Commencement of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That in lieu of the Duty by this Act repealed there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid throughout the United Kingdom the Rates and Duties of Excise herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,) for and upon every One hundred Pounds Weight Avoirdupois, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity of the fluxed Materials or Metal or other Preparations whatever, by what Name soever the same are or may be called or known, that shall be made in Great Britain or Ireland for the Purpose of making Flint Glass, the Sum of Twenty Shillings; such Duties to be charged on the gross Gauge of such fluxed Materials or Metal or other Preparation in the Pot, of which fluxed Materials or Metal or other Preparations, Three thousand two hundred being taken as the Specific Gravity, Eleven shall be the Circular Divisor for finding the Contents of each Pot in Pounds Weight Avoirdupois, without any Deduction, Abatement, or Allowance whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Duties by this Act imposed and granted shall and may be levied, raised, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and allowed in such and the like Manner, and in and by any or either of the general or special Means, Ways, or Methods, by which the former Duties of Excise upon Goods, Wares, or Commodities of the same Sorts or Kinds were or might be levied, raised, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and allowed, except as far as the same are altered or repealed by this Act; and that all and every Act and Acts of Parliament relating to the Duties of Excise, and every Fine, Pain, Penalty, or Forfeiture of any kind whatsoever, for any Offence against or in breach of any Act or Acts for securing the Duties of Excise or any of them, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, in force immediately before the Commencement of this Act, and the several Clauses, Powers, and Directions therein contained, shall and the same respectively are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be applied, practised, and put in execution for and in respect of the Duties of Excise by this Act imposed, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all and every of the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties,

and

A.D. 1832. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. c. 102. 597

and Forfeitures were particularly repeated iii and re-enacted by this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That at the End of every Round Officer to make or Period of Six Weeks an Account shall be taken and made out, an Account, by the Supervisor, Surveyor, or Officer of the District or Place ^hRouiulor in which the Glasshouse of any Maker or Makers of Flint Glass period of Six shall be situate, of the whole Quantity of Flint Glass for or in Weeks, of the respect of which such Maker or Makers of Glass as aforesaid whole Quantity shall have been charged with Duty upon the fluxed Materials or of Glaa charged Metal or other Preparations from which such Glass as aforesaid theu^0ie shall have been made, after Deduction of the gauged Weight of Weight of

all fluxed Materials, Metal, or other Preparations taken account Glass weighed

of by the Officer and laded out of the Pot according to the within such

Provisions of the said recited Act and this Act, and of the whole ^eri°d» to

Weight of manufactured Flint Glass and Flint -Glass Wares

weighed or which shall have been made by such Maker or tional on all

Makers of Glass as aforesaid within such Round or Period of Excess above

Six Weeks as aforesaid; and if upon such Account being taken 40 per Cent.

and made out as aforesaid the Weight of such manufactured

Glass and Glass Wares as aforesaid shall exceed the Quantity of such Glass as aforesaid with which such Maker or Makers of

Glass as aforesaid shall have been so charged with Duty, after

such Deduction as aforesaid, by any Quantity greater than the

Quantity of Forty per Centum of or upon the whole Quantity

of such Glass as last aforesaid, every such Maker or Makers

of Glass as aforesaid shall be charged with and pay the Sum

of Sixpence per Pound upon each and every Pound Weight of such Excess over and above any Duty which such Maker or Makers of Glass as aforesaid shall have paid or may have been charged with upon the fluxed Materials or Metal or

other Preparations from which such Glass as aforesaid shall have been made.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when any When Glass is manufactured Flint Glass and Glass Wares are produced to be to be weighed, weighed, it shall be lawful for the Maker of such Glass and Glass Maker may Wares to select and declare any Part of such Glass or Glass

Wares as imperfect or broken, or not properly manufactured, and and derinTitS

to desire the same not to be weighed; and thereupon all such to be weighed;

Glass and Glass Wares which shall be so selected and declared and such Goods

shall be forthwith broken to Pieces in the Presence of or by the "y b broken

Officer of Excise who shall be in attendance, and rendered unfit for Use as manufactured Glass or Glass Wares, and after being offi^rto^eigh

broken and rendered unfit for Use shall be put aside, without Remainder.

being weighed; and such Officer shall thereupon proceed to

weigh and take an Account of all the Remainder of the Flint

Glass and Glass Wares which shall be produced to him; and if

any Maker of Flint Glass shall hinder or obstruct, or cause or

suffer to be hindered or obstructed, any Officer of Excise in

breaking or causing to be broken to Pieces any Flint Glass or

Flint Glass Wares selected or declared to be imperfect, broken,

or not properly manufactured, he shall forfeit One hundred Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Officer Door of the shall attend to weigh any Flint Glass or Flint Glass Wares, such weighing Room

QqS Office tobckept

598

C. 102.

2* & 8° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

locked whilst the Officer is weighing.

All Glass to be kept in the Re-weighing Room Four Hours, unless sooner re-weighed, and as soon as reweighed, or at the Expiration of that Time, to be removed.

Repeal of 6G.4. c. 117. s. 8.

Officer shall, before opening the Door of the Weighing Room, securely lock or fasten the outer Door of the Re-weighing Room, and shall continue the same so locked or fastened during the whole Time that such Officer shall be engaged in weighing in the Weighing Room, and until all the Glass which shall have been weighed shall be removed into the Re-weighing Room; and all Glass, after being weighed, shall be deposited and remain in the Re-weighing Room for the Space of Four Hours after being weighed, unless sooner re-weighed by the Surveyor or Supervisor; and as soon as re-weighed by the Surveyor or Supervisor, or at the Expiration of such Four Hours, all such Glass as aforesaid shall be forthwith removed from the Re-weighing Room; and every Maker of Flint Glass who shall prevent or hinder, or cause or suffer to be prevented or hindered, any Officer of Excise from securely locking or fastening the Door of the Re-weighing Room, or who shall open such Door after the same shall have been locked or fastened, and during the Time that any Officer shall be engaged in the weighing of Glass, or who shall remove any Glass from out of the Re-weighing Room before the End of Four Hours, unless sooner re-weighed by the Surveyor or Supervisor, or who shall not, immediately after any Glass having been re-weighed by the Surveyor or Supervisor, or at the End of Four Hours after the same shall have been deposited in the Reweighing Room, remove all such Glass from and out of such Re-weighing Room, shall forfeit Two hundred Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as enacts," that from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-five all and every Maker or Makers of Flint Glass shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required, at or before the Hour of Six o'clock in the Evening of Saturday in each and every Week, to work out in Wares, or to cause and procure to be worked out in Wares, the whole of the Materials, Metal, or other Preparations which at any Time during that Week shall have been fluxed or melted in any Pot or Pots to him, her, or them belonging, for the Purpose of making Flint Glass; or, upon a Notice for that Purpose given by such Maker or Makers of Glass to the proper Officer of Excise Six Hours before he, she, or they shall commence to lade out any Part of such Metal, to lade out, in the Presence of the Supervisor or Officer attending upon such Notice for that Purpose, the whole of such Materials, Metal, or other Preparations as aforesaid which may remain in such Pot after such Maker or Makers shall have ceased to work out any Wares therefrom; and the gauged Weight of such laded fluxed Materials, Metal, or Preparations, as taken by the Supervisor or Officer in the Pot, shall be deducted from the Weight of Glass for or in respect of which such Maker or Makers shall at that Time be chargeable with Duty upon the Gauge thereof taken in the Pot according to the Provisions of this Act; and if any such Maker or Makers of Glass as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse so to do, he, she, or they shall for every such Pot in respect of which he, she, or they shall commit or make such Neglect or Refusal forfeit the Sura of Two hundred Pounds," shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

A.D. 1832.

C. 102.

599

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Maker of Flint Glass shall and he is hereby required, at or before the Hour of Six o'Clock in the Evening of Saturday in each and every Week, to work out into Wares, or to cause and procure to be worked out into Wares, the whole of the Materials, Metal, or other Preparations which at any Time during that Week shall have been fluxed or melted in any Pot or Pots to him belonging, for the Purpose of making Flint Glass; or, in case of such Maker of Flint Glass not being able to work out the whole of such Materials, Metal, or Preparations into Wares by the Time aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Maker, upon a Notice given by him to the proper Officer of Excise Six Hours before commencing to lade out any Part of such Metal, to lade out into Water, before the said Hour of Six o'Clock in the Evening of Saturday, in the Presence of the Supervisor or Officer, who shall attend upon such Notice for that Purpose, the whole of such Materials, Metal, or other Preparations as may remain in any Pot or Pots after such Maker shall have ceased to work out any Wares therefrom; and the gauged Weight of such laded fluxed Materials, Metal, or other Preparations, as taken by the Supervisor or Officer in the Pot, shall be deducted from the Weight of Glass for or in respect of which such Maker shall at that Time be chargeable with Duty upon the Gauge thereof taken in the Pot according to the Provisions of the said recited Act; and every Maker of Flint Glass who shall neglect or refuse to work out all such Materials, Metal, or other Preparations into Wares, or to lade out into Water the same, on such Notice as aforesaid, before the Hour of Six o'Clock in the Evening of Saturday, or who shall lade out any Materials, Metal, or Preparations without having given such Notice as aforesaid, or without the Presence of the Supervisor or Officer, shall forfeit Two hundred Pounds: Provided always, that no Deduction or Allowance shall be made or granted by any Officer of Excise for or in respect of any Materials, Metal, or Preparations laded out at any other Time than at the Conclusion of the Journey or Week's Making, except in the Case of Pots cracking or breaking, provided for by the said recited Act.

IX. And whereas Doubts have been entertained whether Pots 6 charged as Overtakers under the Provisions of the said recited ' Act, during any Journey or Making of Flint Glass, are required

to be opened at one and the same Time as the Pots charged at

the Commencement of the same Journey or Making, or whether all such Pots only as may be charged as Overtakers are required 6 to be opened together at one and the same Time; be it further enacted, That all such Pots as may be charged as Overtakers during any Journey or Making of Flint Glass shall be opened at one and the same Time, in the same Manner as the other Pots of the same Journey or Making are required to be opened at one and the same Time.

X. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as provides and enacts," that if the fluxed Materials, Metal, or other Preparations contained in any such Pot or Pots of which such Notice shall be given as aforesaid be coloured Glass, and incapable of being used for White Glass, or otherwise than as Blue, Green, or other coloured Glass, it shall be lawful for any

Q q 4 such

The whole of the Flint Glass fluxed in each Week to be worked or laded, out by Six Q'Clock ou Saturday Evening,

No Allowance to be granted, unless in the Case of Pots breaking.

Overtakers to be opened, as Pots charged at Commencement of the Journey are directed to be opened, at one and the same Time.

Sect 16. of 6 G. 4. c. 117. repealed.

C. 102.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Within Sixteen Hours after charging any Pot, the Materials may, on Notice, be laded out into Water, in order to improve them, and be returned into the Pot.

Inside of every Lear to be covered with Plaster or Cement.

such Maker or Makers, on giving Six Hours Notice thereof, and of such his, her, or their Intention, to the surveying Officer of Excise, specifying therein the particular Pot or Pots, to lade out, in the Presence of the Supervisor or surveying Officer, all such fluxed Materials, Metal, or other Preparations as shall be therein, into Water, and thereupon to make such Alteration in such Materials, Metal, or other Preparations as he, she, or they may think fit, for deepening or improving the Colour thereof aforesaid, and forthwith to recharge such Pot or Pots with such Materials, Metal, or other Preparations, for the making of such coloured Glass as aforesaid only; and every such Pot or Pots so recharged shall be deemed and shall be subject to the same Regulations as are herein-before provided with respect to such Pots as are commonly called Overtakers; and that when such Pot or Pots shall be again unstopped, Duty shall be charged upon the gauged Weight of all the fluxed Materials or other Preparations contained therein; and every such Maker or Makers shall be liable to pay the Duty so charged as last aforesaid, the gauged Weight of the fluxed Materials, Metal, or other Preparations so laded out as aforesaid being deducted as aforesaid, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding," shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Maker of Flint Glass, within Sixteen Hours after filling or commencing to charge any Pot, but not after, on giving Six Hours Notice of his Intention to the surveying Officer of Excise, specifying therein the particular Pot or Pots, to lade out into Water, in the Presence of the Supervisor or surveying Officer, all such fluxed Materials, Metal, or other Preparations as shall be in such Pot, whether such Materials, Metal, or Preparations be for coloured Glass or white Glass, and thereupon to make such Alteration in such Materials, Metal, or other Preparations as he may think fit, for improving the same, or for deepening or improving the Colour thereof, and forthwith to recharge such Pot with such Materials, Metal, or other Preparations for the making of such Glass; and every such Pot so recharged shall be deemed and shall be subject to the same Regulations as are herein-before provided with respect to such Pots as are commonly called Overtakers; and that when such Pot shall be again unstopped Duty shall be charged upon the gauged Weight of all the fluxed Materials, Metal, or other Preparations contained therein; and every such Maker or Makers shall be liable to pay the Duty so charged as last aforesaid, the gauged Weight of all the fluxed Materials, Metal, or other Preparations so laded out as aforesaid being deducted; any thing in the said Act or this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Maker of Flint Glass shall cause the Inside of every Lear used by him for annealing Flint Glass to be covered with Cement or Plaster, to the Satisfaction of the Supervisor of Excise, and shall keep the same so covered, and shall, whenever thereto required by Notice in Writing from the Supervisor of Excise of the District, or any superior Officer, cause such Cement or Plaster to be renewed; and every Maker of Flint Glass who shall neglect to cause the Inside of any Lear to be so covered with Cement or Plaster, or who shall neglect.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 102.

601

neglect, for the Space of Fourteen Days after being required by any such Notice as aforesaid, to renew the same, shall forfeit One hundred Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as enacts," that from and idler the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-five no Maker or Makers of Flint Glass shall incur the Penalty of Two hundred Pounds under an Act passed in the Fifty-first Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, by reason of his, her, or their not pulling, placing, or depositing in One or more of such Lears, for the Purpose of annealing the same, or for not annealing therein all the Flint Glass which shall from Time to Time be by him, her, or them made or manufactured, but that it shall and may be lawful for any Maker or Makers of Flint Glass to make or manufacture Flint Glass which shall not be so put, placed, or deposited as aforesaid in any Lear or Lears, or to be annealed therein as aforesaid, upon such Maker or Makers of Glass as aforesaid giving Six Hours Notice in Writing to the Officer or Officers of Excise under whose Survey he, she, or they shall then be of his, her, or their Intention so to do, specifying in such Notice the Number and particular Pot or Pots from which he, she, or they intends or intend to make or manufacture such Flint Glass, and the particular Kinds of Wares to be made therefrom: Provided always, that if such Maker or Makers of Flint Glass as aforesaid shall neglect or omit to give such Notice as in that Behalf aforesaid, nothing herein contained shall in anywise extend or be deemed or construed to extend to prevent such Maker or Makers of Glass as aforesaid from incurring such Penalty as above mentioned," together with all Provisions of the said recited Act permitting or regulating the Manufacture of Flint Glass not required to be annealed, without the same being put, placed, or deposited in a Lear," shall be and the same is and are hereby repealed; and that from and after the Commencement of this Act all Flint Glass and Flint Glass Wares which shall be manufactured by any Maker of Flint Glass shall be put, placed, and deposited in a Lear in manner required by the said recited Act of the Fifty-first Year of His said Majesty Y Reign, on pain of forfeiting the Penalty thereby incurred.

XIV. And whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled 4. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Glass imported into or made in Great Britain, the following Allowances in all Pots containing more than One Hundred 1 Weight, used for the making of Blown Plate Glass or Cast Plate Glass, are directed to be made to the Makers of Plate Glass; that is to say, One Third Part of the Metal or other Materials contained therein and of Four Inches at the Bottom of every such Pot used for the making of Blown Plate Glass, and One Half of the Metal or other Materials contained therein and Four Inches at the Bottom of every Pot used for the making of Cast Plate Glass: And whereas the *said Allowances were granted on Pots which were fixed, and not moveable, 4 from whence the Metal was laded into Cisterns or other Vessels before casting; but where moveable Pots are used the said

Allow-

Regulations in 6 G.4. c. 117. as to unannealed Goods repealed, and all Flint Glass to be put into the Lear.

Where moveable Pots are used in casting Plate Glass, an Allowance of Two Inches only to be made.

C. 102.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Allowance of Four Inches at the Bottom is not required, but Two Inches are sufficient be it therefore enacted, That in lieu of the said Allowance of Four Inches the Officers of Excise shall allow Two Inches only in the Bottom of each such Pot as shall be used in the making of Blown or Cast Plate Glass as the Founding Pot, and be brought direct from the Furnace to the Casting Table, and there emptied of the Metal or Materials therein contained, without such Metal or Materials being laded or removed out into any Cistern or other Vessel; which said Allowance of Two Inches shall be as full Compensation as the Allowance of Four Inches is by the said Act declared to be: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be deemed to alter the said Allowance of Four Inches in Pots not moveable, and from whence the Metal or Materials are laded or removed into Cisterns or other Vessels before being cast or blown.

Notice to be

XV. And be it further enacted, That before any Maker of given to Officer Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass shall begin to close or of Excise before gt0p Up any annealing Arch or Oven containing any Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass, he shall deliver to the proper Officer of Excise a Declaration in Writing, specifying the true

Number of Tables of Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass respectively put or deposited and contained in each and every such annealing Arch respectively, and also the true Number of Inches in Length occupied by such Tables of Glass from the Back or Bottom of each such Arch to the First or Front Table of Glass, and the true Number of Inches unoccupied between such First or Front Table and the Grating at the Mouth of the Arch; and if either the Number of Tables specified in such Declaration shall be greater or less than at and after the Rate of Five per Cent on the Number of Tables put or deposited or found in any such annealing Arch, or if the Number of Inches specified in any such Declaration as occupied by Tables of Glass* or unoccupied in any such annealing Arch, shall be found to vary in a greater or lesser Proportion than at and after the Rate of Five per Cent. from the Number of Inches ascertained on any Measurement of any such annealing Arch by any Officer of Excise, such Maker shall forfeit Fifty Pounds; and if any such Maker shall neglect or refuse to deliver such Declaration as aforesaid, or if any such Variation in the Number of Tables as aforesaid, and also at the same Time any such Variation in the Number of Inches, shall be found or discovered, such Maker shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise to permit and allow any annealing Arch or Oven intended to be used for annealing German Sheet Glass to be made and constructed with Two Mouths or Entrances to the same, provided such annealing Arch be constructed, built, and made in other respects in conformity with the Directions and Regulations of the said recited Act of the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the Third, and that each said Mouth or Entrance be secured in manner required and under the Penalties imposed by the same Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Maker of Spread Window Glass, Crown Glass, or German

IOr Sheet

Commissioners of Excise may allow Two Entrances to Arches for annealing German Sheet Glass.

Window Glass, Crown Glass,

A.D. 1832. 2o & 3° GULIELMI IV. c. 102, 103.

Sheet Glass to colour any such Glass manufactured by him without the same being deemed to be Flint Glass, any thing in an Act passed in the Fifty-first Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for repealing the Duty on the Materials used in making Flint and Phial Glass, and for granting, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve, other Duties in lieu thereof and for continuing and amending an Act passed in the Forty-ninth Year of His Majesty's Feign, intituled 4An Act for repealing the Duties on the Materials used in making Spread Window Glass, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and ' for the better Collection of the said Duties, ' to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Maker of Flint Glass, or of Spread Window Glass, or Crown Glass, or German Sheet Glass, who shall fraudulently hide or conceal or cause to be hidden or concealed, or who shall fraudulently remove or deposit or cause to be removed or deposited, any Flint Glass, or Spread Window Glass, or Crown Glass, or German Sheet Glass, or Plate Glass, with Intent to evade the Duties payable thereon, or any Part of such Duties, shall, over and above every other Penalty to which he may thereby become subject, forfeit Five hundred Pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect on the Eleventh Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered, repealed, or varied by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

Cap. cm.

An Act to provide for the Examination and Audit of the Customs and Excise Revenues in Scotland.

[11th August 1832.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for settling and establishing a Court of Exchequer in the North Part of Great Britain called Scotland, all Accounts relating to ' the Revenues and Duties of Customs and Excise, any ways

appertaining or which thereafter should appertain to the Queen's Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, within Scotland, and all Accounts concerning Forfeitures and Penalties which ' had been incurred or should or might be incurred, or become any ways due and payable, in Scotland, by force or virtue of any Law or Statute touching or relating to the Customs or Excise, are placed within the Jurisdictions and Authority of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and are by that Act

annexed to the said Court: And whereas it is by the said Act 4 (amongst other things) enacted, that all and every such Person 6 and Persons as is or are or shall be appointed under the aforesaid Seal which by the Articles of Union is appointed to be kept in Scotland to be the Auditor or Auditors of the said

Revenues of Customs or Excise, or other Crown Revenues or

Duties

603

and German Sheet Glass may be coloured without being deemed Flint Glass.

Penalty on removing Glass to evade tho Duties.

Commencement of the Act.

Act may be altered this Session.

6 Ann. c. 26.

604

C. 103.

2° &3° GULIELMI TV.

A.D. 1832.

Duties whatsoever, in Scotland or any Part thereof, shall take ' the same or like Oath, mutatis mutandis, for the due Execution

of his or their Office or Offices, before the Barons of the said

Court of Exchequer in Scotland, as any Auditor of any of the ' Crown Revenues in England hath or have used or ought to

take; and such Auditor or Auditors shall have the taking and making up all the said Accounts, which being sworn to by the ' respective Accountants as to the Truth thereof, and allowed ' and declared by and before the said Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or before the Chief Baron or some other of the

Barons of the said Court of Exchequer, the same shall be examined, entered, and inrolled in the Offices of Remembrancer of the Queen's Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors,

and Particulars and Vouchers of such Account contained in a ' Bag for that Purpose shall be there left, and such Account (shall be also entered in the Office of the Lord Treasurer's

Remembrancer, in such and the like Manner as is and hath ' been used in the like Offices in England, and then shall be delivered into the Pipe Office in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and the Clerk of the Pipe, or chief Officer in that

Office, or his Deputy, (in case that Office shall be executed by Deputy,) shall cause the said Accounts to be examined, and if found true to be entered and inrolled in the said Office, and shall make and give a Quietus or Discharge to the

Accountant thereupon, which shall be a Discharge to and for ' such Accountant as to all the Revenues, Duties, Matters, and Things therein and thereby accounted for, paid, and answered;

and if any Supers or Arrears shall be set upon the Accountant, ' or any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, 4 by or upon the said Account, the Court of Exchequer in ' Scotland shall award all proper and effectual Process to be ' made and issued out of such One of the Two Remembrancer's

Offices as the Court shall direct, for the speedy accounting for,

levying, and receiving of such Supers and Arrears, and answering

the same to the Use of the Crown, in such Sort and Manner as in like Cases may by Law be done or hath been used in the Court of Exchequer in England: And whereas an Act was ' passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty

4G.4. c. 23. King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to consolidate the

severed Boards of Customs and also the several Boards of Excise of Great Britain and Ireland: And whereas by an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His said late 7&8 G.4. c. 53. Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Collection and Management of the Revenue of Excise throughout Great Britain and Ireland, 4 His Majesty is authorized and empowered to appoint, under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, any Number of Persons not exceeding Thirteen to be Commissioners of Excise for the Collection and Management of the whole of the Revenue of

Excise arising in and throughout the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Islands and Territories thereunto respectively belonging: And whereas by the said last-recited Act it is (amongst other things) enacted, that it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or any Three of the Commissioners

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV,

C. 103 *

605

sioners of the Treasury, from Time to Time, under his Hand and Seal or under their Hands and Seals, to appoint a Comptroller and an Auditor for the United Kingdom, for the Purpose of comptrolling and auditing respectively all Accounts of and belonging to the Revenue of Excise, with such Salaries respectively, payable by the Commissioners of Excise out of the Revenue of Excise, as the Lord High Treasurer or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury may in that

Behalf order and direct; and that such Comptroller and Auditor

respectively shall in all respects be subject to such Rules,

Orders, Regulations, and Directions as the Lord High Treasurer or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury shall from Time to Time make or prescribe, and transmit to the said Comptroller and Auditor respectively, for their Direction and Guidance in their respective Offices: And whereas an Act was passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Support of His Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland: And whereas the whole Revenue of Excise in and throughout the United Kingdom being now under the Controul and Management of One Board or Body of Commissioners, under and by virtue of the Two recited Acts of the Fourth and Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Fourth, and the Revenue of Customs throughout the United Kingdom being also under the Controul and Management of One Board or Body of Commissioners, it is expedient that all the Revenues and Duties, Customs and Excise, any ways appertaining to His Majesty within Scotland, and all Forfeitures and Penalties which have been incurred or shall or may be incurred or become any ways due and payable, in Scotland, 4 by force or virtue of any Law or Statute touching or relating to the Customs or Excise, should be received, answered, paid, and satisfied, and be accounted for, comptrolled, and audited, 4 as the Revenues and Duties of Customs and Excise, and Penalties and Forfeitures, arising in England, are received, 4 answered, paid, satisfied, accounted for, and comptrolled and audited; but the same cannot be fully carried into effect without the Repeal of so much of the said recited Act of Her Majesty Queen Anne as requires the said Accounts to be comptrolled and audited and inrolled in Scotland; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, hereinbefore recited, as relates to the Auditor or Auditors of the said Revenues of Customs and Excise in Scotland, or any Part thereof, or to the taking or making up the Accounts of or relating to the said Revenues of Customs or Excise, or to the Accountants thereof, or to the allowing, declaring, examining, entering, inrolling, leaving, or delivering any such Accounts or Vouchers of such Account, or the discharging, thereof, as specified in that Act, or which relate to the accounting for, paying, answering,

receiving,

1W.4. c. 25.

Part of Act 6 Anne, c. 26. repealed.

C. 103.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Accounts of the Revenue of Excise in Scotland to be comptrolled and audited with the Accounts of the Excise Revenue in England.

After 10 Oct. 1832, Revenue of Customs in Scotland to be carried to the Consolidated Fund.

By whom Accounts of Revenue in Scotland to be audited.

This Act not to affect Jurisdiction of Court of Exchequer in Scotland, &c.

receiving, or discharging, by the Commissioners of Customs or Excise, of any of the Revenues or Duties of Customs or Excise in Scotland, or any of the Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures which shall be there recovered, or shall become due and payable under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Revenue of Customs or Excise, shall be repealed, and the same is hereby declared to be repealed accordingly.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Revenues and Duties of Excise any ways appertaining to His Majesty within Scotland, and all Duties of Excise there arising and being, and all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures which shall be incurred or become due and payable in Scotland under or by virtue of any Law or Laws relating to the Revenue of Excise, shall, when paid, answered, recovered, received, and discharged, be accounted for, and the Accounts thereof delivered, examined, comptrolled, and audited by the Comptroller and Auditor of Excise appointed for the United Kingdom, with and in such Manner only as the like Revenues and Duties, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, arising in England, are directed to be accounted for, paid, answered, received, and discharged, and the Accounts thereof delivered, examined, comptrolled, and audited; any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two all and every the Revenue of Customs any ways appertaining to His Majesty within Scotland, and the Produce of all Forfeitures, Fines, and Penalties accruing in Scotland for the Breach of any Law relating to the Revenue of Customs, shall be paid to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, or to such Person as they shall appoint, to be from Time to Time paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, to be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Tenth Day of October the Accounts of the said Revenue of Customs arising in Scotland shall be audited in the same Manner and before the same Persons as the Accounts of the Revenues of Customs arising in England are directed by Law to be audited.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein-before contained shall be deemed or construed to extend to repeal or alter the said recited Act, except as hereby repealed and altered, or in any Manner to affect the legal Jurisdiction of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland as now by Law established, but that all Persons employed about the collecting the Customs or Excise Revenues in Scotland shall continue subject to the Jurisdiction of the said Court; and all and every the Debts, Duties, and Revenues of Customs or Excise, and all Arrears thereof due, or which shall become due and payable to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in Scotland, and all Debts, Duties, and Revenues which shall have arisen or shall become due and payable, in Scotland, under or by virtue of any Law or Laws of Customs or Excise, and all and every the Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures which shall have been incurred, or shall be incurred and become due and payable, in Scotland, under or by virtue

607

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. c. 103, 104.

virtue of the said Laws or any of them, shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered in the said Court of Exchequer as heretofore, and according to the Practice of such Court and of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in England, in like Manner as if this Act nad not been passed, and by all or any of the general or special Ways, Means, and Methods by which such Debts, Duties, Revenues, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures might heretofore have been and have been and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered; any thing in this or any other Act or Acts to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the Accounts relating to the Revenues of Customs and Excise in Scotland which have been comptrolled and audited, but which have not been sworn to or inrolled in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, shall be inrolled in the Exchequer at Westminster without any further Comptrol or Audit.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect from and immediately after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or any of the Provisions thereof, may be amended, altered, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. CIV.

An Act to regulate the Period of rendering the Public

Accounts and making up the General Imprest Certificates.

[11th August 1832.]

WHEREAS the Sums required for the various Public Ser7v vices have been voted by the Commons House of Parliament for a Period of Five Quarters, commencing on the First Day of January last past, and ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three; and the Estimates of the Sums which will be required for the Public Service will henceforth be made up for the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March, instead of the Thirty-first Day of December, as has hitherto been done: And whereas it is expedient that the rendering of the Public Accounts should correspond with such Periods; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered (if they shall deem it expedient) , to order and cause all or any Public Accountants in any Department of the Public Service to make up their Accounts for such Periods, and from and to such Days, as to the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury shall seem expedient; and all and every sqch Accountants and Sub-Accountants shall make up their respective Accounts conformably to such Orders as they shall hereafter receive from the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners

As to Accounts already comptrolled.

[Commencement of Act.]

Act may be altered this Session.

Treasury to order Accounts to be made up for certain Periods;

608

A.D. 1832.

and delivered to Commissioners of Audit.

Treasury may order quarterly Periods for making up General Imprest Certificates to end - otherwise than as prescribed by 1 & 2 G. 4, c. 121.

Imprest Certificates to be transmitted to Commissioners of Audit.

S0 G. 3. c. 10.

C. 104, 105. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV.

sioners of the Treasury, and shall render and deliver the same, so made up, to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts (whensoever by Law or Usage they are required to deliver their Accounts to the said Commissioners of Audit) within Three Calendar Months of the Day to which the said respective Accounts shall be directed to be made up, unless the said Commissioners of Audit shall, in pursuance of the Powers now vested in them, enlarge the said Time for delivering the said respective Accounts.

II. And whereas an Act was passed in the First and Second ' Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth,

1 intituled An Act to alter and abolish certain Forms of Proceedings ' in the Exchequer and Audit Office, relative to Public Accountants,

and for making further Provisions for the Purpose of facilitating 6 and expediting die passing of Public Accounts in Great Britain;

and to render perpetual and amend an Act passed in the Fifty- fourth Year of His late Majesty, for the effectual Examination of the Accounts of certain Colonial Revenues: And whereas it may ' be expedient to alter the quarterly Periods prescribed by the said Act for the making up and transmitting the General Im-1 prest Certificates made out in the Office of the Auditor of the ' Exchequer; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered (if they shall deem it expedient) , from Time to Time to order and direct that the quarterly Periods for which the said General Imprest Certificates shall hereafter be made up shall end on other Days instead of those prescribed by the said Act, and to appoint and name such other Days for that Purpose; and the said General Imprest Certificates shall be made out accordingly, and shall be transmitted to the aforesaid Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts within Thirty Days after each of the said quarterly Days to be appointed and named as aforesaid, instead of the Days prescribed by the said Act.

CAP. CV.

An Act for the better Support of the Dignity of the Speaker of the House of Commons; and for disabling the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being from holding any Office or Place of Profit, during Pleasure, under the Crown.

[11th August 1832.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled i An Act for the better Support of the Dignity of the Speaker of the House of Commons; and for disabling the Speaker of the

House of Commons for the Time being from holding any Office 1 or Place of Profit, during Pleasure, under the Orourn, wherein ' it was recited that the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being desirous of making Provision for enabling the 1 Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being more (effectually to support the Dignity of the said Office, and the ' Expence necessarily attending, the same, had resolved that for

that

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 105.

609

that Purpose a Sum should be issued at the Exchequer, which,

together with the Fees and Allowances of Five Pounds per Day

payable on account of the said Office, might amount to the

clear yearly Sum of Six thousand Pounds: And whereas it is

expedient to provide for the Payment of the said yearly Sum

of Six thousand Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and to appro-

priate the Fees now payable to the Speaker of the House of

4 Commons to the Fee Fund of the said House:' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Speaker of the House of Com- The Speaker of

mons for the Time being shall be entitled to and shall have and H. C. to receive

receive the clear yearly Sum of Six thousand Pounds, and the a yearly Sum in

same shall be charged upon and made payable out of the Con- lleu of Fees>&c *

solidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and shall be paid quarterly at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, at the Four most usual quarterly Days

of Payment in the Year, (that is to say,) the Fifth Day of

January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the

Tenth Day of October in every Year; and such Payments shall be made out of the said Consolidated Fund, after paying, or

reserving sufficient to pay, all such Sum and Sums of Money as

may have been directed, by any Act or Acts of Parliament

passed previously to the said recited Act, to be paid out of the same, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall have been or may hereafter be charged upon or payable out of the said Fund; and the said Sum of Six thousand Pounds shall be in

lieu and instead of any Fees heretofore paid to the said Speaker,

and of an Allowance of Five Pounds per Day heretofore usually

made to him out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, and also

of the Payments directed to be made to him under and by virtue of the said recited Act; and the Receipt of the said Speaker for the Time being shall be a sufficient Discharge for the same.

H. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Treasury to Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury of the ffirect a Deben-United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized tle Exchequer and required, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct a Deben- for Payment of ture to be made forth and passed by the proper Officers at the the Salary. Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, from Time to Time, for paying the said Sum in manner as -aforesaid, or such Proportion of any quarterly Payment thereof as may be due at the Time of the Death or Resignation of any such Speaker, and as the same shall from Time to Time become due and payable, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; which said Warrant and Debenture to be made forth and passed thereon respectively shall be sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the Time being, for the Payment of such Sum, at the respective Days to be appointed for such Payments, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that Behalf.

2 & 3 Gul. IV. R r III. And

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

C. 105, 106.

Sum to be free of all Taxes, &c.

Provision in case of a Dissolution.

Speaker not to bold any Office under the Crown.

Application of Fees.

52 G. 3. c.ll.

[Commencement of Act.]

Recited Act of 30 G. 3. c. 10. repealed.

47 G. 3. Cess. 2. c. 25.

III. And be it farther enacted, That the said Sum hereby directed to be issued shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impositions, Fees, and other Charges whatever; and the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being shall be free and clear of all Taxes, Impositions, Fees, and Charges in respect of such Sum; any thing herein contained in any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case of any Dissolution of Parliament the Speaker of the House of Commons at the Time of such Dissolution shall for the Purposes of this Act be deemed to be the Speaker of the House of Commons until a Speaker shall be chosen by the new Parliament.

V. And be it enacted, That the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being shall not hold or enjoy, in his own Name or in the Name of any Person or Persons in Trust for him or for his Benefit, any Office or Place of Profit under the Crown during Pleasure.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Tees which shall be received on account of the Speaker of the House of Commons shall from Time to Time be paid into the Hands of the Commissioners appointed by an Act passed in the Fifty-second Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for establishing certain Regulations in the Offices of the House of Commons, and to establish other and further Regulations in the said Offices, or of such Person or Persons as they shall by Warrant under their Hands and Seals appoint to collect the same; and the said Fees shall form Part of the Fund under the Care and Management of the said Commissioners.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect from and after the first of the said Quarter Days which shall ensue after the Termination of the present Session of Parliament; and the first Payment of the said Annuity shall be due and payable upon the first of the said quarterly Days which shall follow the Commencement of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after Ten Days after the Commencement of this Act the said recited Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

CAP. CVI.

An Act to enable the Officers in His Majesty's Army, and their Representatives, and the Widows of Officers, and Persons on the Compassionate List, and also Civil Officers on Retired or Superannuation Allowances payable by the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, to draw for and receive their Half Pay and Allowances.

[11th August 1832.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled

An Act for the more convenient Payment of Half Pay and Pensions and other Allowances to Officers and Widows of Officers, and

4 to

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 106.

611

to Persons upon the Compassionate List, certain Provisions were made respecting the Mode in which Officers in His Majesty's ' Forces, and Widows of any such Officers, and Persons receiving ' any Allowance or Pension on the Compassionate List, or any ' Pension, Allowance, or Relief in respect of any Military Service, should receive the same: And whereas it would tend to

the greater Convenience and Advantage of such Persons if

they were enabled to draw for such Half Pay, Pensions, and 1 Allowances by Bills of Exchange on the Paymaster General of i His Majesty's Forces for the Time being, instead of being paid

the same in the Manner provided by the said Act, and likewise ' of such Persons as by reason of their having served any Civil ' Offices are on Retired or Superannuation Allowances payable ' by the said Paymaster General, if they were enabled to draw in ' like Manner for the same, instead of being paid in the Manner ' now provided; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from Half Pay to and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred Office* and and thirty*three, if any Officer or Person who has served in any

of His Majesty's Forces, or in any Forces which have been here- ti^o^Superl tofore or may hereafter be engaged in His Majesty's Service, and annuation Al-who shall be entitled to receive any Half Pay, Pension, or Allow- lowances, may ance, or any Widow of any such Officer, or any Person who shall be Paid by Bill be entitled to receive any Allowance or Pension on the Compas- of Exchange* sionate List, or any Pension, Allowance, or Relief in respect of any Military Service, or any Person who shall be entitled to any Retired or Superannuation Allowance payable by the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces by reason of his having served any Civil Office, shall be desirous of drawing a Bill of Exchange for the same upon the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, instead of receiving the same by Remittance Bill, or in the Manner now provided for Payment thereof, and shall signify such Desire by Letter to the Paymaster General, transmitting therewith the usual Affidavit or Certificate, or Affidavit and Certificate in such Cases where both are required, as prescribed by His Majesty's Warrant, or the usual Documents now required before Payment of the same, the Cashier or proper Officer in the Army Pay Office (first satisfying himself from the annual Establishment and Books in the said Office of the Amount of Half Pay, Pension, Allowance, or Relief due,) shall certify the same upon an Order to draw according to the Form in the Schedule hereunto annexed, which Order shall then be dispatched from the said Office to the Officer or Person so desiring Payment; and such Order and Bill, when returned and presented to the Paymaster General, duly filled up by the said Officer or Person, shall be retained, and shall become payable and be paid by the said Paymaster General according to its Tenor, in like Manner as if it had been accepted, and shall, with the Acquittance of the Party claiming Payment of the same, and with the said Affidavit or Certificate, or Affidavit and Certificate where both are required, or the Documents now required before Payment, annexed thereto, be a sufficient Voucher and Dis-

R r 2 charge

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV.

Representatives of deceased Officer or Person entitled may receive Half Pay or Pension by Bill.

Forging Certificates, &c. Felony.

Persons entitled to Half Pay, Pensions, or Allowances, may receive the same by Remittance Bills.

Party to whom Remittance Bills are payable to appear personally.

C. 106.

A.D. 1832.

charge to the Paymaster General for such Payment in his annual Account.

II. And be it further enacted, That if the Executors or Administrators of any such deceased Officer or Person who at the Time of his or her Death was entitled to any such Half Pay, Pension, Allowance, or Relief, shall be desirous of receiving the same by Bill of Exchange in the Manner herein-before provided for Payment of the same to any such Officer or Person, and shall signify such his, her, or their Desire by Letter to the said Paymaster General, requesting Payment thereof accordingly, and transmitting the usual Affidavit or Certificate, or Affidavit and Certificate where both are required, as prescribed by His Majesty's Warrant, or the usual Documents now required before Payment in the Case of such Executors or Administrators, it shall be lawful for the said Paymaster General to pay or cause the same to be paid to such Executors or Administrators, or Parties entitled to any such Half Pay, Pension, Allowance, or Relief, in the Manner herein-before provided for the Payment to any such Officer or Person.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall falsely make, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged, or counterfeited, or willingly act or assist in the false making, forging, or counterfeiting of any such Authority or Certificate, or Bill of Exchange, or shall utter as true any such false, forged, or counterfeited Authority or Certificate, or Bill of Exchange, knowing the same to be false, forged, or counterfeited, with Intent to defraud^any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, every such Person so offending shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be transported for Seven Years, or suffer Imprisonment for any Term not exceeding Four Years, as the Court shall direct.

IV. And be it further enacted, That any Officer or Person who shall be entitled to any such Half Pay, Pension, Allowance, or Relief as aforesaid shall be at liberty, whenever he or she shall think fit, to receive the same by means of a Remittance Bill, to be made out payable to any such Person, and to be signed by the Cashier of Half Pay, the Cashier of Widows Pensions, or by the Chief Cashier, or by any Cashier duly appointed and authorized to act for any of the said several Cashiers for any or either of the Services respectively which they are or may be respectively authorized by the said Paymaster General to pay; and every such Remittance Bill shall be drawn upon and made payable by the Receiver General of the Land Tax, the Collector of the Cess in Scotland, or any Collector of the Duties of Customs or Excise; and Payment on every such Remittance Bill shall be made only to the Party to whom the same shall be expressed to be payable, except in Cases where such Party shall by Illness or bodily Infirmity be disabled from appearing personally, in which Cases such Disability being certified by the Minister and Churchwardens of the Parish or Place where the Party shall reside, or by the Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary attending him or her, and there being no Reason to doubt the Authenticity or Truth of such Certificate, Payment shall on that Occasion be made on the

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 106.

613

the Production of the Bill to the Order in Writing of the Party to whom it is made payable: Provided always, that in case the Power to in-Receiver General of the Land Tax, the Collector of the Cess in quire into the Scotland, or any Collector of the Duties of Customs or Excise, ^en.tity of or any Person acting for any of them respectively, whose Duty a^inhter it shall be to make Payment on any Remittance Bill, shall enter- Oaths, tain any Doubt as to the Identity of the Party, the Authenticity of the Vouchers produced, or his or her Title to receive Payment, such Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Cess in Scotland, or Collector of the Duties of Customs or Excise, or any Person acting for any of them respectively, shall inquire into the same by the Oath of the Party so applying, which Oath such Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Cess in Scotland, and Collector of the Duties of Customs or Excise, and any Person acting for any of them respectively, are hereby respectively authorized to administer for that Purpose; and if any Penalty for Person shall in or by any such Oath wilfully and corruptly swear Perjury, any Matter or Thing which shall be false or untrue, being thereof lawfully convicted, he shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as any Person convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury is or shall be by any Law in force subject and liable to.

V. And whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty-second Year Recital of

of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, 52 G. s. c. 132 *

intituled An Act for explaining, amending, and extending the s*16 *

several Laws relative to the Payment of forfeited and unclaimed

4 Shares of Army Prize Money to the Royal Hospital at Chelsea,

and for directing the Mode of making up the Accounts of Pensions paid to the Widows of Officers of the Army, it is enacted, that all Letters and Packets relative to the Duties of the Office of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, which shall be forwarded by the Accountant General of the Army Pay Office or by the Cashier for the Payment of Half Pay and Widows Pensions respectively, shall be sent free from the Duty of Postage, provided that the same be under Covers, with the Words pursuant to Act of Parliament " and Army Pay 4 Office " printed upon the same, and the said Accountant or Cashier respectively (whose Names should for that Purpose be transmitted to the Post Office) do write his Name under the same: And whereas it would tend to facilitate the Dispatch of public Business in the Office of the said Paymaster General if Authority were also given to some other Person in the said Office to send such Letters and Packets as aforesaid free from Postage, in the Absence of the said Accountant or Cashier respectively be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful The Paymaster for the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces for the Time being, from Time to Time, to authorize and direct such One authorize an Person in the Office of the said Paymaster General as he shall officer in the think proper to nominate in that Behalf, and whose Name he ArmyPay Office shall from Time to Time transmit to the Secretary of the to send Letters General Post Office in London, to send free from Postage, in the a^i^the AJt>U Absence of the said Accountant General of the Army Pay Office ^.Is of the and of the said Cashier for the Payment of Half Pay and Widows Accountant Pensions, or of either of them the said Accountant and Cashier General or

R r 3 respec* Cashier of Half

614

C. 106.

Pay and Widows Pensions.

Penalty for sending free from Postage Letters containing Inclosures not relating solely to the Business of the Office.

Recital of 1 W. 4. c. 63.

Who may administer certain Oaths required by the recited Act to be taken.

Bill not liable to Stamp Duty.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

respectively, all or any of the Letters and Packets relating solely to the Business of the Office of the said Paymaster General; and every Person so nominated as aforesaid shall sign and subscribe his Name under such Words as by the last-recited Act are directed to be printed upon the Covers inclosing such Letters and Packets, in like Manner as the said Accountant. General and the said Cashier are by the said Act respectively authorized and directed to do; and the said Accountant and Cashier, and the Person so to be nominated as aforesaid, are hereby respectively strictly forbidden so to subscribe any Letter or Packet in the Manner directed by the said last-recited Act or by this Act, except only such Letters and Packets as they shall respectively know to relate solely to the Business of the Office of the said Paymaster General; and if any such Accountant or Cashier, or Person to be nominated as aforesaid, shall send, or cause or permit to be sent, under any such Cover as in the last-recited Act or this Act is mentioned, any Letter, Paper, or Writing, or any Inclosure, other than what shall relate to the public Business of the Office of the said Paymaster General, such Accountant, Cashier, or other Person so offending shall, for the First Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and for the Second Offence shall be dismissed from his Office.

VI. And whereas by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to apply the Sum 4 of One million five hundred thousand Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty, and appropriate the Supplies granted in this present Session, 4 certain Oaths are required to be taken by Officers and Persons claiming to be entitled to Half Pay, and by Widows of Officers claiming Pensions, and also by Persons claiming Allowances on the Compassionate List, or Allowances as of His Majesty's Royal Bounty, and it is expedient to make Provision for the due administering of all such Oaths be it therefore enacted, That all such Oaths as by the said last-recited Act are required to be taken, or which by any other Act or Acts for appropriating the Supplies granted or to be granted by Parliament are or at any Time hereafter shall be required to be taken by any Officer or Person claiming to be entitled to Half Pay or Retired Full Pay, or by any Widow of an Officer claiming any Pension, or by any Person claiming an Allowance on the Compassionate List, or any Allowance as of His Majesty's Royal Bounty, may be taken before any Justice of the Peace or other Person duly authorized to administer an Oath, or before any One of the Officers for the Time being in the Office of the said Paymaster General next herein-after named; (that is to say,) the Chief Cashier and his Deputy, the Cashier of Half Pay and the First Examiner of the same, the Cashier of Widows Pensions and the First Examiner of the same; and every such Justice of the Peace and other such Person as aforesaid, and every such Officer as aforesaid, is hereby respectively authorized to administer any such Oath accordingly.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Bill of Exchange or Remittance Bill which shall be drawn under or by virtue of this Act, in respect of any Half Pay, Pension, or Allowance, (except Retired or Superannuation Allowance of any Person who shall be entitled

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV, C. 106, 107.

615

entitled thereto by reason of his having served any Civil Office,) nor any Receipt or Acquittance indorsed on any such Bill of Exchange or Remittance Bill, shall be liable to or charged with any Stamp Duty whatever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person residing out *ersons of His Majesty's Dominions shall be entitled to the Privilege and Bene

Benefit given and intended by this Act.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Form of the Certificate or Order for drawing a Bill for Half

Pay or Pension under the Authority of the Act, et cetera, et

cetera.

Half Pay or Pension.

being entitled to the Sum of [on account of Half Pay as a reduced in the

or Pension, or Retired or Superannuated Allowance, as a as the Case may 5e], from the First Day of to the

Day of One thousand eight hundred and thirty

, is hereby authorized to draw the following Bill upon the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces for the said Sum of

N.B. — This Bill is not to be separated from the Authority for drawing it.

Cashier.

183

Three Days after Sight please to pay to or Order, the Sum of being the Amount of

[Half Pay due to me as a reduced in the or Pension, or

Retired or Superannuation Allowance, as a as the Case may 5c], for the Time above mentioned.

To the Right Honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces,

Whitehall.

N.B. — By the Act the forging of this Bill, or procuring any other Person to forge the same, is made Felony; and the Punishment is Transportation for Seven Years, or Imprisonment for Four Years.

Should any Part of this Bill be cut off or be otherwise defaced it will not be paid.

CAP. CVII.

An Act for regulating for Three Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Care and Treatment of Insane Persons in England.

[11th August 1832.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth,

intituled An Act to regulate the Cart and Treatment of Insane 9G.4. c. 4i.

R r 4 ' Persons

616

C. 107.

2°. & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

10 G. 4. c. 18.

Recited Acts repealed; but existing Appointments to continue until others are made.

Interpretation of certain Words used in this Act.

Persons in England, and which Act was amended by another ' Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to explain, amend, and alter the Act i of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Care and Treatment of Insane Persons in England:

And whereas it is expedient that the Provisions of the said ' Acts should be amended and consolidated, for the more

effectually carrying into execution the Purposes thereof; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the said recited Acts of the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth shall be and the same are hereby repealed: Provided always, that until the Appointment of Commissioners and Visitors, and their respective Clerks, under the Provisions of this Act, the Authority of the Commissioners and Visitors, and of their respective Clerks appointed under the said recited Acts, shall continue as if given by this Act; and that all Matters and Things at any Time done or directed to be done by them respectively under the said recited Acts or this Act shall be and remain as good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said recited Acts had not been repealed, and as if such Commissioners and Visitors and Clerks had been appointed under this Act, except so far as specially altered by this Act as to the Visitation of single Patients.

II. And inasmuch as, in order to avoid unnecessary Repetition, and to remove Doubts as to the Meaning of certain Words in this Act, be it enacted, That the Word " County" shall be deemed to include any County, Riding, Division of the County of Lincoln, Liberty, County of a City, County of a Town, City, Cinque Port, or Town Corporate; that the Word " Parish" shall be deemed to include any Township, Hamlet, Vill, Tithing, Extra-parochial Place, or Place maintaining its own Poor; that the Words " County Rate" shall be deemed to include any Funds assessed upon or raised in or belonging to any County, Riding, Division of the County of Lincoln, Liberty, County of a City, County of a Town, Cinque Port, or Town Corporate, in the Nature of County Rates, and applicable to the Purposes to which County Rates are applicable; that the Word " Visitor" shall be deemed to include all Justices, Physicians, Surgeons, or Apothecaries appointed at a General or Adjourned Quarter Sessions to visit Houses of Reception for Two or more Insane Persons; that the Words " Insane Persons" shall be deemed and construed to extend to all Persons who are idiot, lunatic, or of unsound Mind; that the Words " Parish Pauper" shall be deemed to include every Person sent to and maintained at any House licensed under this Act, wholly or in part at the Expence of any Parish; that the Word " Proprietor" shall be deemed to include every Person exercising any superintending or proprietary Duties in any House licensed under this Act; that the Words " Clerk of the Peace" shall be deemed to include any Person acting as such, or any Deputy duly appointed; that the Word "Physician*' shall be

deemed

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 10T.

617

deemed to include any Fellow or Licentiate of the Royal College of Physicians in London; that the Word " Surgeon" shall be deemed to include any Member of the Royal College of Surgeons in London; and that the Word " Apothecary" shall be deemed to include any Person authorized to practise as such under an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the better regulating the Practice of Apothecaries throughout England and Wales, or under an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend and explain the said Act of the Fifty fifth Year of His late Majesty; and the Words " Treasurer of the County" shall be deemed to include any Officer who has the Custody of any Funds assessed upon or raised in or belonging to any County, Riding, Division of the County of Lincoln, Liberty, County of a City, County of a Town, Cinque Port, or Town Corporate, in the Nature of County Rates, and applicable to the Purposes to which County Rates are applicable: And further, that in the Construction of this Act, in Cases where the Singular Number only is used, the Word importing the Singular Number shall be held to include and shall be applied to several Persons or Things as well as One Person or Thing, in the same Manner as if the Plural Number had. been also used; and in Cases where the Plural Number only is used the Word importing the Plural Number shall be held to include those applied to One Person or Thing as well as several Persons or Things, in the same Manner as if the Singular Number had also been used; and where any Word in this Act shall import the Masculine Gender only the same shall be held to include and be applied to Females as well as Males, in the same Manner as if a Word importing the Feminine Gender had been also used: Provided always, that the Provisions of the present Clause shall in each Case apply only so far as the Application thereof shall be consonant with or not repugnant to the Subject and Context of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Chancellor or the Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain, or other the Person or Persons for the Time being intrusted by virtue of the Kings Sign Manual with the Care and Commitment of the Custody of the Persons and Estates of Persons found idiot, lunatic, or of unsound Mind, annually, on the First Day of September in every Year, or within Ten Days then next following, by an Instrument under his Hand and Seal, to appoint, at his Discretion, not less than Fifteen nor more than Twenty Persons to be Commissioners, during the Space of One Year, for licensing and visiting all Houses for the Reception of Two or more Insane Persons, to be situate within the Cities of London and Westminster, the County of Middlesex, the Borough of Southwark, and also within the several Parishes and Places herein-after enumerated; (videlicet,) Brixton, Battersea, Barnes, Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, Christ Church, Clapham, Saint Giles Camberwell, Dulwich, Saint Paul Deptford, Gravenay, Kew Green, Kennington, Saint Mary Lambeth, Mortlake, Merton, Mitcham, Saint Mary Newington, Norwood, Putney, Peckham, Saint Mary Rotherhithe, Roehampton, Streatham, Stockwell, Tooting, Wimbledon, Wandsworth, and Walworth, in

the

55 G.3. c. 194.

6 G. 4. c. 183.

Construction of Act.

Lord Chancellor, &c. to appoint Commissioners within London, &c .; of whom Four or Five to be Physicians.

C. 107.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Jurisdiction of Commissioners.

Commissioners to grant Licences for Houses.

Allowance to Commissioners.

In case of

Death or Refusal of Commissioners, others to be appointed.

Commissioners to take the following Oath.

the County of Surrey; Blaekheath, Charlton, Deptford, Greenwich, Lewisham, Lee, Southend, and Woolwich, in the County of Kent; and East Ham, Layton, Laytonstone, Low Layton, Plaistow, West Ham, and Walthamstow, in the County of Essex; and to be called "The Metropolitan Commissioners in Lunacy of which Commissioners not less than Four nor more than Five, at the Discretion of the said Lord Chancellor or other the Person or Persons intrusted as aforesaid, shall be Physicians, and Two Barristers; and the Jurisdiction of the said Metropolitan Commissioners shall be deemed to include any Township, Liberty, Tything, VilJ, or any other Extra-parochial Place within the Cities of London and Westminster, and within Seven Miles thereof, and within the County of Middlesex, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and the said Lord Chancellor, or other the Person or Persons intrusted as aforesaid, shall cause the Names of such Commissioners to be published in the London Gazette within Ten Days after their Appointment; and the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to grant Licences (if they shall think fit) in the Manner directed by this Act for Persons to keep Houses for the Reception of Two or more Insane Persons, of one or both Sexes, as the said Commissioners shall think fit, within the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners; and every Commissioner shall be allowed and paid his travelling Expences while employed in executing the Duties of his Office; and each and every such Commissioner, being a Physician as aforesaid, shall be allowed and paid the Sum of One Pound for every Hour he shall be employed in executing the Duties of the Office of Commissioner, exclusive of travelling Expences.

IV. And be it further enacted, That as often as any of the Commissioners to be appointed as aforesaid shall die, or reftise to act, or become unable, by Illness or otherwise, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, or other the Person or Persons intrusted as aforesaid, by an Instrument under his Hand and Seal, to appoint a Commissioner in the Room of every Commissioner who shall die, or refuse or become unable to act; and the Name of such new Commissioner shall be published, within Ten Days after his Appointment, in the London Gazette.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be appointed a Commissioner as aforesaid shall, before he acts in the Execution of his Duty as a Commissioner, take an Oath, or, if a Quaker, make a solemn Affirmation, to the following Effect; (that is to say,)

I ALB. do swear, [or solemnly affirm,] That I will discreetly,

x impartially, and faithfully execute all the Trust committed unto me by virtue of an Act of Parliament made in the

4 Year of the Reign of His Majesty King William the Fourth,

1 intituled An Act for regulating for Three Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Care and Treatment of Insane Persons in England; and that I will

keep secret all such Matters as shall come to my Knowledge

in the Execution of my Office (except when required to divulge

the same by legal Authority) , or so far as I shall feel myself

called upon to do so for the better Execution of the Duty

imposed on me by this Act. So help me GOD.

Which

A.D. 1832. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 107.

619

Which Oath or solemn Affirmation it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, or other the Person or Persons intrusted as aforesaid, to administer to every such Commissioner so to be appointed as aforesaid; and any Five of the said Metropolitan Commissioners, who shall have previously taken the Oaths, are hereby authorized to administer such Oath at any Meeting held under the Authority of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Lord Chancellor, Treasurer or or other the Person or Persons intrusted as aforesaid, is hereby Clark to empowered, by an Instrument under his Hand and Seal, to W0104*!* appoint during Pleasure a fit Person to be Treasurer or Clerk to

the said Metropolitan Commissioners, and to allow such Person such Salary for his Trouble as the Lord Chancellor, or other the Person or Persons intrusted as aforesaid, shall think reasonable, exclusive of the Fees to be received by him under this Act; and all official Duties to be performed by such Clerk (except as herein-after is excepted) shall be subject to the Inspection,

Direction, and Controul of the said Commissioners.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every such Person so and to take the appointed shall, at the first Meeting of the said Metropolitan following Oath. Commissioners next after his Appointment, take the following

Oath, to be administered by any One of such Commissioners:

I A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully execute all such Trusts

as shall be committed to my Charge as Treasurer and Clerk

to the Metropolitan Commissioners in Lunacy for executing

an Act of Parliament made in the Second and Third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled ' An Act for regulating for Three Years, and from thence until the

End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Care and Treat-

merit of Insane Persons in England; and that I will keep secret all such Matters as shall come to my Knowledge in the Execution of my Office (except when required to divulge the same ' by legal Authority); and that I am not, nor have been at any Time within the last Two Years, directly or indirectly concerned

or interested in keeping any House licensr 1 " *'on

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Metropolitan Meetings of Commissioners, or any Five of them, Two of whom at the least Commissioners, shall not be Physicians as aforesaid, shall meet at such Place as to grant Li" the said Lord Chancellor, or other the Person or Persons intrusted oence9 '

as aforesaid, may direct, on the first Wednesday in the Months of November, February, May, and July in every Year, in order to receive Applications from Persons requiring Houses to be licensed for the Reception of Two or more Insane Persons within their Jurisdiction, and (if they shall think fit) to license the same; and in case on any such Occasion Five such Commissioners shall not then and there be present, the Meeting shall take place on the next succeeding Wednesday, and so on weekly till such Quorum of Five shall be assembled for the above-mentioned Purpose; and the said Commissioners assembled at every such Meeting shall have Power to adjourn such Meeting from Time to Time and to such Place as they shall see fit.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Five of the said Metropolitan Commissioners Purposes.

of Insane Persons,

630

C. 107.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Chairman of Meetings.

Justices in Quarter Sessions (except in Metropolitan District) to grant Licences.

Justices at Sessions to appoint Visitors, &c.

missioners (Two of whom at the least shall not be Physicians as aforesaid) to assemble themselves, when and as often as they shall think fit, for the Purpose of executing and performing the several Matters and Things by this Act intrusted to them, Notice being given under their Hands to require the Clerk of the said Commissioners to convene a Meeting of the said Commissioners; and the said Clerk is hereby required and commanded duly to summon the rest of the said Commissioners Four clear Days before such intended Meeting; and that at all Meetings of the said Metropolitan Commissioners a Chairman shall be chosen, who, in case of an Equality of Votes, shall have a second or casting Vote.

X. And be it further enacted, That in all other Parts of England the Justices of the Peace assembled m General or Quarter Sessions shall have like Authority within their respective Counties (except within the Jurisdiction of the Metropolitan Commissioners) to license Houses (if they shall think fit) for the Reception of Two or more Insane Persons, in the same Manner as the Metropolitan Commissioners within their Jurisdiction.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices shall at the Michaelmas General Quarter Sessions of the Peace in every Year appoint Three or more Justices of the Peace, and also One or more Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary, to act as Visitors of each House licensed for the Reception of Two or more Insane Persons within the County; and the said Justices, Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary, so appointed as Visitors for each House as aforesaid, shall and are hereby authorized and empowered to visit every such House in manner directed by this Act; and such Visitors shall at their First Meeting take the Oath required by this Act to be taken by the Metropolitan Commissioners, mutatis mutandis, such Oath to be administered by a Justice of the Peace, being One of such Visitors; and every such Visitor, being a Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary, shall be allowed and paid, for every Day he shall be employed in executing the Duties imposed upon him by this Act, such Sum as the Justices in General Quarter Sessions shall be pleased to direct, to be paid him by the Clerk of the Peace out of the Monies to be received by him for Licences granted under this Act, and in case of Deficiency, then out of the County Rates: Provided also, that in case of the Death of any Justice, Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary so appointed Visitor as aforesaid, or of his Refusal or Inability, by reason of Illness or otherwise, to act as such, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices, at any General or Adjourned Sessions of the Peace, to appoint a Visitor in the Room of such Justice, Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary who shall die, or refuse or become unable to act as aforesaid; and the Names of all such Visitors so appointed at the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions or any General or Adjourned Sessions of the Peace shall, within Seven clear Days after such Appointment, be published in some Newspaper circulated in the County wherein such licensed House shall be situate; and the Appointment of such Visitors shall, within Twenty-one clear Days, be communicated by the Clerk of the Peace to the Clerk of the Metropolitan Commissioners, who shall register the same in a Book to be kept

10 for

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 107.

621

for that Purpose; and in case of Default of such Communication the Clerk of the Peace shall forfeit and pay a Penalty of Five Pounds, to be recovered as is herein-after directed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be eligible to be appointed Commissioner or Visitor as aforesaid, nor shall any Justice of the Peace act in granting any Licence, who shall be, or who shall have been within Two Years then next preceding, directly or indirectly interested in the keeping any House licensed for the Reception of Insane Persons; and no Physician as aforesaid, appointed a Commissioner, and no Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary appointed a Visitor, shall professionally attend upon the Patients in any such licensed House, unless he be specially directed to visit any Patient by any Relation or Friend under whose Order such Patient has been admitted into any such licensed House, or by a Committee appointed by the Lord Chancellor or by the Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain, or other the Person or Persons for the Time being intrusted by virtue of the King s Sign Manual with the Care and Commitment of the Custody of the Persons and Estates of Persons found idiot, lunatic, or of unsound Mind; and if any such Commissioner or Visitor shall after his Appointment become so interested, or shall professionally attend upon the Patients in any licensed House (except as aforesaid) , such Commissioner or Visitor shall respectively signify the same in Writing to the Lord Chancellor, or other the Person or Persons intrusted as aforesaid, or to the Clerk of the Peace, as the Case may require; and the Appointment of such Commissioner or Visitor shall thenceforth become null and void, and it shall not be lawful for him to act as such Commissioner or Visitor.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace, or some other Person to be appointed by the Justices at Quarter Sessions, shall act as Clerk to the Visitors so appointed as aforesaid; and such Clerk shall summon the said Visitors to meet at such Time and Place, for the Purpose of executing the Duties imposed upon them by this Act, as the said Justices in Sessions shall appoint; and such Clerk to the Visitors shall at their First Meeting take the Oath required by this Act to be taken by the Clerk of the Metropolitan Commissioners, mutatis mutandis, such Oath to be administered by One of such Visitors; and the said Clerk of the Peace, or other Person so appointed, shall be paid out of the County Rate, for his Services in attending the said Visitors, such Remuneration as the Justices in Quarter Sessions assembled shall think fit; and the Appointment of any such Deputy Clerk shall within Twenty-one clear Days be communicated by the Clerk of the Peace to the Clerk of the Metropolitan Commissioners, under the like Penalty for omitting to do so, and to be recovered in like Manner, as is declared in default of the Communication of the Appointment of Visitors.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if the Clerk of the Commissioners or the Clerk of the Peace, or other Person appointed as aforesaid, shall at any Time, in the due Execution of this Act, find it necessary to employ any Assistant in the copying any of the Orders, Certificates, Registers, Returns, or written Papers or Documents which shall come into the Possession of such Clerk

in

Restrictions on Commissioners or Visitors and Medical Commissioners.

Clerk of the Peace, or some Person appointed by the Justices, to be Clerk to the Visitors.

Assistant to the Clerk.

C. 107.

2 & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 182.

Oath to be taken by Assistant.

Notice of Application for and Plan of licensed House to be given to the Clerk of the Commissioners or Clerk of the Peace 14 Days previous to their Meeting.

Detached Buildings to be considered Part of the House.

Upon Alteration of House,

in pursuance of this Act, or in any other Matters relating to the Execution thereof, then the Clerk of the Metropolitan Commissioners is hereby required to certify such Necessity, and the Name of such Assistant, to the said Commissioners, and the Clerk of the Peace or other Person appointed as aforesaid shall certify such Necessity, and the Name of such Assistant, to One of the Visitors, being a Justice of the Peace, and if they respectively shall approve thereof they are hereby respectively empowered and required to administer the following Oath to such Assistant previously to his being employed as aforesaid:

I A.B. do solemnly swear, That I will faithfully keep secret i all such Matters and Things as shall come to my Knowledge

in consequence of my Employment as Assistant in the Office r of the Clerk to the Commissioners [or Clerk of the Visitors, as

the Case may fe,] appointed by virtue of an Act of Parliament ' made in the Second and Third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for regvlat- mg for Three Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Care and Treatment of Insane

Persons in England, unless required to divulge the same by

legal Authority. So help me GOD.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall apply or intend to apply to have a House licensed for the Reception of Insane Persons shall give Notice to the Clerk of the Metropolitan Commissioners or to the Clerk of the Peace, as the Case may be, Fourteen clear Days at the least prior to any quarterly or other Meeting of the Metropolitan Commissioners, or to any General or Quarter Session of the Peace for the County where he shall apply for a Licence respectively; which Notice shall contain the true Christian and Surname and Place of Abode of the Person so applying and intending to keep such House, and in case such Person so applying does not propose to reside himself in the licensed House, the Christian and Surname and previous Occupation of the Superintendant who is to reside therein; and such Notice, when given for any House which shall not have been previously licensed, shall be accompanied by a Plan of every such House, to be drawn upon a Scale of not less than One Eighth of an Inch to a Foot, with a Description of the Situation thereof, and the Length, Breadth, and Height of, and a Reference by a Figure or Letter to, every Room and Apartment therein, and a Statement of the greatest Number of Patients proposed to be received into such House; which Notice and Plan shall be laid by the Clerk of the Metropolitan Commissioners before the said Commissioners, or by the Clerk of the Peace before the Justices respectively, at such Time as they shall take into their Consideration the Application for such Licence.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if there be any Place or Building detached from any House, licensed or to be licensed, but belonging to or in anywise appertaining to such House, such Place or Building shall be considered Part of such licensed House for all the Purposes of this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That Notice of any Additions or Alterations which shall from Time to Time be made to any

House

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 107.

623

House licensed under this Act shall be given, by the Person to whom the Licence shall have been granted, to the Clerk of the Commissioners or to the Clerk of the Peace, as the Case may require, within One Calendar Month next after the Completion thereof, accompanied with a Plan of all the Additions and Alterations, to be drawn upon the Scale aforesaid; and if any Person shall (wilfully and with Intention to deceive) not give a full and complete Plan of the whole of the House to be licensed, or Notice of any and all such Additions and Alterations as shall have been made, he shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Licence shall be made out by the Clerk of the Metropolitan Commissioners or the Clerk of the Peace, as the Case may require, according to the Form in Schedule (A.) annexed to this Act, for such Time, not exceeding Thirteen Calendar Months, as the said Metropolitan Commissioners or Justices shall think fit; and for every Licence to be granted to any Person for keeping a House for the Reception of Insane Persons there shall be paid to the Clerk of the Commissioners or Clerk of the Peace, exclusive of the Sum to be paid for the Stamp, the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Insane Person not being a Parish Pauper, and the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence for every Parish Pauper, proposed to be received into such House, but for no Licence to be so granted shall be paid less than Fifteen Pounds; and such Licence shall not be delivered nor be of any Avail until the Sum due on such Licence shall be paid: Provided always, that if the Period for which such Licence shall be granted be less than Thirteen Calendar Months, or if from the Change of the Proprietor or of the House to be licensed, or any casual Circumstance happening before the Expiration of the original Licence, it shall be requisite to grant or renew a Licence for a less Period of Time than Thirteen Calendar Months, then and in any of the said Cases it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners and Justices, if they think fit, to reduce the Payments to be made on such Licence to not less than Five Pounds in the whole.

XIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That all Licences granted by the Metropolitan Commissioners or Justices shall be duly stamped with a Ten Shillings Stamp, and shall be under the Hands and Seals of Five or more of the Metropolitan Commissioners, Two of whom shall not be Physicians, as aforesaid, or of^Three or more of the said Justices in Quarter Sessions assembled.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all Monies to be received for such Licences shall be retained by the Clerk of the Metropolitan Commissioners or Clerk of the Peace, as the Case may be, and from such Monies all the Expences required to be disbursed in the Execution of this Act shall be paid; and such Clerk of the Commissioners shall keep a true Account of all Receipts and Payments; which Account shall be made up to the First Day of August in each Year, and shall be signed by Fiveat least of the said Commissioners; and such Account shall specify the several Heads of Expenditure, and shall be laid before Parliament on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March in each Year, if Parliament shall be

then

Notice and amended Flan to be given to Commissioners, &c.

Licences to be made out by the Clerk of the Commissioners or Clerk of the Peace, and to be renewed yearly.

Charge for Licence.

Commissioners may reduce Fees on Licence in certain Cases.

Licences to be stamped, and to be under Seal.

Application of Monies.

Clerk to keep an Account of Receipt and Expenditure, which shall be made up yearly.

C. 107.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Account to be transmitted to the Treasury, who may apply or make up the Balance, and issue such Sums as shall be requisite to defray the Evpences under this Act

Clerk of the Peace to keep Accounts.

Balances in hand of or due to Clerk of the Peace.

No House to be kept without being licensed.

Licences granted under 9 G. 4. c. 41. to be valid, and Plans sufficient.

then sitting, or if Parliament shall not be then sitting, within One Month after the then next Sitting of Parliament; and the like Account shall be transmitted to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, who shall thereupon, if they shall deem it necessary, direct the Balance to be paid into the Exchequer to the Account of the Consolidated Fund; and if at any Time there shall be any Balance due to the said Clerk to the Commissioners, on account of Expences or Liabilities incurred in the Execution of or incidental to this Act, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, if they shall think fit, (on an Application to them for such a Sum of Money as shall have been agreed upon at some quarterly or other Meeting of the Metropolitan Commissioners, attended by Seven at the least of the said Commissioners, and to be certified under their Hands,) to cause to be issued and paid, out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund, to the Clerk of the said Metropolitan Commissioners, such a Sum of Money as the said Metropolitan Commissioners shall have so certified as requisite to defray the Expences incurred under the Provisions of or incidental to this Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace or other Person appointed as aforesaid shall keep like Accounts of all Receipts and Payments in respect of this Act, and which Accounts shall respectively be made up to the First Day of August in every Year, and shall be approved by Two at least of the Visitors, and signed by them in testimony thereof; and the said Accounts, when so made up, shall be laid by the Clerk of the Peace, or other Person appointed as aforesaid, before the Justices at their Michaelmas Quarter Sessions; and if it shall appear by the said Accounts that there is a Balance in the Hands of the Clerk of the Peace or other Person appointed as aforesaid, the same shall within Twenty-one clear Days be paid, by an Order of the said Visitors, to the Treasurer of the County, in aid of the County Rate; and when there shall be found to be any Balance due to such Clerk of the Peace or other Person appointed as aforesaid, such Balance shall be paid to him by the Treasurer of the County out of the County Rate, upon an Order for such Payment being made and signed by Two or more Justices in Quarter Sessions assembled.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act it shall not be lawful fdr any Person to keep a House for the Reception of Two or more Insane Persons, unless the same shall have been first duly licensed in the Manner directed by this Act; and every Person keeping a House for the Reception of Two or more Insane Persons, not duly licensed, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor: Provided always, that no One Licence shall authorize any Person to keep more than One House; but all Licences which shall have been heretofore granted shall remain in full Force until the Period for which they shall have been granted shall have expired, unless revoked as herein-after directed; and all Plans heretofore delivered shall be deemed sufficient for the Purposes of this Act, if the Commissioners or Justices shall so think fit.

XXIII, Pro-

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 107.

625

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person to .whom a Licence for keeping a House shall have been duly granted under this Act shall die before the Expiration of the said Licence, and the legal Representatives of such deceased Person shall, within Ten Days next after such Death, give Notice thereof to the Clerk of the Metropolitan Commissioners or to the Clerk of the Peace, as the Case may be, it shall be lawful for the said Metropolitan Commissioners at any Meeting duly assembled, or for the said Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions respectively, if they shall think fit, by an Order in Writing under the Hands of Five of the said Commissioners or Three of the said Justices, to confirm the said Licence, with all the Conditions and Liabilities annexed thereto, for the Term unexpired, to such Person as shall at the Time of such Death be the Super-intendant of such House, or have the Care of the Patients therein, or to such other Persons as the said Commissioners or Justices respectively shall think fit, and in the meantime such previous Licence shall, notwithstanding the Death of such Person, remain in full Force.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person duly licensed under this Act shall by Sickness or other sufficient Reason become incapable of keeping such House, or if any licensed House shall be pulled down or occupied under the Provisions of any Act for public Purposes, or shall by Fire, Tempest, or other unavoidable Calamity be rendered unfit for the Accommodation of Insane Persons, it shall and may be lawful for the said Metropolitan Commissioners, or any Five of them, Two of whom shall not be Physicians, at any quarterly or other Meeting convened as aforesaid, or for the said Justices at any General or Quarter Sessions, upon the Payment of not less than One Pound for each Licence, exclusive of the Sum to be paid for the Stamp, to grant a new Licence to such other Person as they shall think fit, and also to grant to the Person whose House has been so rendered unfit a Licence to keep such other House for the Accommodation of Insane Persons, as the said Commissioners or the said Justices shall think fit: Provided always, that the Notice of such intended Change of Persons, and all Plans and Statements of such new House, shall be given as are required when Application is made for a Licence for the first Time: Provided also, that the Cause of such Change of House shall be duly specified in Writing to the Clerk of the Commissioners or Clerk of the Peace, as the Case may be, within Three clear Days after the happening thereof.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Metropolitan Commissioners or Justices shall think fit to refuse to renew any Licence for keeping a House for Insane Persons, Notice of such Refusal shall be given in manner herein-after mentioned in the Case of revoking any such Licence; and the Lord Chancellor, or other the Person or Persons intrusted as aforesaid, for the Time being, is hereby empowered, upon the Representation of the said Commissioners or Justices respectively, by an Instrument under his Hand and Seal, to be delivered within One Month after receiving such Representation, to sanction and confirm the Refusal of the said Commissioners or Justices

2&3 Gul.4. Ss to

Provision in case of Death of licensed Proprietor.

Commissioners may grant new Licences to other Persons or for other Houses in certain Cases.

When Commissioners or Justices shall refuse to renew any Licence, Notice thereof to he given to the Secretary of State for the Home Department.

626

C. 107.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Revoking

Licences.

Insane Persons mot to be received into a licensed House without an Order and Medical Certificate.

to renew such Licence: Provided nevertheless, that such Refusal by them shall be effectual, unless the said Lord Chancellor, or other the Person or Persons intrusted as aforesaid, shall, within One Calendar Month from the Time of the Receipt of the said Representation of the said Commissioners or Justices, refuse to confirm the Determination of the said Metropolitan Commissioners or Justices.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if at any Meeting under this Act a Majority of the Metropolitan Commissioners then and there present, or any Three Visitors, shall think fit to recommend to the Lord Chancellor, or other the Person or Persons intrusted as aforesaid, for the Time being, that any Licence granted by the said Commissioners or Justices respectively should be revoked, it shall and may be lawful for such Lord Chancellor, or other the Person or Persons intrusted as aforesaid, after making such Inquiries as he shall think necessary, to revoke the same by an Instrument under his Hand and Seal, such Revocation to take effect at a Period not exceeding Three Calendar Months from the Time Notice thereof shall have been given in the London Gazette; and a Copy of such Instrument of Revocation shall be transmitted to the Person to whom such Licence shall have been granted, his Executors or Administrators, or to the Superintendant, in case the Person to whom such Licence shall have been granted shall not reside in the licensed House, before any such Publication shall take place; but if the Lord Chancellor, or other the Person or Persons intrusted as aforesaid, shall not think fit to comply with such Recommendation, he shall communicate his Refusal to the said Commissioners or Justices respectively as soon as conveniently can be: Provided always, that in case of such Revocation being recommended to the Lord Chancellor, or other the Person or Persons intrusted as aforesaid, Notice in Writing thereof shall be given to the Parties so complained of Seven clear Days previous to the Transmission of such Recommendation to the Lord Chancellor, or other the Person or Persons intrusted as aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Person (not being a Parish Pauper) shall be received into any House licensed for the Reception of Insane Persons in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, without an Order under the Hand of the Person by whose Direction such Insane Person is sent, which Order shall be according to the Form in Schedule (B.) annexed to this Act, and in it shall be stated the Christian and Surname, and Place of Abode, and the Degree of Relationship or other Circumstance of Connection between such Person and the Insane Person, and the true Name, Age, Place of Residence, former Occupation, and the Asylum or Other Place (if any) in which the Insane Person shall have been previously confined, and whether such Person shall have been found lunatic or of unsound Mind under a Commission issued for that Purpose by the Lord Chancellor or other the Person or Persons intrusted as aforesaid; nor shall any such Person be received into any such House without a Medical Certificate of Two Physicians, Surgeons, or Apothecaries, in the Manner directed by this Act; and if any Person shall knowingly and wilfully receive any Insane Person,

or

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 107.

627

or Person represented or alleged to be insane, to be taken care of or confined in any House licensed under this Act, without such Order and Medical Certificate, and without making, within Three clear Days after the Reception of such Patient, a Minute or Entry in Writing in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, according to the Form in Schedule (M.) annexed to this Act, of the true Name of the Patient, and also the Christian and Surname, Occupation, and Place of Abode of the Person by whom such Patient shall be brought, every Person so offending shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Medical Certificate upon which any Order shall be given for the Confinement of any Person (not a Parish Pauper) in a House licensed under this Act shall be according to the Form in Schedule (C.) annexed to this Act, and shall be signed by Two Medical Practitioners, not being in Partnership, and each of them being a Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary who shall have separately visited and personally examined the Patient to whom it relates not more than Seven clear Days previous to such Confinement, and such Certificate shall be signed and dated on the Day on which he or she shall have been so examined, and shall state that such Person is insane and proper to be confined; and every such Certificate for the Confinement of any Person in a House licensed under this Act shall, if the same be not signed by Two Medical Practitioners, state the special Circumstance which shall have prevented the Patient being visited by Two Medical Practitioners; and any Patient may under such special Circumstance be admitted into any such House upon the Certificate of One Medical Practitioner, provided such Certificate shall be further signed by some other Medical Practitioner within Seven Days next after the Admission of such Patient into any such House as aforesaid; and any Person who shall, knowingly and with Intention to deceive, sign any such Medical Certificate, untruly setting forth any of the Particulars required by this Act, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor: Provided always, that no Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary shall sign any Certificate of Admission of a Patient to any licensed House who is wholly or partly the Proprietor or the regular professional Attendant of such licensed House, nor shall any Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary sign any Certificate for the Reception of a Patient into any such House, of which his Father, Son, Brother, or Partner is wholly or in part Proprietor or the regular professional Attendant, on pain of being deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Parish Pauper shall be received into any House licensed for the Reception of Insane Persons without an Order according to the Form in Schedule (D.) annexed to this Act, under the Hand and Seal of One Justice of the Peace, or an Order according to the Form in Schedule (E.) annexed to this Act, signed by the officiating Clergyman and One of the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish to which such Pauper shall belong, and also a Medical Certificate according to the Form in Schedule (F.) annexed to this Act, signed by One Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary, that such Parish Pauper is insane, and a proper Person to be confined; and if any Person

S s 2 shall

Medical Certificate of Insanity.

Physicians, &c. not to sign Certificates of Admission if interested.

Pauper Lunatics, how admissible.

G2S

C. 107.

2° & 3' GULIELMI IV.

A.Dll832.

Notice to be given to Clerk of the Commissioners, &c. within Two Days after the Admission of every Patient.

The like Notice to be given on the Removal or Death of a Patient.

Statement of Pauper Patients dying to be transmitted to Clerk of Com-

shall knowingly and wilfully receive any Parish Pauper represented or alleged to be insane into any licensed House, without such Order and Medical Certificate, every Person so offending shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor.

XXX. And in order that the said Metropolitan Commissioners and Visitors may know when any Patient is received into any House licensed for the Reception of Insane Persons, be it further enacted, That the Proprietor or resident Superintendant of every House licensed under this Act, whether by the said Metropolitan Commissioners or by the said Justices, shall, within the Space of Two clear Days next after the Day on which any Person shall have been received into such House, transmit a Copy of such Order and Medical Certificates as aforesaid, with a Notice according to the Form in Schedule (G.) annexed to this Act, to the Clerk of the Commissioners; and the Proprietor or resident Superintendant of every House licensed within the Jurisdiction of the Visitors shall also within the same Space of Time transmit a Duplicate Copy thereof to the Clerk of the Peace; and every Proprietor or resident Superintendant of any such House who shall knowingly and wilfully neglect so to do shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor; which Copies the said Clerk of the Commissioners or Clerk of the Peace is hereby required to preserve, and also within Five clear Days to enter in a Register to be provided for that Purpose the Christian and Surname of each Insane Person so returned to him, and of the Persons by whose Order and upon whose Medical Certificates such Insane Persons shall be confined, and the House in which such Insane Person is confined, according to the Form in Schedule (M.) annexed to this Act; and the Clerk of the Commissioners and Clerk of the Peace shall for every Omission or Neglect in this Particular forfeit and pay, on Conviction before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after mentioned.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Patient confined in any House licensed for the Reception of Insane Persons shall be removed therefrom, or shall die, the Proprietor or resident Superintendant of such House shall, within Two clear Days next after such Removal or Death, transmit a written Notice thereof to the Clerk of the Metropolitan Commissioners or Clerk of the Peace, according to the Form in Schedule (H.) annexed to this Act; and in Cases of Removal such Notice shall state by whom removed, and in what State of Mind such Person shall have been when removed, and (if within his Knowledge) to what Place removed; which Notices shall in like Manner be preserved and entered by the Clerk of the Commissioners or Clerk of the Peace as is required in the Case of the Notice of the Admission of any Patient into such licensed House; and every Proprietor or resident Superintendant of any such House who shall knowingly and wilfully neglect so to do shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Death of any Parish Pauper Patient in any licensed House, a Statement of the Causes of the Death of such Patient shall be drawn up and signed by the Medical Attendant of such licensed House, and a

Copy

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 107.

62CK

Copy thereof, duly certified by the Proprietor or resident Super- missioners or intendant of such House, shall be by him transmitted to the Clerk of Vi>i-Clerk of the Metropolitan Commissioners or the Clerk of the tor8.

Visitors respectively within Two clear Days of the Death of such Patient; and every Medical Attendant and Proprietor, or resident Superintendant, who shall knowingly or wilfully neglect to draw up, sign, or transmit such Statement as aforesaid, shall respectively, on Conviction thereof before One Justice of the Peace* forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered as hereinafter directed.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in every House Licensed

licensed under this Act there shall (if it contain One hundred Houses con-Patients) be a resident Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary; and I^°vPa-

every such House containing less than One hundred Patients (in r^iden^Medicui case such House shall not be kept by a Physician, Surgeon, or Man; contain-Apothecary) shall be visited Twice in every Week by a Physician, ing less than Surgeon, or Apothecary; and such resident Attendant or visiting *00 to be visit-Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary is hereby respectively re- Me<*fcal quired Once in every Week to make and sign a Statement of the en '

Health of all the Patients, and the Condition of the House, according to the Form in Schedule (I.) annexed to this Act;

and such Statement shall be entered in a Book to be kept at such House, and be regularly laid before the visiting Metropolitan Commissioners or Visitors, for their Inspection and Signature.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Commissioners* when any House shall be licensed to receive less than Eleven may alter Insane Persons, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for a Majority of the said Commissioners at any Meeting under caJ^ttendantJ

this Act, or any Three of the said Visitors, if they shall so think fit, to direct and perinit that such House shall be visited by the

Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary Once at the least in Four

Weeks, instead of Twice in every Week: Provided always, that such Permission shall be in Writing under the Hands and Seals

of Five of the said Commissioners or Three of the said Visitors,

as the Case may require, according to the Form in Schedule (K.)

annexed to this Act, and shall be subject to such Alteration or

Revocation as the said Commissioners or Justices respectively shall think fit; and that such Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary

shall enter in a Book to be kept for that Purpose the Date of his

Visit, and the Condition of the House, and State of Health of the Patients therein.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That every licensed House Houses to be within the Jurisdiction of the Metropolitan Commissioners shall inspected by be visited by Three at least of the said Metropolitan Commissioners, One of whom at the least shall not be a Physician as ayear. aforesaid, Four Times at the least in every Year, on such Days and at such Hours of the Day, between the Hours of Eight in the Morning and Six in the Evening from the Twenty-first Day of September to the Twenty-first Day of March, and between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Eight in the Evening from the Twenty-first Day of March to the Twenty-first Day, of September, in each Year, and without Notice, and for suck Length of Time as they shall think fk, and they are hereby

S s 3 empowered.

and by Visitors Three Times a Year at least;

but not by the Clerk of the Commissioners or Justices.

Commissioners and Visitors to inquire and state whether Divine Service is performed.

If not performed, the Proprietor to state the Reason.

Flan of House to be hung up, and Copy of Act kept; and at each Visitation Commissioners to make Minutes.

Minutes to be transcribed into a Book.

Concealing Persons from Inspection to

C. 107. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

empowered to examine the Persons confined therein in such Manner as they shall see fit.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That every licensed House within the Jurisdiction of the said Visitors appointed at Quarter Sessions shall be visited by Two at least of the said Visitors Three Times at the least in every Year, in like Manner and with like Powers as is herein-before directed and given to the Metropolitan Commissioners: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for the Clerk of the said Metropolitan Commissioners or Clerk of the Peace, or other Person appointed as aforesaid, to accompany the said Commissioners or Visitors on any Visit of Inspection to any of the said Houses, unless he be required for any special Purpose by such Commissioners or Visitors.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Metropolitan Commissioners or Visitors, upon their several Visitations hereinbefore mentioned, shall inquire whether any and at what Times Divine Service is read and performed for the Benefit and Consolation of any of the Patients, or what Religious Aid they receive under any Circumstances of Intellectual Improvement, and what Description of Employment, Amusement, or Recreation (if any) is provided for them; and such Commissioners or Visitors shall at the Time of such Visitation state, in the Book directed by this Act to be kept for recording the Visits of the Metropolitan Commissioners or Visitors respectively, the Result of such their Inquiry, with such Observations as they shall think useful or necessary; and in those Houses where it shall appear that Divine Service is not performed, or that Religious Communication with any Minister is not permitted, the Proprietor or resident Superintendant of such House shall state in the said Book the Reason thereof.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be hung up in some conspicuous Part of every licensed House a Copy of the Plan delivered to the Metropolitan Commissioners or Justices, and there shall also be kept in every such House a King's Printer's Copy of this Act bound up in a Book, in which Book the said Commissioners or Visitors within their Jurisdictions are hereby required, at every such Visitation, to make Minutes in Writing of the Condition of such House, as to the Care of the Patients therein, and all such other Particulars as they shall think deserving of their Notice, together with their Observations thereupon; and the said Metropolitan Commissioners or Visitors shall transmit a Copy of such Minute to the respective Clerk of the Commissioners or Clerk of the Peace.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Metropolitan Commissioners and the Clerk of the Peace respectively, or other Person appointed as aforesaid, shall enter such Copy of Minute in a Book to be kept by them for that Purpose; and all such Minutes shall be laid before the said Commissioners or Justices respectively previous to the Consideration of any Renewal of the Licence to the House to which such Minutes shall relate.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if the Proprietor or resident Superintendant of any licensed House shall fraudulently conceal or attempt to conceal any Part of such House or Premises,

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 10T.

63;

mises, or any Person detained therein as insane, from any such be deemed a Commissioners or Visitors, or from any Medical or other Person Misdemeanor, authorized under the Provisions of this Act to visit and inspect any such House and the Patients confined therein, every Person so offending shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear, after Commissioners Three separate and distinct Visits, to be made by Three at the j?ay at least of the said Metropolitan Commissioners, or Three at the Persons

least of the said Visitors, within their respective Jurisdictions, confined!^ Two of which Commissioners at the least shall be Physicians, or One of which Visitors shall be a Medical Practitioner, Fourteen Days at the least to intervene between each Visit, that any Person is detained ir\ any such House without sufficient Cause, and Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given by the Clerk of such Commissioners or Visitors to the Proprietor or resident Superintendant of such House, and to the Person by whose Authority such Insane Person was sent, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, at One of their quarterly Meetings, or at a Meeting specially summoned at Four clear Days Notice, or for the Justices in Quarter Sessions, to set such Person at liberty, of otherwise to act under the Circumstances as the Case may seem to require: Provided always, that in case of Illness or other reasonable Cause preventing the subsequent Visitations to be made by the same Medical Commissioners or Medical Visitors, then such subsequent Visitation may be made by any other Medical Commissioner or Medical Visitor; but such Exception. Power of Liberation shall not extend to the Case of any Person who shall have been found idiot, lunatic, or of unsound Mind under a Commission issued for that Purpose by the Lord Chancellor or other the Person or Persons intrusted as aforesaid, nor to any Insane Person confined under any Order or Authority of His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the H art-ment; but it shall and may be lawful for the said itan

Commissioners or Visitors, if they shall think fit, to examine into the State of Mind or Condition of any such Person, and to report their Opinion in Writing of the State of Mind or Condition of such Person to the Lord Chancellor or other the Person or Persons intrusted as aforesaid, or to His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, as the Case may be.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Commissioners, lawful to and for any Two or more of the said Commissioners or upon Informa-Visitots respectively, upon receiving Information upon Oath fi°n Mal-(which Oath they are or any One of them is hereby empowered Practices i*1 any to administer) that the Party making such Oath hath Cause to may visit the^' suspect and doth verily believe that some Malpractices have same at Night, taken place in any House licensed under this Act, which Malpractices cannot be ascertained by Examination and Inspection during the Day, to visit and to inspect any such House at such Hour of the Night as they shall think fit.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall In case of In-apply to One of the Metropolitan Commissioners or any Visitor quiry whether within their respective Jurisdictions, in order to be informed particular whether any particular Person is confined therein, and the said Confnement Commissioner or Visitor shall think it reasonable to permit such cGmmis-

S s 4t

Inquiry

C. 107.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

aioners, &c. may give an Order to the Clerk, who shall furnish the Information.

Annual Report of Houses to be made to the Lord Chancellor, &c.

Transcript of Minutes of Visitors to be sent to the Clerk of the Commissioners by the Clerk of the Peace, &c.

Insane Person not to be received into an unlicensed House without an Order and Medical Certificates.

Copy of such Order and Certificates to be sent to Clerk of Metropolitan Commissioners, indorsed " Private Return.

Inquiry to be made, and shall sign an Order directed to the Clerk of the Commissioners or Clerk of the Peace, or other Person appointed as aforesaid, for that Purpose, the said Clerk of the Commissioners or Clerk of the Peace, or other Person appointed as aforesaid, is hereby required, upon the Receipt of such Order, and upon Payment of the Sum of Seven Shillings and no more for his Trouble, to make Search; and if it shall appear upon Search that the Person so inquired after is or has within the last Twelve Months been confined in any of the said Houses, the said Clerk of the Commissioners or Clerk of the Peace, or other Person appointed as aforesaid, shall deliver to the Person so applying, in Writing, the Name of the Proprietor or resident Superintendant in whose House the Person so inquired after is or has been confined, the Situation of such House, and (if required) a Copy of the Order and Medical Certificates upon which such Person was received into such House.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the Metropolitan Commissioners shall in the Month of June in every Year make a Report of the State and Condition of the several Houses licensed by them under this Act, and also as to the Care of the Patients therein, and such other Particulars as they shall think deserving of Notice, to the Lord Chancellor or other the Person or Persons intrusted as aforesaid.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictions shall in the Month of June in every Year prepare a complete Transcript of the Minutes of the said Visitors on their several Visitations to the several Houses within their respective Jurisdictions licensed under this Act, which Transcript shall be transmitted by the respective Clerks of the Peace, on or before the First Day of August, to the Clerk of the Metropolitan Commissioners, who shall preserve the same for the Inspection of the said Metropolitan Commissioners, His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, the Lord Chancellor or other the Person or Persons intrusted as aforesaid, and any other Person having Authority from them respectively.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person (except he be a Guardian or Relative who does not derive any Profit from the Charge, or a Committee appointed by the Lord Chancellor or other the Person or Persons intrusted as aforesaid,) shall, under pain of being deemed guilty of Misdemeanor, receive to board or lodge in any House not licensed under this Act, or take the Care or Charge of, any Insane Person, without first having the like Order and Medical Certificates as are required on the Admission of an Insane Person (not being a Parish Pauper Patient) into a licensed House.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That every Person (except as aforesaid) who shall receive to board or lodge in any House not licensed under this Act, or take the Care or Charge of, any Insane Male or Female Person, shall within Twelve Calendar Months next after, if such Insane Persons respectively shall not previously have returned to their own or usual Place of Abode, transmit to the Clerk of the Metropolitan Commissioners a Copy of such Order and Medical Certificates, sealed and indorsed

" Private

C. 107.

633

" Private Return," and not to be inspected by any Person except by the said Clerk or other Person authorized by the Lord Chancellor or His Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department; and every such Person (except as aforesaid) shall also (if such Insane Male or Female Person shall not have been removed) on the First Day of January in every succeeding Year, or within Seven clear Days after, transmit to such Clerk a Certificate signed by Two Physicians, Surgeons, or Apothecaries, describing the then actual State of Mind of such Insane Person, and to be indorsed " Private Return and all such Orders, Medical Certificates, and Returns shall be preserved by the said Clerk, and shall be open only to the Inspection of His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, and of the Lord High Chancellor or other the Person or Persons intrusted as aforesaid, and of such other Persons as shall be authorized to inspect the same by an Order under their respective Hands and Seals; and every Person (except as aforesaid) who shall receive to board or lodge in any House not licensed under this Act, or ' take the Care or Charge of, any Insane Person in any such House, and who shall omit to transmit such Copies of Orders and Certificates, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor; and the Clerk of the Metropolitan Commissioners in Lunacy, with the Sanction in Writing of His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, is hereby required to enforce the due Execution of this Provision of Law; and he shall be paid or allowed such a Sum of Money for any Proceedings thereabout as His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department shall think fit, and to be charged upon the Contingency Fund of the Home Office.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it Lord Chancel-shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Chancellor or other, or and Secre-the Person or Persons intrusted as aforesaid, or for His Majesty's tary of , Stat*. Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, in case tatkjnofPa^181" of any Person being confined as a State Lunatic, or under the tients in Care Order of any Criminal Court of Justice, if they shall think fit, at of Relatives, any Time or Times, by an Order by either of them directed to &c*; the said Metropolitan Commissioners, or to any other Person whom they shall think fit to appoint, to require the said Metropolitan Commissioners or other Person so to be appointed to visit and examine any Person confined as an Insane Person who shall be confined in the Care of any Guardian or Relative, or of any other Person, and to make a Report to the Lord Chancellor or other the Person or Persons intrusted as aforesaid, or to His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, of such Matters as they shall be directed to inquire into: Pro- but not Patients vided always, that the said Secretary of State shall have no under a Corn-Authority under this Act to order a Visitation or Examination of mittee' any Patient under the Care of a Committee appointed by the Lord High Chancellor or other the Person or Persons intrusted as aforesaid.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Lord Chancel-lawful for the Lord Chancellor or other the Person or Persons l°r or Secretary intrusted as aforesaid, or His Majesty's Principal Secretary of ^commis-State for the Home Department, if he shall think fit, to employ

any

634

C. 107.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

visit Lunatic Asylums and Public Hospitals.

Orders, &c. relative to Persons dying or cured to be delivered up to the Lord Chancellor.

Registers of private Patients to be delivered up to the Lord Chancellor.

Commissioners may summon Witnesses, .who shall be subject to Penalty for Neglect.

Summary Conviction.

any Metropolitan Commissioner appointed under this Act, or Medical or other Person, to inspect and inquire into the State of any Lunatic Asylum, Public Hospital, or other House or Place wherein any Insane Person, or Person represented to be insane, shall be confined, and to report to him the Result of such Inspection and Inquiry; and every such Commissioner, Medical or other Person, employed to visit any Person to inspect any Place as aforesaid, shall be paid or allowed such Sum of Money for his Attendance and Trouble as to the Lord Chancellor or other the Person or Persons intrusted as aforesaid, or His Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department, shall seem to be an adequate and reasonable Allowance, and such Expences shall be charged on the Contingency Fund of the Home Office.

L. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which any Patient shall die, or have been discharged as cured, the Order, Medical Certificates, and Notices required under this Act, or under the said recited Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, may be delivered up to the Lord Chancellor, or other the Person or Persons intrusted as aforesaid, to be cancelled, and the Name of such Person to be wholly erased from the Register thereof, within One Year after the Period of such Death or Discharge.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That after the passing of this Act the Clerk to the Metropolitan Commission appointed under the former Act for licensing Houses for the Reception of Insane Persons shall forthwith deliver up any Register of private Patients which may be in his Possession to the Lord Chancellor, or other Person or Persons intrusted as aforesaid, in order that the same may be cancelled.

LII. And for the better enabling the Metropolitan Commissioners and Visitors executing this Act to inquire into the several Matters and Things by this Act referred to them, be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for any Three of the said Commissioners, One of whom shall not be a Physician, or the said Visitors, from Time to Time as they shall see Occasion, to require, by Summons (according to the Form in Schedule (N.) annexed to this Act) , any Person to appear before them to testify the Truth touching any Matters relating to the Execution of the Powers given by this Act, on Oath or Affirmation, which Oath or Affirmation the said Commissioners or Visitors are hereby empowered to administer; and every Person who shall not appear before the said Commissioners or Visitors pursuant to such Summons, without assigning some reasonable Excuse for not appearing, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn or examined, and being thereof convicted before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, upon Information thereof upon Oath before any such Justice, shall for every such Neglect or Refusal forfeit and pay such Sum of Money, not exceeding Fifty Pounds nor less than Ten Pounds, as such Justice shall think fit and order.

LIII. And for the more effectual Prosecution of Offences punishable by summary Conviction under this Act, be it enacted, That where any Person shall be charged upon the Oath of a credible Witness before a Justice of the Peace for any Offence against the Provisions of this Act, the Justice may summon the

14? Person

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3 GULIELMI IV. C. 107.

635

Person charged to appear at a Time and Place to be named in such Summons; and if he shall not appear accordingly, and upon Proof of the due Service of the Summons, (by leaving the same at his last or usual Place of Abode,) the said Justice, with another Justice, may either proceed to hear and determine the Case, or issue his Warrant for apprehending such Person, and bringing him before him or some other Justices of the Peace; and the Justices before whom the Person so charged shall appear or be brought shall proceed to hear and determine the Case.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the Justices before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect, as the Case may require; and that no Conviction under this Act shall be void through Want of Form:

4 DE it remembered, That on the Day

of in the Year of our Lord

at in the County of A.B. is

convicted before us, of His Majesty's

4 Justices of the Peace for the said County, for that he the said did and we the said

adjudge the said for his Offence to pay the

4 Sum of

LV. And whereas it is not intended by this Act to give the Proprietors or resident Superintendent of any licensed House, 4 or any other Person concerned in confining any of His Majesty's Subjects, any new Justification from their being able to prove that the Person so confined has been sent there by such Order and upon such Medical Certificates as are required by this Act; be it therefore enacted, That in all Proceedings which shall be had under His Majesty's Writ of Habeas corpus, and in all Indictments, Informations, and Actions and other Proceedings that shall be preferred or brought against any Person for confining or ill-treating any of His Majesty's Subjects, insane, or represented or alleged to be insane, the Parties complained of shall be obliged to justify their Proceedings according to the Course of the Common Law, in the same Manner as if this Act had not been made.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That all Complaints and Informations of and for Offences against this Act, where any Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures are imposed by virtue of this Act, and not otherwise provided for, shall and may be made before One or more Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Offence shall be committed, and such Justice is hereby authorized and empowered to take cognizance thereof, and to summon the Person complained of to appear before Two or more Justices of the Peace, and upon Complaint upon Oath to issue their Warrant for the Apprehension of any such Person, and upon the appearing or not appearing of such Person pursuant to such Summons, or upon such Person being apprehended with such Warrant, to hear the Matter of every such Complaint and Information, by Examination of any Witness upon Oath, and to make any such Determination thereon as such Justices shall think proper; and, upon Conviction of any Persons, such Justices shall

Form of Conviction.

Proceedings of Proprietors to be justified in Course of Common Law.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

C. 107.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Appeal to Quarter Sessions,

and may issue a Warrant under their Hands and Seals for levying the Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture by virtue of this Act imposed for such Offence, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person so convicted; and it shall and may be lawful for any such Justice to order any Person so convicted to be detained and kept in the Custody of any Constable or other Peace Officer until Return can be conveniently made to such Warrant of Distress, unless the said Offender shall give sufficient Security, to the Satisfaction of such Justice, for his Appearance before the said Justice on such Day as shall be appointed for the Return of such Warrant of Distress, such Day not being more than Seven Days from the Time of taking any such Security, and which Security the said Justice is hereby empowered to take by way of Recognizance or otherwise; but if upon the Return of such Warrant of Distress it shall appear that no sufficient Distress can be had whereupon to levy the said Penalty or Forfeiture and such Costs and Charges as aforesaid, and the same shall not be forthwith paid, or in case it shall appear to the Satisfaction of such Justice, either by the Confession of the Offender or otherwise, that the Offender hath not sufficient Goods and Chattels whereupon the said Penalties, Forfeitures, Fines, Costs, and Charges may be levied under a Warrant of Distress, such Justice shall not be required to issue such Warrant of Distress; and thereupon it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for any Term not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalty or Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and all such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be paid into the Hands of the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be committed; and the Overplus (if any) arising from such Distress and Sale, after Payment of the Penalty, and the Costs and Charges attending the same, shall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner of the Goods and Chattels so distrained.

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person thinking himself aggrieved by any Order or Determination of any Justice of the Peace iii pursuance of this Act may, within Four Calendar Months after such Order made or given, complain to the Justices of the Peace at the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the County wherein the Offence shall be committed, the Person appealing having first given at least Fourteen clear Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and the Nature and Matter thereof, to the Person appealed against, and forthwith after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace, with two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order and Award of the said Court thereupon; and the said Justices, upon the Proof of such Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, shall, in a summary Way, hear and determine such Complaint at such General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said County, or, if they think proper, adjourn the Hearing hereof until the next General or

Quarter

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3o GULIELMI IV. C. 107.

637

Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said County, and, if they see Cause, may mitigate any Forfeiture or Fines, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Order or Determination, and shall and may also award such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured, or such Costs to either of the Parties, as they shall judge reasonable and proper; and all such Determinations of the said Justices shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Parties, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced or brought against any Person for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, the same shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and shall be laid or brought in the County, City, or Place where the Cause of Action shall have arisen, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant in every such Action or Suit shall and may at his Election plead specially or the General Issue Not Guilty, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to be so done, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought in any other County, City, or Place, or shall not have been commenced within the Time before limited for bringing the same, that then the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant; and upon a Verdict being so found, or if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action or Suit after the Defendant shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff, then the Defendant shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath or have in any other Cases by Law.

LIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person whomsoever to commence, prosecute, enter, file, or prefer any Action, Bill, Plaint, Information, or Indictment against any Person, under, or by virtue of this Act, unless the same be commenced, prosecuted, entered, filed, or preferred by Order of the said Metropolitan Commissioners at some One of their Meetings, or by the Justices at their General Quarter Sessions, within their respective Jurisdictions, or as is otherwise directed by this Act; and if any Action, Bill, Plaint* Information, or Indictment shall be commenced, entered, filed, or preferred by or in the Name of any Person whomsoever, (except as aforesaid,) the same and all Proceedings thereupon had shall be null and void; and the Court and Justice where or before whom such Action, Bill, Plaint, Information, or Indictment is or shall be or commenced, prosecuted, entered, filed, or preferred, shall not permit or suffer any Proceedings to be had; and no Metropolitan Commissioner, Justice, or Visitor shall in anywise be liable to any Criminal Proceeding or Civil Action for any Reasons to be given in the Execution of this Act.

LX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Clerk of the Metropolitan Commissioners or Clerk of the Peace to sue for and recover all Penalties or Forfeitures granted by this Act; and they are hereby respectively required to enforce the due Execution of this Act upon their own

Authority,

Limitation of Actions.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

Actions not to be brought except by Order of Commissioners or Justices.

Clerk of the Commissioners, &c. to enforce Act, and recover Penalties.

C. 1Q7.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Prosecution to be by Indictment at Assizes.

Act not to extend to Bethlehem Hospital, or to County Lunatic Asylums.

48 G. 3. c. 96.

9 G. 4. c. 40.

Nothing herein to extend to Public Hospitals or Institutions, except as to Visitations, and to the Transmission of Names of Patients.

[Commencement of Act.]

[Public Act.]

Authority, in all Cases not otherwise directed to have the previous Order of the said Commissioners or Justices, or by the Lord Chancellor or other Person or Persons intrusted as aforesaid, or by His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, for the doing thereof.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That the Prosecution for every Offence under this Act (except such as are committed within the Jurisdiction of the Metropolitan Commissioners, or such as are punishable by summary Conviction,) shall be by Indictment preferred to a Grand Jury at the Assizes to be held in and for the County wherein the Offence shall have been committed.

LXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to the Royal Hospital of Bethlehem, or any Building erected adjacent thereto, for the Confinement of Criminal Lunatics, or to the Royal Military or Naval Hospitals, or to any Lunatic Asylum already erected and established under an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the better Care and Maintenance of Lunatics, being Paupers or Criminals, in England, or erected and established, or hereafter to be erected and established, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend the Laws for the Erection and Regulation of County Lunatic Asylums, and more effectually to provide for the Care and Maintenance of Pauper and Criminal Lunatics, in England.

LXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to any Public Hospital or Parts of Public Hospitals, or other charitable Institutions supported wholly or partly by voluntary Contributions, or by applying the Excess of Payments of the more affluent in reduction of the Payment by Persons in more limited Circumstances, excepting ao far as relates to Visitations appointed by the Lord Chancellor or other the Person or Persons intrusted as aforesaid, or His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, and the Transmission in the Month of Aug%ist in every Year of a full and complete Report, according to the Form Schedule (M.) to this Act, of every Patient confined therein, or who shall have been confined therein within the Twelve Months preceding, and ending on the Thirty-first Day of July, to the Lord Chancellor or other Person or Persons intrusted as aforesaid, and also to the Clerk of the Metropolitan Commissioners, who shall file and preserve the same for the Inspection of the said Metropolitan Commissioners.

[Public Act.]

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and the several Matters and Things therein contained, shall commence and take effect from and after the passing of this Act, and not sooner, and shall continue in force for the Term of Three Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; and shall be deemed and taken to be a

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 107.

639

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers. SCHEDULE (A.)

Form of Licence.

Know all Men, That we the undersigned, being Five of the Metropolitan Commissioners in Lunacy, [or we the undersigned Justices of the Peace acting in and for

in Quarter Sessions assembled,] do hereby certify, That A.B. of the Parish of in the County of

hath delivered a Notice to and deposited with our Clerk [or Clerk of the Peace] a Plan and Description of a House and Premises proposed to be licensed for the Reception of Insane Persons; and we, having considered and approved the same, do hereby authorize and empower the said A.B.

[or C.D. as Superintendant, the said A.B. not intending to reside therein himself,] to use and employ the House and Buildings situate

at in the Parish of

in the County of as a House for the

Reception of Insane Persons [Male and

Female, or Male or Female only] whereof to

be Parish Pauper Patients; and this Licence to continue in force for the Space of Calendar Months and

no longer.

Given under our Hands and Seals this Day

of in the

Year of our Lord . (l.s.)

Witness (l.s.)

A.B. (l.s.)

Clerk to the Metropolitan Commissioners, (l.s.)

or

Clerk of the Peace.

Note:— Fourteen Days previous Notice of the Intention to renew this Licence must be given to the Clerk of the Metropolitan Commissioners or Clerk of the Peace.

SCHEDULE (B.)

Statement and Order to be annexed to the Medical Certificates authorizing the Reception of an Insane Person.

The Patient's true Christian and Surname V at full Length -

The Patient's Age -Married or single - The Patient's previous Occupation *1 (if any) -

The Patient's previous Place of Abode The licensed House or other Place (if! any) in which the Patient was before f confined - -J

Whether found lunatic by Inquisition, ! and Date of Commission - - /

Special

640

C. 107.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Special Circumstance which shall pre-"l vent the Patient being separately ex- > amined by Two Medical Practitioners J Special Circumstance which exists to l prevent the Insertion of any of the > above Particulars -J

Sir,

Upon the Authority of the above Statement, and the annexed Medical Certificates, I request you will receive the said as a Patient into your House.

I am, Sir,

Your obedient Servant,

Name

Occupation (if any)

Place of Abode -

Degree of Relationship (if any) to

the Insane Person

To Mr.

Proprietor of

SCHEDULE (C.)

Form of Medical Certificates.

I, the undersigned, hereby certify, That I separately visited and personally examined the Person named in the

annexed Statement and Order, on the Day

of One thousand eight hundred and

and that the said is of unsound Mind,

and a proper Person to be confined.

(Signed)

Name -

Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary __________

Place of Abode.

I, the undersigned, hereby certify, That I separately visited and personally examined the Person named in

the annexed Statement and Order, on the Day

of One thousand eight hundred and and that the said

is of unsound Mind, and a proper Person to be confined.

(Signed)

Name -

Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary __________

Place of Abode - - .

SCHEDULE (D.)

Form of Order by Justice of Peace in Cases of Pauper Lunatics.

} Whereas it appears to me,

of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the having called to my Assistance

Mr. that chargeable to

the Parish of in the said County,

is

A.D. 1832.

2° & 8° GULIELMI IV. C. 107.

is of unsound Mind, you are hereby directed to cause the said to be conveyed to the Lunatic Asylum

in the County of [or the House of

at duly licensed for the Reception of Insane Persons].

Given under Hand and Seal, this Day of

One thousand eight hundred and

(l.s.)

To the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of in the County of

SCHEDULE (E.)

Form of Order by Officiating Clergyman and One Overseer of the Parish.

Whereas it appears to us, the undersigned, being the Officiating Clergyman of the Parish of and

One of the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of having called to our Assistance A.B.

[Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary], that E.K., chargeable to the Parish of is of unsound Mind, and a proper Person to be received into a House licensed for the Reception of Insane Persons, we request you to receive the said E, K. into your licensed House.

(Signed)__________Officiating Clergyman.

__________Overseer.

SCHEDULE (F.)

Form of Medical Certificate in the above Cases.

I do hereby certify, That by the Directions of Justice of the Peace in and for the County of [or the Reverend of the Parish of Officiating Minister, and

Overseer] I have personally examined the said and that the said is of unsound Mind.

Dated this Day of One thousand eight hundred and

Physician,

_ Surgeon, or

Apothecary.

(Signed)

SCHEDULE (G.)

Notice.

Sir,

I am to acquaint you, That was received into my House on the Day

of and I herewith transmit a Copy of the Order and Medical Certificates.

(Signed)__________

To

The Clerk of the Metropolitan Commissioners,

[or,

The Clerk of the Peace.]

2 & 3 Gul. IV. Tt SCHE-

641

642 C. 10?. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

SCHEDULE (H.)

Form of Notice on Discharge, Removal, or Death of Patient.

I of hereby give

you Notice, That of a

Patient in the licensed House situate in was

removed therefrom by of [or

died] on the Day of One thousand eight hundred and [Here describe the State of Mind on Removal.]

Dated this Day of One thousand eight hundred and

(Signed)__________

The Clerk of the Metropolitan Commissioners in Lunacy, [or,

Clerk of the Peace.]

SCHEDULE (I.)

Medical Journal and Weekly Statement to be kept in each licensed House for the Inspection of Commissioners or Visitors.

Names of probably curable Men. Names of probably curable Women. No. of probably curable Men. No. of probably incurable Men. No. of probably curable Women. No. of probably incurable Women. No. of Men under Restraint. No. of Women under Restraint. General Remarks on the State of Health of the Patients, and Condition of the House.

In Cases of Restraint, the Approbation or Disapprobation of the Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary to be certified.

(Signed) __________

Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary.

To be inspected by the Commissioners or Visitors at their Visitation, and signed accordingly *

SCHEDULE (K.)

Form of Permission for regulating Medical Attendance.

Whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Second and Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act for regulating for Three Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Care and Treatment of Insane Persons in England," it is amongst other things provided and enacted, that when any House licensed for the Reception of Insane Persons shall be licensed to receive less than Eleven Insane Persons, then it shall and may be lawful for a Majority of the said Commissioners, at any Meeting under this Act, or the said Visitors, if they shall so think fit, to direct and permit that such House shall be visited by the Physician,

4 Surgeon,

A.D. 1832. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. c. 107.

Surgeon, or Apothecary Once at the least in every Four Weeks, instead of Twice in every Week, as required by the said Act: And whereas on the Day of the Metropolitan Commissioners appointed under the said Act [or the Justices] duly granted a Licence for the Space of Calendar Months to for a

House situate at in the County of

for the Reception of Insane Persons: And whereas the said hath applied to

the said Commissioners [or Visitors] that they will be pleased to direct and permit the said House to be visited Once in every Four Weeks instead of Twice in every Week: Now know ye, That we the undersigned Commissioners [or Visitors], having thought fit to accede to the above Request, do by this Instrument in Writing under our Hands and Seals direct and permit that the House so licensed to the said as aforesaid shall be visited by a Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary Once at the least in Four Weeks, instead of Twice in every Week, as required by the said Act; provided always, and it is hereby expressly declared, that this Permission shall be subject to such Revocation or Alteration as the said Metropolitan Commissioners [or Visitors] shall think fit. Witness our Hands and Seals, this Day of One thousand eight hundred and

SCHEDULE (M.)

Form of Book of Entry of Patients to be kept in the licensed Houses, and of Register to be kept by the Clerk of the Metropolitan Commissioners and Visitors, and of Annual Report to be made by Public Hospitals and Charitable Institutions.

Surname and Christian Names, Sex and Age of Patient, and whether single or married. Occupation or Profession. Place of Residence. Date of Admission of Patient, and by whose Authority sent.* Date of Medical Certificates, and by whom signed. Whether found lunatic by Inquisition. When discharged. Cured, not cured, or incurable. Death.

In the Book of Entry of Patients to be kept in a licensed House, the Name, Occupation, and Place of Abode of the Person by whom such Patient shall be brought must be entered; and in the Register to be kept by the Clerk of the Commissioners or Clerk of the Peace, the Name of the Proprietor or resident Superintendant, and of the licensed House in which the Patient is confined, must be added.

Witness

(l.s.)

(l.s.)

644

C. 107, 108.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 18 32

Where Tumult or Riot, &c. has taken place or may be apprehended, Justices empowered to appoint Special Constables.

SCHEDULE (N.)

Form of Summons.

We whose Names are hereunto set and Seals affixed, [Commissioners or Visitors] appointed under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Second and Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act for regulating for Three Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Care and Treatment of Insane Persons in England," do hereby summon and require you personally to appear before us at in the

Parish of in the County of on

next, the Day of at the Hour

of in the noon of the same Day,

and then and there to be examined, and testify the Truth touching certain Matters relating to the Execution of the said Act.

Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day

of in the Year of our Lord

(l.s.)

(l.s.)

(L.S.)

CAP. CVIII.

An Act for amending the Laws in Ireland relative to the Appointment of Special Constables, and for the better Preservation of the Peace.

[15th August 1832.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Laws in Ireland T relative to the Appointment of Special Constables, and

to make other Provisions for the better Preservation of the ' public Peace in that Part of the United Kingdom Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all Cases where it shall be made to appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace of any County, Riding, County of a City, County of a Town or Place in Ireland, upon the Oath of any credible Witness, that any Tumult, Affray, Riot, or Felony has taken place or may be reasonably apprehended in any Parish, Townland, or Place situate within the Jurisdiction of such Justices, and such Justices shall be of opinion that the ordinary Police or Constabulary or other Force, or Officers of Justice, constituted and established therein, are not sufficient for the Preservation of the Peace and for the Protection of the Inhabitants and the Security of the Property in any such Place as aforesaid, then and in every such Case such Justices are hereby authorized to nominate and appoint, by Precept in Writing under their Hands, so many as they shall think fit of the Householders or other Persons (not legally exempt from serving the Office of Constable) residing in such Parish, Townland, or Place as aforesaid, or the Neighbourhood thereof, to act as Special Constables for such Time and in such Manner as to the said Justices respectively shall seem fit and necessary, for the Preservation of the public Peace and for the Protection of the

Inhabitants

A.D. 1832.

2° & 8° GULIELMI IV. C. 108.

645

Inhabitants and the Security of the Property in such Parish, Townland, or Place; and the Justices of the Peace who shall appoint any Special Constables by virtue of this Act, or any One of them, or any other Justice of the Peace acting for the same Limits, are and is hereby authorized to administer to every Person so appointed the following Oath; (that is to say,)

I A.B. do swear, That I will well and truly serve our Sovereign ' Lord the King in the Office of Special Constable for the

Parish [or Townland or District] of without

Favour or Affection, Malice or Ill-will, and that I will to the ' best of my Power cause the Peace to be kept and preserved,

and prevent all Offences against the Persons and Properties of

His Majesty's Subjects; and that while I continue to hold the ' said Office I will to the best of my Skill and Knowledge discharge all the Duties thereof faithfully according to Law.

So help me GOD/ Provided always, that whenever it shall be deemed necessary to nominate and appoint such Special Constables as aforesaid, Notice of such Nomination and Appointment, and of the Circumstances which have rendered such Nomination and Appointment expedient, shall be forthwith transmitted by the Justices making such Nomination and Appointment to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and to the Lieutenant of the County or Place.

II. And be it further enacted, That in any Case in which any Number of the Householders or other Persons not legally exempt from serving the Office of Constable shall have been appointed by the Justices in manner aforesaid to act as Special Constables for any Parish, Townland, or Place as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, on the Representation of any Two Justices of the Peace, to order that the Persons exempt by Law from serving as Special Constables in such Parish, Townland, or Place, or the Neighbourhood thereof, shall, notwithstanding such Exemption, be appointed and sworn in to act as Special Constables as if they were not by Law exempt; and such Persons shall accordingly be appointed and sworn in manner aforesaid, and shall be liable to act for Two Calendar Months only.

III. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to give Direction to the Lieutenant of any County or Place to nominate and appoint, and to cause to be sworn, Special Constables throughout the whole of such County or Place, or any Portion thereof, of whatever Size or Denomination, and to signify, if he or they shall see fit, that no Person shall be excused from being so appointed and sworn in by reason of any Exemption: Provided always, that the Persons so appointed and sworn in, whether having Cause of Exemption or not, shall only be called upon to act for Three Calendar Months.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Justices of the Peace who shall have appointed any Special Constables under this Act, or any Two of them, or the Justices acting within the Limits wherein such Special Constables shall have been called out, at a Special Session of such last-mentioned Justices, or the major Part of such

T t 3 last-

Justices to administer to the Persons appointed the following Oath.

Notice of such Appointment to be transmitted to Lord Lieutenant.

Lord Lieutenant may order Persons exempt by Law to act as Special Constables.

Time of Service limited.

Lord Lieutenant may order Special Constables to be appointed, without Exemption.

Period of Service.

Justices to make Orders and Regulations respecting Special Constables, &c.

C. 108.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Special Constables to have all the Powers^ &c. pertaining to the Office of Constable.

Justices may-order Special Constables to act in any adjoining County.

Penalty on Person appointed refusing to take the Oath, or neglecting to attend as required.

Penalty on Persons appointed.

last-mentioned Justices at such Special Session* shall have Power to make such Orders and Regulations as may from Time to Time be necessary and expedient for rendering such Special Constables more efficient for the Preservation of the public Peace, and shall also have Power to remove any such Special Constable from his Office for any Misconduct or Neglect of Duty therein.

V. And be it enacted, That every Special Constable appointed under this Act shall, not only within the Parish, Townland, or Place for which he shall have been appointed, but also throughout the entire Jurisdiction of the Justices so appointing him, have, exercise, and enjoy all such Powers, Authorities, Rights, Privileges, Advantages, and Immunities, and be liable to all such Duties and Responsibilities, as any Constable duly appointed now has within his Constablewick by virtue of the Common Law of this Realm or of any Statute or Statutes.

VI. And be it enacted, That where any Special Constables appointed under this Act shall be serving within any County, and Two or more Justices of the Peace of any adjoining County shall make it appear to the Satisfaction of any Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the Limits wherein such Special Constables are serving, that any extraordinary Circumstances exist which would render it expedient that such Special Constables should act in such adjoining County, then and in every such Case the said last-mentioned Justices are hereby authorized (if they shall think fit) to order all or any of the said Special Constables to act in such adjoining County, in such Manner as to the said last-mentioned Justices shall seem meet; and every such Special Constable, during the Time that he shall so act in such adjoining County, shall have, exercise, and enjoy all such Powers, Authorities, Rights, Privileges, Advantages, and Immunities, and be liable to all such Duties and Responsibilities, as if he were acting within the Parish, Townland, or Place for which he was originally appointed.

VII. And be it enacted, That if any Person, being appointed a Special Constable as aforesaid shall refuse to take the Oath herein-before mentioned, when thereunto required by the Justices of the Peace so appointing him, or by any other Two Justices of the Peace acting within the same Limits, he shall be liable to be convicted thereof forthwith before the said Justices so requiring him, and to forfeit and pay such Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds as to the said Justices so requiring him shall seem meet; and if any Person, being appointed a Special Constable as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place for which he shall be summoned for the Purpose of taking the said Oath, he shall be liable to be convicted thereof forthwith before the Justices so appointing him, or before any other Two Justices of the Peace acting within the same Limits, and to forfeit and pay such Sum of Money, not exceeding Jive Pounds, as to the convicting Justices shall seem meet, unless such Person shall prove to the Satisfaction of the said Justices that he was prevented by Sickness or such other unavoidable Accident as shall in the Judgment of the said Justices be a sufficient Excuse.

VIII. And be it enacted, That if any Person, being appointed a Special Constable as aforesaid, and being called upon to serve

as

2° & 3° GULIEL, MI IV.

C. 108.

647

as such Special Constable as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to serve as such Special Constable, or to obey such lawful Orders and Directions as may be given to him for the Performance of the Duties of his Office, every Person so offending shall, on Conviction thereof before any Two Justices of the Peace, forfeit and pay for every such Neglect or Refusal such Sum of Money, not exceeding Five Pounds, as to the said Justices shall seem meet, unless such Person shall prove to the Satisfaction of the said Justices that he was prevented by Sickness or such other unavoidable Accident as shall in the Judgment of the said Justices be a sufficient Excuse.

IX. And be it enacted, That the Justices who shall have appointed any Special Constables under this Act are hereby empowered, or the Justices acting for the Limits within which such Special Constables shall have been called out, at a Special Session to be held for that Purpose, or the major Part of such last-mentioned Justices at such Special Session, are hereby empowered to suspend or determine the Services of any or all of the Special Constables so called out, as to the said Justices respectively shall seem meet; and Notice of such Suspension or Determination of the Services of any or all of the said Special Constables shall be forthwith transmitted by such respective Justices to the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his Under Secretary, and also to the Lieutenant of the County.

X. And be it enacted, That every such Special Constable shall, within One Week after the Expiration of his Office, or after he shall cease to hold and exercise the same pursuant to this Act, deliver over to his Successor (if any such shall have been appointed) , or otherwise to such Person and at such Time and Place as may be directed by any Justice of the Peace acting for the Limits within which such Special Constable may have been called out, every Staff, Weapon, and other Articles which shall have been provided for such Special Constable under this Act; and if any such Special Constable shall omit or refuse so to do, he shall, on Conviction thereof before Two Justices of the Peace, forfeit and pay for every such Offence such Sum of Money, not exceeding Two Pounds, as to the convicting Justices shall seem meet.

XI. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall assault or resist any Constable appointed by virtue of this Act whilst in the Execution of his Office, or shall promote or encourage any other Person so to do, every such Person shall, on Conviction thereof before Two Justices of the Peace, forfeit and pay for such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, or shall be liable to such other Punishment, upon Conviction on any Indictment or Information for such Offence, as any Persons are by Law liable to for assaulting any Constable in the Execution of the Duties of his Office.

XII. And be it enacted, That the Justices of the Peace acting for the Limits within which any such Special Constable shall have been called out to serve, at a Special Session to be held for that Purpose, or the major Part of the Justices at such Special Session, are hereby empowered to order from Time to Time such reason-

T t 4 able

being called upon, and refusing to serve, or disobeying Orders.

Justices may suspend or determine the Service of Special Constables.

In either Case Notice to be transmitted to Chief Secretary of Lord Lieutenant.

Special Constables, after Expiration of Service, to deliver up Staves, Weapons, &c. on pain of Penalty.

Penalty on assaulting or resisting a Constable on Duty.

Justices may order reasonable Allowances and Expences to be paid to Special Constables,

648

C. 108.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

by Order on County Treasurer.

Grand Juries to present such Sums as shall be ordered under this Act.

Justices of Peace may adjourn Special Sessions from Time to Time.

Prosecution of Offences by summary Conviction and Disposal of Penalties.

Recovery of Penalties.

able Allowances for their Trouble, Loss of Time, and Expences, to be paid to such Special Constable who shall have so served or be then serving, as to the said Justices or such major Part of them shall seem proper, and the said Justices, or such major Part of them, may also order the Payment of such Expences as may have been incurred in providing Staves or other necessary Articles for such Special Constables; and the said Justices shall make such Order for the Payment of such Allowances and Expences upon the Treasurer of the County, County of a City* County of a Town within or within any Part of which such Special Constables may have served, who is hereby required to pay the same out of any Public Money which shall then be in his Hands; and the said Treasurer shall be allowed all such Payments in his Accounts.

XIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of the County, County of a City, or County of a Town to which such Order shall relate, and each such Grand Jury is hereby required, to present to be raised off such County, County of a City, or County of a Town, or any Barony, Half Barony, Townland, or other Division or Denomination of Land within which such Special Constables may have served, the Amount of all Sums so ordered to be paid under the Authority of this Act.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the Justices of the Peace assembled at any Special Session for any of the Purposes mentioned in this Act shall have Power to adjourn the same from Time to Time as they shall think proper; and that every Special Session which shall have been actually holden for any of the Purposes mentioned in this Act shall be deemed and taken to have been legally holden, until the contrary shall be proved.

XV. And be it enacted, 'That the Prosecution of every Offence-punishable upon summary Conviction by virtue of this Act shall be commenced within Two Calendar Months after the Commission of the Offence; and that every Penalty and Forfeiture for any Offence against this Act shall be paid to such Hospital, Infirmary, or other charitable Institution situate within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the convicting Justices, as such convicting Justices may direct; and no Person shall by reason of the Application of any such Penalty or Forfeiture as aforesaid be deemed an incompetent Witness in proof of any Offence against this Act.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the Justices of the Peace by whom any Person shall be summarily convicted and adjudged to pay any Sum of Money for any Offence against this Act may adjudge that such Person shall pay the same either immediately or within such Period as the said Justices shall think fit; and in case such Sum of Money shall not be paid at the Time so appointed, the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, together with the reasonable Charges of such Distress; and for Want of sufficient Distress such Offender shall be imprisoned in the Common Gaol or House of Correction, as to the convicting Justices shall seem meet, for any Term not exceeding One Calendar Month when the Sum to be paid shall not exceed Five Pounds, and for any Term not exceeding Two Calendar Months in any other Case, the Imprisonment

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV.

649

C. 108.

sonment to cease in each of the Cases aforesaid upon Payment of the Sum due.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the Justices of the Peace before whom any Person shall be summarily convicted for any Offence against this Act may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or to the like Effect; (that is to say,)

1 \ IJE it remembered, That on the Day

t to wit, j of in thg year of our Lord

at in the County of A.E. is convicted before us, J.P. and

4 J. J. P., Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said

4 County, for that he the said A.E. did [here specify the Offence,

and the Time and Place when and where the same was committed9 ' as the Case may be-\; and we do adjudge that the said A.F, 4 shall for the said Offence forfeit the Sum of

and shall pay the same immediately [or shall pay the same on or before the Day of ] to

4 C.D., being [the Treasurer, Governor, or other Officer, as the Case may be, administering the Funds of the Hospital, Infirmary, 4 or other charitable Institution to which such Fine may be given, to be by him applied to the Use of such Hospital, Infirmary, or other Institution, as may happen.] Given under our Hands the Day 4 and Year first above mentioned.

4 J.P. & J.J, P. '

XVIII. And be it enacted, That no Conviction for any Offence against this Act shall be quashed for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari or otherwise into any of His Majesty's Superior Courts of Record; and that no Warrant of Commitment shall be held void by reason of any Defect therein, provided it be therein alleged that it is founded on a Conviction, and there be a good and valid Conviction to sustain the same; and that where any Distress shall be made for levying any Money by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party making the same be deemed a Trespasser, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party distraining be deemed a Trespasser ab initio on account of any Irregularity afterwards committed by him, but the Person aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage (if any) in an Action upon the Case.

XIX. And be it enacted, That all Actions and Prosecutions to be commenced against any Person for any thing done in pursuance of this Act shall be laid and tried in the County, Riding, County of a City, or County of a Town where the Fact was committed, and shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the Fact committed, and not otherwise; and Notice in Writing of such Cause of Action shall be given to the Defendant One Calendar Month at least before the Commencement of the Action; and in any such Action the Defendant may plead the General Issue, or, in case of Replevin, may avow generally that the Goods and Chattels mentioned in the Plaintiff's Declaration were taken by virtue of the Act, and give this Act

Form of Conviction.

Convictions not to be quashed for Want of Form.

Limitation of Actions.

C. 108, 109. 2# & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

1 G.4. c. 37. repealed as to Ireland.

Act limited.

Act not to abridge the Powers of Justices.

and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and no Plaintiff shall recover in any such Action if Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made before such Action brought, or if a sufficient Sum of Money shall have been paid into Court after such Action brought, by or on behalf of the Defendant; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant, or the Plaintiff shall become Nonsuit, or discontinue any such Action after Issue joined, or if, upon Demurrer or otherwise, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff, the Defendant shall recover his full Costs as between Attorney and Client, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath by Law in other Cases; and though a Verdict shall be given for the Plaintiff in any such Action, such Plaintiff shall not have Costs against the Defendant, unless the Judge before whom the Trial shall be shall certify his Approbation of the Action, and of the Verdict obtained thereupon.

XX. And be it enacted, That an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to increase the Power of Magistrates in the Appointment of Special Constables, shall be and the same is hereby repealed as to all Parts of Ireland.

XXI. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to England or Scotland.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to abridge any Powers for preserving the public Peace, whether by appointing Constables or otherwise, which any Justice or Justices of the Peace had by Law, or by virtue of any Statute or Statutes, before the passing of the said herein-before recited Act of the First Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth.

CAP. CIX.

An Act for settling and securing Annuities on the Right Honourable Charles Manners Sutton and on his next Heir Male, in consideration of the eminent Services of the said Right Honourable Charles Manners Sutton.

[15th August 1832.]

" An Annuity of 4,000l. to be paid to the Right Honourable " Charles Manners Sutton during his Life. § 1. After his Decease " an Annuity of 3,000l. to his Heir Male. § 2. Treasury to direct " the Auditor of the Exchequer to pay the Annuities. § 3. Payment of Annuities not to be affected by Demise of His Majesty," &c. § 4. Lord High Treasurer and Commissioners of the " Tre^ury, &c. enjoined to perform the several Duties required " by this Act without Fee. §. 5. Receipt of Annuitant to be a " sufficient Discharge for the Payment of the yearly Sum. Officers of Exchequer may be proceeded against for Refusal or Neglect " to pay the Annuities. § 6. Annuities respectively vested in the Parties named, and in neither Case to be aliened beyond " the Life of the Possessor. § 7. One Half of the Annuity to be " suspended during any Period in which the Right Honourable " Charles Manners Sutton may hereafter hold any Place under

« His

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. c. 109, 110.

651

" His Majesty of equal or greater Profit than the Annuity. § 8. " Proviso, in case the Heir Male should succeed to the Office " of Registrar of the Prerogative Court of the Archbishop of " Canterbury, then the Annuity of 3,000l. to cease; but if the " Profits of the Office shall not produce the net annual Sum of " 3,000l., then there shall be paid such a Sum annually as will " make up a clear annual Income of 3,000l. § 9."

CAP. CX.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Duties to be performed by the Officers on the Plea or Common Law Side of the Court of Exchequer.

[15th August 1832.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the ' more effectual Administration of Justice in England and Wales; and by the said Act certain Changes were made on the Plea or ' Common Law Side of the Court of Exchequer: And whereas ' William Stewart Rose Esquire now is Clerk of the Pleas in the ' said Court, and is lawfully entitled to execute the said Office, ' by himself or his sufficient Deputy, during the Term of his ' natural Life, and Thomas Dax Esquire (commonly called the ' Master) now is Deputy Clerk of the Pleas, and Stephen Richards, ' Kenrick Collett, Edmund Walker, and George Chilton, Esquires, ' are the Four sworn Clerks in the said Court; and the said ' Thomas Dax, Stephen Richards, Kenrick Collett, Edmund Walker, ' and George Chilton are the Five principal acting Officers of the said Court: And whereas the Business in the Offices on the ' Plea or Common Law Side of the said Court has greatly ' increased, and the same since the passing of the said Act has been conducted and performed by the said Deputy Clerk of the ' Pleas and the said Four sworn Clerks, but without any Regulation as to the respective Duties to be performed by each; and many of the Duties of the Master have from Necessity ' been performed by the sworn Clerks, but without any Obligation upon them to perform such Duties; and it is expedient to ' apportion such Business among the said Officers, and to fix and 6 determine the Duties to be performed by them respectively Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Commencement of this Act there shall continue to be Five principal Officers on the Plea Side of the said Court (exclusive of the said William Stewart Rose Esquire, the said Clerk of the Pleas) , and no more; and that the said Thomas Dax, Stephen Richards, Kenrick Collett!, Edmund Walker, and George Chilton, Esquires, who have so conducted the Business on the Plea Side of the said Court, and their Successors, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, perform the same as follows; that is to say, the said Thomas Dax, Kenrick Collett, and Edmund Walker shall perform the Duties of Master and Prothonotary, the said Stephen Richards the Duties of the Clerk of the Rules, and the said George Chilton the Duties of Filazer of the said Court, and the said Officers

shall

1 W.4. c. 70.

There shall be Five principal Officers on the Plea Side of the Court, exclusive of the Clerk of the Pleas.

Their Offices.

652

C. 110.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Offices to be held during good Behaviour, with such Assistants as the Court may deem necessary.

Persons holding any of the Offices, or their Assistants, not to act as Attorneys or Agents.

Clerk of 11 Errors.

Attendance and Hours of Business to be as directed by the Court.

In case of Sickness, &c. Leave of Absence may be granted, and, if necessary, a Deputy appointed.

shall be styled and designated accordingly; and if any Doubt or Difference shall at any Time arise respecting the Duties to be performed by the said respective Officers, the same shall be settled and determined by the Lord Chief Baron and the other Barons of the said Court for the Time being.

II. And be it further enacted, That such Officers and their Successors shall hold their said Offices during good Behaviour, and shall and may, in and for the Discharge of the Duties of their respective Offices, have such Assistants and Clerks as the Lord Chief Baron and the other Barons of the said Court for the Time being shall determine to be necessary and proper; and that such Assistants and Clerks shall and may be appointed by such Officers respectively, subject to the Approbation of the Lora Chief Baron for the Time being; and that each of the said Officers shall at all Times be responsible for the Conduct of such of the said Assistants and Clerks whom he shall appoint.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Second Day of Easter Term One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three, no Person holding any of the said Offices, or being an Assistant or Clerk to any of the said Officers, shall act as an Attorney or Solicitor, or Agent of an Attorney or Solicitor, in any Court of Law or Equity in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, either separately or in Partnership with any other, during such Time as he shall hold such Office or act as such Assistant or Clerk.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Office of Clerk of the Errors, now filled and executed by the said Thomas Dax, shall continue to be filled and executed by him as long as he shall be a Master or Prothonotary of the said Court, and no longer, and the same shall always hereafter be filled by the Person who shall be the senior Master or Prothonotary of the Court for the Time being.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Officers, and their Assistants and Clerks, shall give their Attendance in Court or elsewhere, and shall conduct the Business in their several Departments, at such Hours, and in every respect in such Manner, as the said Lord Chief Baron and other Barons of the said Court shall from Time to Time order and direct.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if either of the said Officers shall, from Sickness or other reasonable Cause, have Occasion to be absent from the Business of his said Office, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, by and with the Permission of the Lord Chief Baron for the Time being, or, in his Absence, of some other Baron of the said Court, to give Leave of Absence, by his Order in Writing, to such Officer, and, if necessary, to appoint a Deputy in his Place and Stead during such Time as shall be expressed in such Order; and the Name of such Deputy, and also the Cause and Time of such Absence, shall be stated in such Order; and such Deputy may, if Occasion shall require it, be changed by the said Lord Chief Baron, or, in his Absence, by some other Baron of the said Court; and every such Deputy shall be paid by the Principal for whom he shall so act as aforesaid, and as the said Lord Chief Baron, or other Baron of the said Court, shall direct in such Order.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 110.

653

The Lord Chief Baron, in certain Coses, may fill up Vacancies until there shall be an effective Officer.

filled up.

As to the filling up of Vacancies in the Offices of Master and Protbonotary;

VII. And be it further enacted, That if either of the said Offices shall become vacant, or if any such Officer shall be unable to act in his said Office from Sickness or any other Cause, and shall be unable to appoint a Deputy, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Chief Baron, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to appoint a Person to perform the Duty of such Officer until there shall be an effective Officer to discharge the same; and such Person so appointed shall, during the Continuance of such Deputation or Appointment, have all iiid every the Rights, Emoluments, Powers, and Authorities, and shall be subject to the same Liabilities, as such Officer whose Duty he shall so have been appointed to perform would have possessed or been liable to.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That when a Vacancy shall office of Clerk occur in the said Office of Clerk of the Pleas, by the Demise of of the Pleas not the said William Stewart Rose Esquire, or otherwise, the said to be again Office shall not again be filled up, but the same shall from thenceforth cease and determine.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Vacancy shall occur in either of the said Offices of Master and Prothonotary during the Lifetime of the said William Stewart Rose, and while he shall hold the said Office of Clerk of the Pleas as aforesaid, the said William Stewart Rose shall, as often as such Vacancy shall happen, appoint a Person to succeed to such Office, subject to the Approbation of the Lord Chief Baron for the Time being; and after the Death of the said William Stewart Rose, or other Determination of his said Office, when any Vacancy shall occur in either of the said Offices of Master and Prothonotary, the Lord Chief Baron of the said Court for the Time being shall appoint a fit and proper Person to fill the same; and when, at any Time after the passing of this Act, any Vacancy shall occur in the Offices of Clerk of the Rules and Filazer of the said Court, the Lord Chief Baron for the Time being shall appoint a fit and proper Person to fill such Office.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Five Officers shall receive, by way of Salary, for performing the Duties of their respective Offices, such annual Sum as the Lord Chief Baron fixed b the and the other Barons of the said Court, with the Approbation of Court, and paid the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, shall think out of the Fees, proper, to commence and be computed and payable from the

Twelfth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty, the said Salaries to be retained and paid out of the Fees by Law payable in respect of the Duties performed by the Officers of g lugofpees the Common Law Side of the said Court; and the Surplus of tou^ Counted such Fees, after deducting the Expences of Assistants and Clerks, for yearly, the Amount of which shall be fixed and regulated by the said Court, and the other necessary Expences of the said Office, shall be accounted for once every Year, upon Oath, before the Lord Chief Baron and other Barons of the said Court, and the Balance, if any, shall be paid over to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury; and any Sum which may be awarded to the said Officers by the Commissioners, or any or either of them, under the Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Receipt and

future

and of the Clerk of the Rules and Filazer.

Salaries of the said Five Officers to be

ano, in.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

future Appropriation of Fees and Emoluments receivable by Officers of the Superior Courts of Common Law, shall be taken into consideration in fixing and ascertaining their said respective Salaries.

W.S. Rose Esq,

XI. And be it farther enacted, That there shall be paid to the to receive an said William Stewart Rose such annual Sum as the Lord Chief unti^Commis- aron an(* other Barons of the said Court, with the Approbation sioners make Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, shall

their Report. think proper, out of the said Fees, until the said Commissioners under the said Act of the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty shall make their Report upon the Claim made by the said William Stewart Rose under the said last-mentioned Act. Officers not

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no

entitled to Com- Officer or other Person named in or appointed by virtue of this pensation if Of- Act shall be entitled to have or claim any Compensation what-fices abolished. ever for or by reason or in consequence of any such Office being regulated or abolished by Law or the Orders of the said Court, or otherwise.

Commencement

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and every of Act. Clause and Matter therein contained, shall commence and have

Effect immediately from and after the passing of the same.

Act may be

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be

altered. amended, altered, or repealed during the present Session.

CAP. CXI.

An Act to abolish certain Sinecure Offices connected with the Court of Chancery, and to make Provision for the Lord High Chancellor on his Retirement from Office.

[15th August 1832.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Offices herein-after ' mentioned should be abolished as soon as Provision can

be made for the due Performance of the Duties thereunto ' belonging:* Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled. Certain Offices and by the Authority of the same, That the Offices of Keeper or abolished. Clerk of His Majesty's Hanaper, the Patentee of the Subpoena Office, the Registrar of Affidavits, the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, the Clerk of the Patents, the Clerk of the Custodies of Lunatics and Idiots, the Prothonotary of the Court of Chancery, the Chaff Wax, the Sealer, the Clerk of the Presentations, the Clerk of Inrolments in Bankruptcy, the Clerk of Dispensations and Faculties, and the Patentee for the Execution of the Laws and Statutes concerning Bankrupts, shall utterly cease and determine from and after the Twentieth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three.

Offices not to II- Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted by determine until the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall Removal of Per- be construed to determine any of the aforesaid Offices now sons appointed holden, in Possession or Reversion, by any Person appointed ore 1st une. thereto on or before the First Day of June last, until the Decease or Resignation of such Person.

Annuity of

III. And whereas by reason of the Abolition of the said

5, oooo/. to Lord Offices the Lord High Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great

Seal

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C.lll.

655

Seal for the Time being will be deprived of the Patronage and Chancellor on Gift of the said Offices, which does of Right belong to and has Resignation of been exercised by him; and it is therefore just and equitable officethat more ample Provision should be made for the Lord High Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal on his Retirement from Office; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by any Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to give and grant, unto any Person executing the Office of Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain for the Time being, or the Office of Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain, an Annuity or yearly Sum of Money not exceeding Five thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, to commence and take effect immediately from and after the Period whenever the Person to whom such Annuity or yearly Sum of Money shall be granted shall resign the said Office of Lord Chancellor, or the Office of Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain, or be removed from the same respectively, and to continue from thenceforth for and during the natural Life of the Person to whom the same shall be granted as aforesaid; and such Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum shall be issued and payable out of and be charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such Sum or Sums of Money as have been directed under any former Act or Acts to be paid out of the same; and the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum shall from Time to Time be paid and payable quarterly, free and clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, at the Four usual Days of Payment in the Year, that is to say, the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October, in each Year, by even and equal Portions, the first Payment to be made on such of the said Days as shall next happen after such Resignation as aforesaid of the said Office: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in and by the said Letters Patent, if He or They shall think fit, to limit the Duration and Payment of any such Annuity to be granted to any Person executing the said Office of Lord High Chancellor, or the Office of Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain, or any Part of such Annuity, to such Periods of Time during the natural Life of such Person in which he shall not execute the said Office of Lord High Chancellor, or the Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain, or any other Office of Profit under His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, so as such Annuity to be granted as aforesaid, together with the Salary and Profits of such other Office, shall together not exceed in the whole the Sum of Five thousand Pounds; any thing contained in any Act or Acts to the contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding.

656

C. 112.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

The Treasury may issue a Warrant directing all Revenues, Debts, Duties, &c. in Scotland belonging to His Majesty, to be placed under the Management of the Commissioners of Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues.

CAP. CXII.

An Act to authorize the Hereditary Land Revenues of the Crown in Scotland being placed under the Management of the Commissioners of the Land Revenues.

[15th August 1832.]

WHEREAS it may hereafter become expedient that the Duties and Powers now performed and exercised and

exercisable by the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer 1 in Scotland over the Hereditary Land Revenues of the Crown

in Scotland should be performed and exercised by and such

Revenues placed under the Management and Control of the ' Commissioners having the Management and Control of the

Hereditary Revenues of the Crown in England and Ireland; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and empowered, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, to order and direct that from and after the Time to be mentioned in such Warrant all and every the Revenues, Debts, Duties, and Profits, of what Nature or Kind soever, anyways appertaining or which hereafter shall appertain to the King's Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, within Scotland, and all Honors, Castles, Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Scotland, which now do or hereafter shall appertain to the King's Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, by force or virtue of any Attainder, Outlawry, Seizure for any Crime, or Cause of Forfeiture, Debt, or Duty, or upon any Extent, Commission, or otherwise, or by force and virtue of the Royal Prerogative, or by any other Right or Title whatsoever, and all and every the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof or of any of them, and also all and every the Goods, Chattels, Debts, Credits, Rights, Titles, and Personal Estates within Scotland anyways accruing or belonging or which hereafter shall belong to the King's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by force or virtue of the Royal Prerogative, or of any Attainder, Outlawry, Extent, Inquisition, Debt, Duty, or Forfeiture, or by any other Right, Title, Ways, or Means whatsoever, and all the Remedies and Means for recovering the same or the Possession thereof, and all Accounts relating thereto, and also all and every Forfeitures and Penalties which have been incurred or shall or may incur or become anyways due and payable in Scotland by force or virtue of any penal or other Laws or Statutes whatsoever, and also all Fines, Issues, Forfeitures, or Penalties, of what Nature or Kind soever, happening, arising, or accruing to the King's Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, within Scotland, save and except such as are now under the Management of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs and Excise respectively, shall be under the Management, Control, and Direction of the

Commis-

G. 112, 113.

657

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings in England and Ireland, and their Successors, acting under or by virtue of an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Management and Improvement of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks, and Chases; of the Land Revenue of the Crown within the Survey of the Exchequer in England; and of the Land Revenue of the Crown in Ireland; and for extending certain Provisions relating to the same to the Isles of Man and Alderney; and of another Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for uniting the Office of the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Works and Public Buildings with the Office of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and for other Purposes relating to the Land Revenues; and from and after the Time to be mentioned in such Warrant as aforesaid the Duties heretofore performed, and the Powers heretofore exercised or exercisable, by the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland, in and about the Management and Control of such Hereditaments and Revenues respectively, shall be performed and exercised by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, and their Successors; and all Acts, Deeds, Bonds, Contracts, Agreements, and other Instruments relating to such Hereditaments and Revenues respectively, in which the said Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland are named or mentioned, shall apply to the Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, as if such Commissioners had been originally named in and made Parties to such Acts, Deeds, Bonds, Contracts, Agreements, and other Instruments, instead of the Barons of the Exchequer aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Time to be mentioned in such Warrant as aforesaid all the Accounts relating to such Hereditaments and Possessions as aforesaid, heretofore examined, tried, and audited by the said Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, shall be examined, tried, and audited in like Manner as the Accounts relating to the Land Revenue of the Crown in England are in and by the said Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as aforesaid directed to be examined, tried, and audited.

CAP. CXIII.

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four, Compositions for the Assessed Taxes, and to grant Relief in certain Cases.

[15th August 1832.]

WHEREAS the Duties of Compositions for Assessed Taxes now in force will expire on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three, and it is expedient to ' continue such Compositions for a further Term of One Year, 4 to expire on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred 2 & 3 Gul. 4. U u 4 and

10 G. 4. c. 50.

2W.4.

Accounts relating to such Revenues to be then transferred to the said Commissioners.

1&2 W. 4. c. 7.

658

C. 113.

3° & 8° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Compositions extended for a further Terra of One Year ending 5th April 1834;

except in Cases where Parties shall give Notice to determine the same on the 5th April 1833.

Extending the Exemption granted by the Acts of 57 G. 3. and 5 G. 4. to Persons in Trade in respect of the Window Duties on Houses used solely for Trade.

and thirty-four; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Duties payable under every Contract of Composition for the Duties of Assessed Taxes, and every Contract and Composition respectively now in force, shall be and are hereby respectively continued to His Majesty, to the like annual Amounts now payable, for a further Term of One Year, computed from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three, and to determine on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four, to all Intents and under the same Rules and Privileges as if such Compositions did not by the Laws now in force expire before the last-mentioned Day; and all the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts passed relating to and for continuing the Duties of Compositions, and Contracts for collecting the same half-yearly, and for enforcing Payment thereof, shall be extended and applied to the Compositions and Contracts continued under this Act, to all Intents as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall not extend to any Person who shall be desirous of determining his or her Composition on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three, and who shall on or before the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two give Notice thereof in Writing to the Assessor or Collector of the Parish or Place, or to the Surveyor acting in the Execution of the Acts relating to the Duties of Assessed Taxes for the District in which such Composition shall be payable.

III. And whereas by Two several Acts, passed in the Fiftyseventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third and the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, Provision is made for granting Exemptions from the Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, and upon Inhabited Houses, to Persons in respect of Tenements or Buildings wholly occupied by them in the Daytime only for the Purposes of their Trades or Professions, where such Persons also reside in a separate and distinct Dwelling House or Part of a Dwelling House charged to the said Duties: And whereas the Exemption under the Provisions of the said Acts cannot be acquired and granted for a lesser Period than the whole Year's Assessment; and it is expedient to apply the said Exemptions to Occupiers for Parts of the same Year in the Cases of Changes of Occupation herein mentioned be it further enacted, That where any Person or Persons in the said Acts or either of them described shall have occupied a Tenement or Building, or Part of a Tenement or Building, for the Uses and Purposes allowed by the said Exemptions in the said Acts contained, for a lesser Period than the Year of Assessment, and for and during any intire Quarter or Quarters only thereof, it shall be lawful for the respective Commissioners, on the Exemption for such intire Quarter or Quarters being duly claimed, by a Notice and Declaration in the Manner required by the said Acts for claiming Exemptions for the Year of Assessment, to discharge

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 113.

659

the Assessment for the intire Quarter or Quarters of the Year for which the said Exemption shall be claimed and established: Provided always, that no such Claim shall be allowed to any Person under this Act who shall occupy the same Premises as a Dwelling House, and as a Tenement or Building for the Purposes of Exemption, at different Periods during One Year of Assessment, nor unless the Occupier or Occupiers quitting or the Occupier or Occupiers commencing the Occupation of the Premises in the Manner allowed by the said Exemptions, and who shall seek the Benefit of this Provision, shall, before the quitting or Commencement of Occupation respectively, give Notice thereof to the Assessor or Surveyor in the Manner required by the Acts in force for authorizing Allowances for Parts of the Year on Changes of Occupation.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, where any Livery Stable Keeper, Horse Dealer, Postmaster, or other Person licensed by the Commissioners of Stamps, or any Person under their Authority, to let Post Horses or Carriages for Hire or Profit, shall by reason of their respectively retaining or employing any Servant or Servants in the Capacities of Groom, Stable Boy, or Helper in the Stables, solely and bona fide in their respective Trades or Businesses, become chargeable with the progressive Duties on such Male Servants payable under Schedule (C.) Number 1. of an Act passed in the Fifty-second Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty certain new and additional Duties of Assessed Taxes, and for consolidating the same with the former Duties of Assessed Taxes, such Persons respectively shall in lieu of the said Duties be assessed and charged under the said Schedule (C.) Number 1., and Rules thereof, with no more than the Duty of One Pound Five Shillings for each such Male Servant so employed, to all Intents as if such Servants were chargeable under Schedule (C.) Number 4of the said Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That in regard to Assessments to be made for any Year commencing from or after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, the Duties payable by Schedule (C.) Number 3. of the said Act passed in the Fifty-second Year aforesaid, on Male Persons employed as Shopmen, Warehousemen, or Porters, shall not be paid for any Male Person so employed who shall be under the Age of Fifteen Years, and who shall not be wholly maintained and lodged in the House of his Employer or Employers; provided that every such Male Person shall be duly returned, and the Exemption truly stated and claimed by the Employer or Employers, as required by the Acts in force for granting Exemptions.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, the Duties now payable under the said Act passed in the Fifty-second Year aforesaid, in respect of Overseers or Managers, or Clerks under Overseers or Managers, shall not be charged for or in respect of any Person by reason of his Employment under the Superintendence and Authority of One or more Manager or Managers, or One or more Clerk or Clerks, in the overlooking

Exception.

Relief for Postmasters, &c. who by employing certain Servants become chargeable with the progressive Duties payable under Schedule (C.) No. 1. of 52 G. 3. c. 93.

Relief from Assessments on Male Persons employed as Shopmen if under 15 Years of Age.

Exemption as to certain Overseers or Managers of Manufactories, &c.

C. 118.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 18S2.

From 5th April 1832 the Duties payable under Schedule (D.) of the Act of 52 G. 3. shall cease.

Proviso for Recovery of Penalties.

The Exemption from the Duties on Horses in Schedules (E.) and (F.) of the Act of 52 G. 3. extended to all Persons in any Part of Great Britain keeping Hackney Carriages.

and checking of Workmen or Labourers in the Performance of the Work and Labour allotted to them in any Building or Buildings being wholly a Place of Manufacture of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, (separate and distinct from any Shop or Warehouse in which any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall be exposed to Sale or sold,) where the Employer or Employers liable to the Duties under the Acts in force shall be assessed for the Duty for One Overseer or Manager at the least, and also for One Clerk at the least, who shall be wholly employed at such Manufactory; provided that every Person to whom the Exemption hereby granted shall extend shall be annually returned by the Employer or Employers to the Assessor of the Parish or Place, and Exemption duly claimed for the same, in like Manner as in other Cases of Exemption under the several Acts now in force.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, for and in respect of all Assessments made or to be made in Great Britain for any Year or Years to commence from or after that Day, the several and respective Duties of Assessed Taxes now payable under Schedule (D.) of the said Act passed in the Fifty-second Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, for every Coach, Diligence, Caravan, or Chaise with Four Wheels or more, or with less than Four Wheels respectively, or other Carriage with Four Wheels or more, or less than Four Wheels respectively, by whatever Name the same shall be called or known, which shall be kept and employed as a Public Stage Coach or Carriage for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire to and from different Places, and which shall be duly entered or licensed as such with the Commissioners of Stamp Duties, shall severally cease and determine: Provided always, that the Powers of the several Acts relating to the said Duties shall remain in force and be executed for assessing, charging, collecting, and enforcing Payment of any of the said Duties due or payable to His Majesty, or which are now chargeable for any Year or Years commencing previous to the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, and for the Recovery of any Penalty or Penalties relating to the said last-mentioned Duties, to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not been passed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Exemption from the Duties on Horses, Mares, or Geldings, described or contained in Schedules (E.) and (F.) respectively of the said Act passed in the Fifty-second Year aforesaid, for and in respect of Horses, Mares, or Geldings kept by any Person licensed by the Commissioners for Hackney Coaches within the Cities of London and Westminster and the Suburbs thereof, for the Purpose of drawing such Coach, shall, on all Assessments made or to be made for any Year commencing from or after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, be extended and applied to every Person or Persons licensed by the Commissioners of Stamps, or by any Person authorized by them, in any Part of Great Britain, under any Act or Acts in force, to keep any Hackney Coach or other Carriage to be used as or in the Nature

of

A.D. 1832.

661

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. c. 113, 114.

of a Hackney Coach, for or in respect of any Horses, Mares, or Geldings kept and solely used for the Purpose of drawing any such Carriage respectively, in the Manner allowed by the Stamp Office Licence or Authority, but not otherwise.

IX. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether Gamekeepers Gamekeepers

appointed by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, appointed by the

Forests, and Land Revenues, or by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Build- °ot Pliable ' ings, on behalf of His Majesty, are chargeable to the Duty to the Duty on ' on Game Certificates imposed by the said recited Act of the Game Cer- Fifty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George tificates.

the Third; be it therefore enacted, That no Person or Persons

appointed or to be appointed a Gamekeeper or Gamekeepers, on

behalf of His Majesty, by the Commissioners of His Majesty's

Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, under or

by virtue of the Authority of an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled

An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Manage- 10 G. 4. c. 50.

ment and Improvement of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks, and

Chases; of the Land Revenue of the Crown within the Survey of the Exchequer in England; and of the Land Revenue of the Crown

in Ireland; and for extending certain Provisions relating to the same

to the Isles of Man and Alderney, or under or by virtue of the Authority of any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to

the Land Revenues of the Crown, shall be subject or liable to

the Game Certificate Duty imposed by the said recited Act of the

Fifty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George

the Third, or to be imposed by any future Act or Acts, unless

such Person or Persons shall be specially subjected thereto in

and by such future Act or Acts.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, Act may be altered, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this altered present Session of Parliament.

CAP. CXIV.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to Bankrupts.

[15th August 1832.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the ' Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the 6 G. 4. c. 1G.

Laws relating to Bankrupts, it is among other things enacted,

that the Lord Chancellor may, upon Petition, direct any Depositions, Proceedings, or other Matter relating to Commissions i of Bankruptcy to be entered of Record by a proper Person, to

be appointed by the Lord Chancellor for that Purpose, or by

his Deputy: And whereas the said Act contains no sufficient ' Provision for making such Depositions or Office Copies of the

Record thereof Evidence, and is in other respects defective:

And whereas by an Act passed in the First and Second Years

of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to establish 1 & 2 W.4. c. 56. ' a Court of Bankruptcy, it is amongst other things enacted, that ' every Fiat prosecuted in the said Court of Bankruptcy shall be 1 filed and entered of Record in the said Court: And whereas

662

C. 114.

2° &3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Providing for the Custody of Records under former Commissions of Bankrupt.

the said last-mentioned Act contains no Provision for the entering of Record in the said Court Fiats prosecuted elsewhere, and the Depositions and Proceedings under such Fiats, or for the Proof thereof: And whereas it is expedient that the Record of all Matters in Bankruptcy should be under the same Custody; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Records of all Commissions of Bankrupt, and of all Proceedings under the same, which may have been heretofore entered of Record pursuant to or under colour of the said first-recited Act or any other Act, shall be removed into the said Court of Bankruptcy, and shall be kept as Records of the said Court in such Place as the Judges of the said Court shall from Time to Time direct; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Judges of the Court of Bankruptcy to nominate the Person heretofore appointed by the Lord Chancellor to enter such Proceedings of Record, or, in case of his Refusal to accept such Office, some other fit and proper Person, as the Clerk of Enrolment to the said Court, at such Salary, to be paid out of the Fees herein-after mentioned, as the Lord Chancellor shall by Writing under his Hand direct; and that such Clerk of the Enrolments and his Successors (to be appointed in like Manner, at the like Salary,) shall have the Care and Custody of all the said Records so removed as aforesaid, and shall in like Manner enter of Record all Matters and Proceedings in Bankruptcy which by this Act or by the said recited Acts, or by any Order made in pursuance thereof, are or may be directed to be entered of Record, upon Payment of the Fees herein-after mentioned.

II. Provided always, and be it declared and enacted, That all Commissions of Bankruptcy issued before the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twenty-five, and all Depositions and other Proceedings relating to such Commissions, directed to be inrolled, and actually entered of Record upon or since that Day, shall be deemed and taken to have been well and effectually entered of Record.

III. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That the Certificate of such Entry, purporting to be signed by the Person appointed to enter such Proceedings, or by his Deputy, shall have the same Effect as if such Commission had been issued after the said First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twenty-five, and shall be received in Evidence without Proof of the Appointment or Handwriting of such Person.

IV. And be it enacted, That any One of the Judges of the Court of Bankruptcy shall have full Power and Authority, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, to direct such Officer to enter upon the Records of the Court any Commission of Bankrupt at any Time heretofore issued, and the Depositions and Proceedings had and taken under the same, or such Part or

Certain Matters Parts thereof as such Judge shall think fit: Provided always, may be entered that ft shall and may be lawful for such Officer to enter of ^ecor^ the several Matters directed by the said recited Acts or either of them to be entered of Record, upon the Application

8 . of

Matters inrolled before Sept. 1825 deemed to be effectually entered of Record.

Certificate of such Entry to have the same Effect as if Commission had been issued before Sept. 1825.

Judges may order Commissions to be entered on Record.

A.D. 1832. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 114.

663

of or on behalf of any Party interested therein, without any special Order for that Purpose.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Fiats already issued or Fiats to be en-hereafter to be issued in lieu of Commissions of Bankrupt to be tered of Record, prosecuted elsewhere than in the said Court of Bankruptcy, and °J Application all Adjudications of Bankruptcy by the Persons named in such interested Fiats to act as Commissioners, and all Appointments of Assignees,

and Certificates of Conformity, made and allowed under such Fiats, may and shall be entered of Record in the said Court of Bankruptcy, upon the Application of or on behalf of any Party interested therein, on the Payment of the Fees hereafter mentioned, without any Petition in Writing presented for that Purpose; and that any One of the Judges of the said Court may, upon Petition, direct any Deposition or other Proceeding under such Fiat to be entered of Record as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That there may and shall be Fee for Entry paid for the Entry of every Commission and Fiat the Fee of Two of Commissions Shillings, and for the Entry of every Certificate of Conformity and F, ats* and of every Assignment the Fee of Six Shillings each, and for the Entry of every Examination such Fee as the Court of Review shall from Time to Time fix and appoint, not exceeding the Rate of One Shilling for every Folio thereof, and for the Entry of every Adjudication of Bankruptcy, Deposition, Appointment of Assignees, and every other Proceeding or Matter relating to Commissions or Fiats, the Fee of Two Shillings each; which Fees shall be paid to the Chief Registrar for the Time being, and shall be applied by him to the Payment of the Expences of such Enrolment and the Salary of such Officer; and the Balance thereof, if any, shall be applied to the Payment of such other Expences attending the said Court of Bankruptcy as the Judges thereof, with the Consent of the Lord Chancellor, shall from Time to Time direct.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in the Event of the Provision in Death of any of the Witnesses deposing to the Petitioning Credi- case of the Death tors Debt, Trading, or Act of Bankruptcy, under any Commis- of Witnesses, sion or Fiat already issued or hereafter to be issued, it shall be lawful for the Assignees appointed under such Commission or Fiat, and for all Persons claiming through or under them, or acting by or under their Authority, in the Cases hereafter mentioned, to produce and read in Evidence, in all Courts of Civil Judicature, and in all Civil Proceedings, in Maintenance and Support of such Commission or Fiat, any Deposition of such deceased Witness relative to such Petitioning Creditor's Debt,

Trading, or Act of Bankruptcy, which shall have been duly entered of Record pursuant to the Provisions of the said recited Acts or of this Act; and the Production or reading of such Depositions, or of any Copy thereof, duly authenticated according to the Provisions of the said recited Acts or of this Act, shall have the same Effect as if the Matters alleged therein had been deposed to by the same Witness in such Court according to the ordinary Course and Practice thereof: Provided always, that the before-mentioned Depositions shall be read in Evidence in such Cases only where the Party using the same shall claim, maintain, or defend some Right, Title, Interest, Claim, or Demand which the

664

C. 114.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

No Fiat to be received in Evidence unless first entered of Record.

Proceedings in Bankruptcy, purporting to be sealed with the Seal of the Court, to be received as Evidence.

Lord Chancellor empowered to direct certain Monies standing to the Credit of the Secretary of Bankrupts Account to be carried to the Secretary of Bankrupts Compensation Account, and vice versa.

the Bankrupt might have claimed, maintained, or defended, in case no Commission of Bankrupt or Fiat had issued, and shall not be read in Evidence in any Action or Proceeding now pending by which the Validity of any Commission or Fiat is or may be brought into question.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Fiat issued or to be issued in lieu of a Commission of Bankrupt, whether prosecuted in the Court of Bankruptcy or elsewhere, nor any Adjudication of Bankruptcy or Appointment of Assignees, or Certificate of Conformity under such Fiat, shall be received in Evidence in any Court of Law or Equity, unless the same shall have been first entered of Record in the Court of Bankruptcy as aforesaid.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That upon the Production in Evidence of any Commission, Fiat, Adjudication, Assignment, Appointment of Assignees, Certificate, Deposition, or other Proceeding in Bankruptcy, purporting to be sealed with the Seal of the said Court of Bankruptcy, or of any Writing purporting to be a Copy of any such Document, and purporting to be sealed as aforesaid, the same shall be received as Evidence of such Documents respectively, and of the same having been so entered of Record as aforesaid, without any further Proof thereof: Provided nevertheless, that all Fiats, and Proceedings under the same, which may have been entered of Record before the passing of this Act, shall and may, upon the Production thereof, with the Certificate thereon, purporting to be signed by the Person so appointed to enter Proceedings in Bankruptcy, or by his Deputy, be received as Evidence of the same having been duly entered of Record, any thing herein contained notwithstanding.

X. And whereas by the said recited Act of the First and

Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty it is amongst

other things enacted, that several Sums therein specified shall be paid into the Bank of England, to the Credit of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to an Account ' to be intituled " The Secretary of Bankrupts Account," and (that all Monies so paid shall be subject to such General Orders for the Purposes therein specified as the Lord Chancellor shall ' prescribe; and it is further enacted, that Compensation shall be made to certain Officers therein named, in lieu of certain ' Fees and Emoluments by the said Act abolished, and that for the Purpose of raising a Fund to meet the said Compensation ' certain Sums in the said Act specified shall be paid into the ' Bank, to the Credit of the said Accountant General, to a sepa-6 rate Account to be intituled " The Secretary of Bankrupts

Compensation AccountAnd whereas the Sums paid in to the 1 Credit of the said first Account are more than sufficient to ' meet the Sums at present payable out of the same, and the i Sums paid in to the Credit of the second-mentioned Account ' are at present insufficient to meet the Payments directed to be

made out of the same, and it may be expedient that Power

should be given to the Lord Chancellor to apply one of those

Funds in aid of the other, from Time to Time as Occasion may ' require; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Chancellor by his Order to direct, from Time

to

A.D. 1832.

665

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. G. 114, 115.

to Time as he may see fit, that the Monies standing to the Credit of the Account intituled " The Secretary of Bankrupts Account," or so much thereof as he may find to be necessary, shall be carried over by the said Accountant General to the Credit of the Account intituled " The Secretary of Bankrupts Compensation Account," and the same when so carried over shall and may be applied in satisfaction of any Sum or Sums charged upon or made payable out of the said last-mentioned Account; and in like Manner to direct, from Time to Time as he may see fit, that the Monies standing to the Credit of the Account intituled " The Secretary of Bankrupts Compensation Account," or so much thereof as he may find to be necessary, shall be carried over by the said Accountant General to the credit of the Account intituled " The Secretary of Bankrupts Account," and the same when so carried over shall and may be applied in satisfaction of any Sum or Sums charged upon or made payable out of the said last-mentioned Account.

CAP. CXV.

An Act for the better securing the Charitable Donations and Bequests of His Majesty's Subjects in Great Britain professing the Roman Catholic Religion.

[15th August 1832.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the First Year of the ' Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act

6 for exempting His Majesty's Protestant Subjects dissenting from the Church of England from the Penalties of certain Laws, and

by certain subsequent Statutes, the Schools and Places for Religious Worship, Education, and Charitable Purposes of

Protestant Dissenters are exempted from the Operation of certain penal and disabling Laws to which they were subject

previously to the passing of the said recited Act of the First i Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary: And whereas by certain Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, and ' particularly by an Act passed in the Year One thousand seven ' hundred, intituled An Act for preventing the Growth of Popery, 1 various Penalties and Disabilities were imposed upon Persons

professing the Roman Catholic Religion in Scotland: And whereas, notwithstanding the Provisions of various Acts passed

for the Relief of His Majesty's Roman Catholic Subjects from disabling Laws, Doubts have been entertained whether it be lawful for His Majesty's Subjects professing the Roman Catholic

Religion in Scotland to acquire and hold in Real Estate the Property necessary for Religious Worship, Education, and Charitable Purposes: And whereas it is expedient to remove all ' Doubts respecting the Right of His Majesty's Subjects professing the Roman Catholic Religion in England and Wales to

acquire and hold Property necessary for Religious Worship, 6 Education, and Charitable Purposes Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act His Majesty's

Subjects

1W.&M.C. 18.

1700. c. 3.

Roman Catholics to be subject to the same Laws as Protestant Dissenters, with respect to

C. 115.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Schools and Places of Worship.

Roman Catholic Schoolmasters, when required to take Oath, to take that prescribed by 10 G. 4. c. 7.

Act not to affect pending Suits.

Nor to repeal Provisions in 10 G. 4. c. 7. for Suppression of certain Religious Societies.

Property held for the Purposes mentioned in this Act, in England and Wales, to be subject to the Provisions of 9 G. 2. c. 36.

Subjects professing the Roman Catholic Religion, in respect to their Schools, Places for Religious Worship, Education, and Charitable Purposes, in Great Britain, and the Property held therewith, and the Persons employed in or about the same, shall in respect thereof be subject to the same Laws as the Protestant Dissenters are subject to in England in respect to their Schools and Places for Religious Worship, Education, and Charitable Purposes, and not further or otherwise.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which Schoolmasters or other Persons employed in such Schools or other Places are, as a legal Qualification for such Employments, now required by Law to take the Oath of Supremacy, or the Oath or Declaration against Transubstantiation and the Invocation of Saints and Sacrifice of the Mass, or to receive the Sacrament of our Lord's Supper, or, in Scotland, to subscribe the Formula annexed to the foresaid Act for preventing the Growth of Popery, any such Schoolmaster, or other Master, professing himself a Roman Catholic, shall, in lieu of the Qualification aforesaid for holding such Employment, take the Oath contained in the Statute passed in the Tenth Year of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for the Relief of His Majesty's Roman Catholic Subjects, and at the Times and in manner in that Act mentioned.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall affect any Suit actually pending or commenced, or any Property now in Litigation, Discussion, or Dispute, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Law or Equity in Great Britain.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be taken to repeal or in any way alter any Provision of an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for the Relief of His Majesty's Roman Catholic Subjects, respecting the Suppression or Prohibition of the Religious Orders or Societies of the Church of Rome bound by Monastic or Religious Vows.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Property to be acquired or held for such Purposes of Religious Worship, Education, and Charitable Purposes, in England and Wales, shall be subject to the Provisions of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act to restrain the Disposition of Lands whereby the same may become unalienable, and to the same Laws as the Protestant Dissenters are subject to in England in respect of the acquiring or holding of such Property: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall be taken to extend the Provisions of the said last-recited Act to that Part of Great Britain called' Scotland.

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV,

C. 116.

667

CAP. CXVI.

An Act to provide for the Salaries of certain High and Judicial Officers, and of Payments heretofore made out of the Civil List Revenues.

[16th August 1832.]

WHEREAS in an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign

* of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Support l W. 4. c. 25. ' tf His Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the

Croum of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, it is recited, that in consequence of His Majesty having been gra-

ciously pleased to signify to His faithful Commons in Parliament assembled, that His Majesty placed without Reserve at their ' Disposal His Majesty's Interest in the Hereditary Revenues,

and in those Funds which may be derived from any Droits of the Crown or Admiralty, from the West India Duties, or from

any casual Revenues, either in His Majesty's Foreign Possessions or in the United Kingdom; and that in surrendering His Majesty's Interest in Revenues which had in former Settlements

of the Civil List been reserved to the Crown, His Majesty rejoiced in the Opportunity of evincing His Majesty's entire

Reliance on their dutiful Attachment, and His Majesty's Confi-

dence that they would cheerfully provide all that might be ' necessary for the Support of the Civil Government, and the

Honour and Dignity of His Majesty's Crown; His Majesty's

most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled,

with Hearts full of the warmest Duty and Gratitude, declare ' their Desire that Provision should be made for the Support of the Civil Government by Charges upon the Consolidated Fund,

and otherwise by other Acts to be passed in the then Session ' of Parliament, and that a certain and competent Revenue for ' defraying the Expences of His Majesty's Household, and sup-

porting the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of the United Kingdom during His Majesty's Life (whom God long preserve),

might be settled upon His Majesty: And whereas by the said ' recited Act the latter Object was effected, but no Act or Acts

have since passed for making the contemplated Provision for the Civil Government Charges previously borne upon the Civil

List Revenues, upon the Hereditary Revenues of Scotland, and ' upon the Four and Half per Centum Duties, over and above i the Charges provided for by the said recited Act; and such

Charges have from Time to Time been provided for by occa-

sional Grants of Parliament until the}' should be charged upon ' the Consolidated Fund, or otherwise provided for according to

the Spirit and Meaning declared in the said recited Act: And whereas it has been deemed expedient that many of the said 1 Charges should be granted from Year to Year upon Estimates ' to be annually prepared for that Purpose: And whereas it is

now deemed expedient to carry into effect the Intentions ' expressed in that Act, by making Provision for other of the ' said Civil Government Charges out of the Consolidated Fund

of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland: Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and

with

C. 116.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Salaries to Judges.

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to grant the several and respective annual Salaries herein-after specified, from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, to the Judges of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster and Dublin, herein-after enumerated; (that is to say,) to the Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench at Westminster, Ten thousand Pounds; to the Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas at Westminster, Eight thousand Pounds; to the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, Seven thousand Pounds; to each of the Puisne Justices of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas and Barons of the Coif of the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, who may have been appointed before the Sixteenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, Five thousand five hundred Pounds; to each of the Puisne Justices and Barons of the said Courts who may have been appointed since the Sixteenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, and to those who may be hereafter appointed, Five thousand Pounds; to the Cursitor Baron of the Exchequer at Westminster, during the Continuance of the existing Interest therein, Two hundred and forty-three Pounds; to the Vice-Chancellor of England, Six thousand Pounds; to the Lord Chancellor of Ireland, Eight thousand Pounds; to the Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench in Dublin, Five thousand and seventy-four Pounds Nine Shillings and Four-pence; to the Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas in Dublin, Four thousand six hundred and twelve Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eight-pence; to the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer in Dublin, Four thousand six hundred and twelve Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eight-pence; to the Second Justice of the Court of King's Bench in Dublin, Three thousand seven hundred and twenty-five Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Four-pence; to each of the other Puisne Justices of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas and Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer in Dublin, Three thousand six hundred and eighty-eight Pounds Twelve Shillings and Four-pence; to the Judge of the Admiralty Court in Ireland, Five hundred Pounds; and all such Salaries shall be payable quarterly, and shall be charged and chargeable upon and paid out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and all such respective Salaries shall be the full Salaries of each of such Judges, and shall be in lieu of all Salaries heretofore payable to such Judges out of the Consolidated Fund or Civil List, or other Fund whatsoever, under any Act or Acts of the Parliament of Great Britain or Ireland or of the United Kingdom, and of all Fees or other Emoluments which heretofore made Part of the Salaries of any of such Judges respectively, save and except as to Fees receivable by the present Cursitor Baron of the Exchequer, who shall be allowed to continue to take and receive all Fees legally demandable by him during the Continuance of his existing Interest in the said Office; any thing contained in any Act or Acts of the Parliament of Great Britain or Ireland or of the

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 116.

669

the United Kingdom, or any Law, Usage, or Custom, relating to any of the Salaries of any of such Judges respectively, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That all such Fees and pecuniary Profits as have heretofore been used and accustomed to be demanded and received by or for the Use of any of the aforesaid Judges (save and except the said Cursitor Baron) , or of the Lord Chancellor of Ireland, shall continue to be demanded and received by the Persons who have heretofore demanded and received the same, and shall be accounted for quarterly, and paid into the Exchequer, and be carried to and make Part of the said Consolidated Fund.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to grant to the Lord Lieutenant General and General Governor of Ireland for the Time being an annual Salary of Twenty thousand Pounds, chargeable upon the said Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to be paid and payable quarterly at the Four most usual Days of Payment in the Year, the first Payment -to commence and take effect from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to charge upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland an annual Sum of Two hundred and three thousand five hundred and ten Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Salaries and Allowances of His Majesty's Diplomatic Servants employed at Foreign Courts, and of the Pensions which have been granted or may hereafter be granted to Persons having served His Majesty at Foreign Courts, the said Charge to take effect and commence from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That until the said Sum of Two hundred and three thousand five hundred and ten Pounds shall be reduced to the Sum of One hundred and eighty thousand Pounds, it shall not be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, to grant in any One Year a larger annual Amount in Pensions for Diplomatic Services than Two thousand Pounds in the whole; and when the actual Charge shall be reduced to the Sum of One hundred and eighty thousand Pounds it shall not be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to charge upon the said Consolidated Fund for any One Year a larger Amount to defray the Charges of Diplomatic Salaries, Allowances, and Pensions than One hundred and eighty thousand Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no new Diplomatic Pension which may hereafter be granted under the Authority of this Act shall exceed One thousand seven hundred Pounds per Annum to any One Person for the First Class, One thousand three hundred Pounds per Annum to any One Person for the Second Class, Nine hundred Pounds per Annum to any One Person for the Third Class, and Seven hundred Pounds per Annum to any One Person for the Fourth Class; and that such Pensions shall only

be

Fees, &c. heretofore received by Judges and Lord Chancellor of Ireland to be paid into the Exchequer.

Salary to Lord Lieutenant of Ireland.

Diplomatic Salaries and Pensions.

Restriction on Amount of Grants of Pensions.

Limitation of

Diplomatic

Pensions.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV.

Forfeiture or Abatement of Pension in certain Cases.

Account of Pensions to be laid before Parliament.

Providing for the late Civil List Pensions.

Such Pensions to be granted only to those Persons who were charged on the Civil List, &c.

C. 116.

A.D. 1832.

be so granted under the following Regulations and Restrictions; (that is to say,)

First, That no Diplomatic Pension whatever shall be granted to any Person until the Expiration of Fifteen Years from the Date of his First Commission, nor unless he shall have actually served Ten Years:

Second, That no Person shall be qualified to receive a Pension of the First Class unless he shall have actually resided Three Years as Ambassador at some Foreign Court:

Third, That no Person shall be qualified to receive a Pension of the Second Class who shall not have actually resided Five Years as an Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary at some Foreign Court:

Fourth, That no Person shall be qualified to receive a Pension of the Third Class who shall not have actually resided Five Years as Minister Plenipotentiary or Minister resident at some Foreign Court:

Fifth, That Pensions in the remaining Class shall not exceed Seven hundred Pounds per Annum, under the same Conditions as to Time of Residence.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Diplomatic Pensions shall be subject to Forfeiture in case of Refusal of the Person holding the same to proceed to any Mission of equal or higher Rank than that in respect of which such Pension may have been granted, and of Suspension or Abatement in any Case in which the Person holding the same may be appointed to any Office of Profit under the Crown.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That an Account of all Payments which may be made for Diplomatic Salaries, Allowances, and Pensions shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March in every Year.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to direct the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole Eighty-five thousand one hundred and twenty-nine Pounds per Annum, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to defray the Charge, during the Pleasure of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, of those Pensions which, prior to the Accession of His Majesty, were charged upon the Civil List payable in England and in Ireland, upon the Hereditary Revenues of Scotland, and the Four and a Half per Centum Duties, and for which no Provision was made in the Civil List granted to His Majesty by the Act for the Support of His Majesty's Household, and for the Honour and Dignity of the Crown; the said Charge to commence and take effect from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

X. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That such Pensions shall be granted only to or on behalf of those Persons who were in the Receipt and Enjoyment of, or were beneficially interested in, a Pension of corresponding Amount upon the Civil List in England or in Ireland, the Hereditary Revenues of Scotland, or the Four and a Half per Centum Duties, prior to the Accession of His Majesty; and that such of the said

Pensions

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 116.

671

Pensions and of the Salaries and Allowances herein-aflter mentioned as have heretofore been paid out of the Hereditary Revenues of Scotland, and out of the Four and a Half per Centum Duties, shall, after His Majesty's Life, (which God long preserve,) and in the Event of His Majesty's Heirs and Successors resuming the Rights of the Crown in the said Hereditary Revenues of Scotland, and the Four and a Half per Centum Duties, and receiving the same, then cease to be a Charge on the said Consolidated Fund.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to charge upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole Twenty thousand three hundred and nine Pounds per Annum, to pay Salaries and Allowances which prior to the Accession of His Majesty were chargeable on the Civil List Revenues in England and Ireland, and on the Hereditary Revenues in Scotland, and for which no Provision has been made by the Act for the Support of His Majesty's Household, and for the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, the said Charge to commence and take effect from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the several Salaries, Allowances, And Pensions granted or to be granted under the Authority of this Act shall be paid net, and free and clear of all Taxes or Charges, for or in respect of any Land Tax, or of any Pension or other Duty, Rate, or Charge whatever, and clear and discharged of all Fees or Payments whatever to which any such Salaries, Allowances, or Pensions may have been heretofore, or may be by any Act or Acts of Parliament, or Law or Laws, or any ancient Usage or Custom, subject or liable; and that all such Salaries, Allowances, and Pensions shall be paid and payable quarterly at the Four most usual Days of Payment in the Year, together with a rateable Proportion of the Quarter current at the Death or Resignation of any of the Persons in the Receipt of such Salaries, Allowances, and Pensions.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct Debentures to be made forth and passed by the proper Officers at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, from Time to Time, for paying the said several Salaries, Pensions, or Sums of Money, in manner as aforesaid, and as the same shall from Time to Time become due and payable, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; which said Warrants, and Debentures to be made forth and passed thereon respectively, shall be sufficient Authority to the several respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the Time being, for the Payment of all such Salaries, Pensions, or Sums of Money, at the respective Days to be appointed for such Payments, without any further or other Warrants to be sued for, had, or obtained in that Behalf.

Salaries of Officers formerly paid out of Civil List.

Salaries, &c to be free of all Fees and Taxes.

The Treasury may by Warrant direct the Auditor of the Exchequer to pass Debentures for Payment of the Salaries, Pensions, &c.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 182.

Paying up Salaries from 5th April 1832.

Repeal of G. 4. as to Salary of Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland.

Governors in Council em-

C. 116, 117.

XIV. And whereas no Provision has been made for defraying ' the Charge of that Part of the Salaries of the several Judges

enumerated in this Act, formerly charged upon the Civil List

in England and in Ireland, nor for any of the other Salaries, i Allowances, and Pensions to be granted under the Authority ' of this Act, for any Period subsequent to the Fifth Day of

April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, after the passing of this Act, and previously to the making up of the Consolidated Fund for the Quarter then next ensuing, to direct and cause to be issued, out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund, such Issues and Payments as may be necessary to defray the Charge of all such Salaries, Allowances, and Pensions from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two to the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

XV. And whereas by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled ' An Act to regulate the Proceedings as to sealing of Writs in the ' Court of Exchequer in Ireland, it was enacted, that from and ' after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and e twenty-five there should be issued and paid to the Chancellor

of the Exchequer of Ireland, from Time to Time, for the Time being, and during the Continuance of any and every such ' Chancellor of the Exchequer in his said Office, as a Compensa-

tion for the Loss which would be sustained by such Chancellor ' of the said Exchequer by reason of the said Act, the Sum of ' Six hundred Pounds British Currency, yearly and every Year,

out of and charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund

of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland: And whereas the Salary of the Chancellor of the Exchequer for the

Time being is now otherwise provided for; be it therefore enacted, That the said Act, so far as the same relates to any Payment to be made to the Chancellor of the Exchequer for the Time being, in compensation for Fees, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

CAP. CXVII.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Appointment of Justices of the Peace, and of Juries, in the East Indies.

[16th August 1832.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that other Persons besides the

* covenacted Servants of the United Company of Merchants 6 of England trading to the East Indies, or other British Inhabitants of the East Indies, should be capable of being appointed ' to the Office of Justice of the Peace within and for the Towns ' of Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in the Manner prescribed by Law for the Nomination and Appointment of Persons now eligible to the Office of Justice

6 of

I

A.D. 1832.

2 & 3° GULIELMI IV;

C. 117, 118.

673

of the Peace in the Territories in the Possession and under the powered to

Government of the said Company, and subject, except as to the authorize any

taking of any Oaths, to the other Provisions of the Law which Persons to act

relate to the said Office, it shall and may be lawful for the Gover- ot

nor General in Council of Fort William in Bengal, the Governor

in Council of Fort Saint George, and the Governor in Council of

Bombay, respectively for the Time being, to nominate and appoint,

in the Name of the King's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors,

any Persons resident within the Territories aforesaid, and not

being the Subjects of any Foreign State, whom the said Governor

General in Council and Governors in Council respectively shall think properly qualified, and who will bind themselves by sqph

Oaths or solemn Affirmations as may from Time to Time be

prescribed in that Behalf by the said Governor General in

Council and Governors in Council respectively, to act within and for the Towns of Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay respectively, as

Justices of the Peace; and the Persons so to be nominated and

appointed to act as Justices of the Peace within and for the

Towns aforesaid shall have full Power and Authority to act as

such Justices of the Peace, but according only to the Tenor of the respective Commissions wherein such Persons shall be so

nominated and appointed.

II. And whereas by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of 7G.4. c. 37.s.s. 4 the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled repealed a# to An Act to regulate the Appointment of Juries in the East Indies,

6 it is amongst other things provided and enacted, that the Grand tians#

4 Juries in all Cases, and all Juries for the Trial of Persons ' professing the Christian Religion, shall consist wholly of Persons professing the Christian Religion: And whereas it is expedient to repeal such Enactment be it therefore enacted, That from and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two the said recited Provision and Enactment shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

CAP. CXVIII.

An Act to restrain for Five Years, in certain Cases, Party Processions in Ireland.

[16th August 1832.]

WHEREAS great Numbers of Persons belonging to different

" religious Denominations, and distinguished respectively by various Emblems expressive of party Feelings and Differences, are in the Practice of meeting and marching in Procession in. Ireland, upon certain Festivals and Anniversaries and ' other Occasions, and such Processions are calculated to create and perpetuate Animosities, and have been found to occasion ' frequent and sanguinary Conflicts between different Classes of His Majesty's Subjectsfor Prevention whereof, and in order to guard against the Recurrence of the Tumults, Riots, and Disorders arising out of such Processions, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the proces_ same, That from and after the Commencement of this Act any sions shall be \2&3 Gul. IV. Xx Body unlawful.

674

C. 118.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Justices to disperse such Assemblies or Processions.

Persons refusing to disperse to be apprehended and punished.

Extension and Duration of this Act.

Body of Persons who shall meet and parade together, or join in Procession, for the Purpose of celebrating or commemorating any Festival, Anniversary, or political Event relating to or connected with any religious or other Distinctions or Differences between any Classes of His Majesty's Subjects, or of demonstrating any such religious or other Distinction or Difference, and who shall bear, wear, or have amongst them any Fire-arms or other offensive Weapons, or any Banner, Emblem, Flag, or Symbol the Display whereof may be calculated or tend to provoke Animosity between His Majesty's Subjects of different religious Persuasions, or who shall be accompanied by any Music of a like Nature or Tendency, shall be and be deemed an unlawful Assembly, and every Person present thereat shall be and be deemed to be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall upon Conviction thereof be liable to be punished accordingly.

II. And be it enacted, That any Justice or Justices of the Peace shall and may proceed, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to the Place where any Procession or Meeting of Persons hereby declared to be unlawful shall be held or take place, and such Justice or One of such Justices, or some other Person by their or his Order, shall then and there read or repeat aloud to the Persons so assembled a Command or Notice to disperse in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

4 r)UR Sovereign Lord the King chargeth and commandeth all Persons being here assembled immediately to disperse themselves, and peaceably to depart, upon the Pains contained in the Act made in the Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth, to restrain, in certain Cases, Party Processions in Ireland. '

III. And be it enacted, That the Persons so met and assembled together shall forthwith disperse and depart; and in case any One or more of the Persons so met or assembled together as aforesaid shall not disperse and depart within the Space of One Quarter of an Hour from the Time of such Notice or Command being given, it shall be lawful for the same Justice or Justices who shall have read such Command or Notice, or any other Justice or Justices of the Peace, to cause the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to disperse or depart to be apprehended, by a Warrant for that Purpose, to be signed by him or them; and such Offender or Offenders shall thereupon be proceeded against in a summary Way for such Offence before any Two Justices of the Peace before whom he or they may be brought; and such Justices are hereby authorized to hear and determine the said Complaint; and every Person, being convicted thereof on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall be committed to any One of His Majesty's Common Gaols or Prisons in Ireland for the Term of One Calendar Month, and for a Second or any subsequent Offence against the Provisions of this Act for the Term of Three Calendar Months.

IV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall extend only to that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland^ and to be and continue and remain in force for Five Years from the passing thereof, and thenceforth until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C.I1&

675

CAP. CXIX.

An Act to amend Three Acts passed respectively in the Fourth, Fifth, and in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, providing for the establishing of Compositions for Tithes in Ireland; and to make such Compositions permanent.

[16th August 1832.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth,

intituled An Act to provide for the establishing of Compositions fen' 4 Tithes in Ireland for a limited Time, which Act was afterwards amended by another Act passed in the Fifth Year of the same Reign, and both which said Acts were afterwards amended by an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the same Reign, Provision was made for the authorizing Compositions to be made for Tithes in Ireland in those Parishes wherein the Parishioners qualified as in the said Act mentioned, together with the Ecclesiastical Incumbents or other Persons entitled to Tithes therein, should mutually consent and agree to establish ' such Compositions: And whereas it is expedient that a fixed and permanent Composition in lieu of Tithes should, with a'view to the future Commutation thereof, be generally established throughout that Portion of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and that for such Purpose the Enactments of the said recited Acts should be in some respects modified, and Provision made to give Effect to the same in Cases where they might fail of Operation through the Default or Disagreement of the Parties to whom the Option of proceeding thereunder is by the said Acts given Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Amount of any and every Composition to be at any Time after the passing of this Act established in lieu of Tithes or any Portion of Tithes in any Parish in Ireland shall be calculated upon an Average of all the Sums paid or agreed for or adjudged to be paid on account of the Tithes of the Parish to which such Composition shall relate during the Seven successive Years next preceding the First of November One thousand eight hundred and thirty, any thing in the said recited Acts directing the Amount of Compositions for Tithes to be calculated upon an Average of the Sums paid or agreed for or adjudged to be paid during the Seven successive Years next preceding the First Day of November in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-one to the contrary hereof notwithstanding; and the Certificates stating the Average Prices of Corn shall refer to such Seven successive Years preceding the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirty accordingly.

II. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act so much and such Parts of the said recited Acts as make the Assent, Consent, or Approbation of any Archbishop, Bishop, Patron, or Sequestrator necessary to give Validity to the Ap-

X x 2 pointment

4 G. 4. c. 99.

5 G. 4. c. 63. 7 & 8 G.4. c. 60.

All future Compositions shall be calculated on Average of Seven Years preceding 1st Nov. 1830.

So much of recited Acts as requires Consent of Patron, &c. to Appointment of Corn-

676

C. 119.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

missioner, &c* repealed.

In Parishes where Composition shall not have been made within Three Months, Lord Lieutenant may nominate a Commissioner, who shall fix the Amount of Composition, and have same Power as Commissioners under recited Acts.

In case Commissioner shall die. &c. a new Commissioner shall be in like Manner appointed.

pointment of any Commissioner under the said recited Acts, or to any Act of such Commissioners in execution of their Duty thereunder, shall be and such Parts of the said Acts are hereby repealed accordingly; and all such Appointments and Acts shall be good, valid, and effectual without such Assent, Consent, or Approbation, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Assent, Consent, or Approbation had not been mentioned in such Acts.

III. And be it enacted, That in and for every Parish or Parts of a Parish in Ireland wherein a Composition for the Tithes thereof shall not have beien made under the said recited Acts with the several Persons entitled to Tithe therein within Three Months after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, when and as he or they shall so think fit, to nominate some Person to be a Commissioner for carrying the said recited Acts and this Act into execution within such Parish, and such Person shall be entitled to and receive such and the same Payment or Remuneration for the Performance of his Duty under this Act as any Commissioner or Umpire appointed under the Provisions of the said recited Acts, and such Person shall be qualified in respect of Property to such. Amount and in like Manner as it is by the said recited Acts required that the Commissioners appointed in the Manner therein mentioned shall be qualified; and such Person shall not be Owner or Proprietor of any Tithes or Composition for Tithes, nor Owner or Occupier of any Lands subject to the Payment of any Tithes or Composition for Tithes, in the Parish or Place for which such Person shall be so appointed to be Commissioner; and every Person so appointed to be such Commissioner shall take and subscribe such Oath for the Performance of his Duty as such Commissioner, and also such Oath of Qualification in respect of Property, as are required to be taken and subscribed by any Commissioner appointed under the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of His late Majesty, inserting in such Oaths the Title of this Act after the Title of the said recited Act; and every Person so appointed such Commissioner shall proceed to ascertain and fix the Amount of the yearly Sum of Money to be paid to the Incumbent or other Person or Persons, or Body Politic or Collegiate, or Corporation, entitled to any Tithes, rectorial or vicarial, praedial, personal, or mixed, in the Parish in and for which such Commissioner shall be so appointed, and shall for that Purpose have and use all such Powers and Authorities as are by the said recited Acts and this Act given to any Two Commissioners appointed under the Provisions of the said Acts, and as such Two Commissioners, or either of them, if appointed in the Manner prescribed by the said recited Acts, might have used and exercised for that Purpose.

IV. And be it enacted, That if any Commissioner appointed in manner aforesaid shall die, or shall neglect or refuse to act, or become incapable of acting, then and in every such Case a new Commissioner shall be in like Manner appointed, who shall be in like Manner qualified, and take the like Oaths, and in all respects have the like Powers and Authorities as the Commissioner in whose Room he shall be appointed: Provided nevertheless, that

677

in case any Commissioner so ceasing to act shall have entered upon the Execution of his Duty under this Act, it shall not be necessary for any Commissioner who may be subsequently appointed in his Room to commence de novo any Proceeding by such former Commissioner in part performed or executed, but that all the Acts of such former Commissioner shall be and remain alike valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if he had continued to act as such Commissioner.

V. And be it enacted, That all Enactments and Provisions in the said recited Acts relating to the Compositions established by any Two Commissioners appointed in manner therein mentioned shall extend and be applicable to every Composition to be established by any sole Commissioner appointed by the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors under Authority of this Act as if such Enactments and Provisions were herein recited and inserted, save and except as respects the Appointment of an Umpire, or as the said Enactments or Provisions may be otherwise repugnant or inapplicable; and the Expences attendant upon the Establishment of any Composition by a sole Commissioner appointed hereunder, as aforesaid, shall be defrayed in like Manner as the Expences attendant upon establishing Compositions by Two Commissioners appointed under the said recited Acts; provided that a Moiety of the Payment or Remuneration of such sole Commissioner shall be paid and defrayed out of the Amount of Composition payable to the Incumbent, Impropriator, or other Person or Persons entitled thereto; and all Powers and Authorities by the said recited Acts provided for the Advance out of the Produce of the Consolidated Fund of any Monies for defraying such Expences as aforesaid, and for enforcing the Repayment of the Money so advanced, shall apply and extend, subject to the like Regulations and Limitations as established by the said recited Acts, to authorize the Advance of Money for the Purposes of this Act, and to enforce the Repayment thereof, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Powers and Authorities were herein specifically mentioned and set forth.

VI. And be it enacted, That all Compositions heretofore or which majr hereafter be made and established in any Parish shall, any thing in the said recited Acts contained limiting the Duration of such Compositions to the Term of Twenty-one Years to the contrary notwithstanding, remain and endure for ever, or until the same shall be redeemed or extinguished in such Manner as Parliament may hereafter prescribe and appoint, but subject nevertheless to such Variation from Time to Time for ever hereafter in the Amount of such Compositions as hereafter mentioned; that is to say, in respect of all Compositions heretofore made and ^established, to Variation at such Periods as such Compositions may now be respectively liable to; and in respect of such Compositions as may be invariable during the whole Period of Twenty*-one Years for which they may have been made, to Variation at the Termination of such Period, and thenceforth at any Time between the First of May and First of November in each succeeding Seventh Year; and in respect of all suqh Compositions hereafter to be established, to Variation between the First of May and First of November in each Seventh Year next after the Day from

X x 3 which

Acts of former Commissioner good.

Enactments of recited Acts to be applicable to Compositions made by sole Commissioner under this Act; and Expences of such Compositions to be provided for as under recited Act.

All Compositions, although limited, to 21 Years by former Acts, shall endure for ever, or until redeemed or extinguished.

Variations to which such Compositions shall be subject.

678

C. 119.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

In Cases where Application might have been made for Variation in the Year 1831, and was not made, such an Application may be made this Year.

Allowing an Appeal against Compositions established by Agreement, if ignorantly entered into.

which each such Composition shall commence: Provided always, that the Amount of all Compositions heretofore or which may at any Time hereafter be made and established shall, any thing in the said recited Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding, be increased or diminished with reference to the average Price of Corn as advertised in the Dublin Gazette during the Seven Years immediately preceding, and not otherwise, and that such Increase or Diminution shall be applied for and effected in all respects in the same Manner as is prescribed in the said recited Acts, save and except in so far as relates to the Year in which the same is appointed to take place, and also save and except in so far as relates to the Calculation of such Increase or Diminution upon reference to the average Price of Wheat or Oats within the same County.

VII. Provided, and be it enacted, That in all Cases when an Application for the Variation and Increase or Diminution of any Composition might have been made between the First Day of May and the First Day of November in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, and that no such Application was made, it shall and may be lawful to make such Application at any Time after the passing of this Act and before the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two; and such Application may be made by such Persons, and such Proceedings shall be had thereupon, as by the Provisions of the said recited Acts authorized and directed in the Cases of Applications for the like Purpose made within the Periods limited and appointed thereunder: Provided nevertheless, that it shall become again lawful to make Application for such Variation as aforesaid at such Period as would have been lawful in case this Enactment had not been made; and that the same shall not be taken in any respect to change or affect the Period or Series of Years appointed for such Variation, save as herein specifically provided.

VIII. Provided further, and be it enacted, That where the Amount of the Composition established in any Parish shall have been fixed by Agreement, such Amount not having been ascertained by any Commissioners or Umpire pursuant to the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, it shall and may be lawful for any Seven or more Persons in such Parish, qualified in like Manner as Persons authorized to proceed in execution of the said recited Acts at any Special Vestry called in such Parish are by such Acts required to be qualified, at any Time within Three Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, to require the Churchwardens of such Parish to summon a Special Vestry for the Purpose of considering the Propriety of appealing against the Composition so established in such Parish; and such Churchwardens shall cause public Notice to be given, in the usual Manner of giving Notices for holding Vestries, that a Special Vestry of Persons qualified according to the Directions of the said recited Acts will be holden on some Day to be named in such Notice, being not less than Seven Days nor more than Fourteen Days from the first Publication thereof for the Purpose aforesaid; and such Vestry so assembled shall take such Composition into consideration, and may adjourn from1 Time to Time to

any

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV,

C. 119.

679

any Dav or Days not more than Ten Days distant from the first Day of meeting; and if at such Vestry, or any Adjournment thereof, it shall be determined to appeal against the Composition established in such Parish, such Appeal shall be made to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland in Council, in the Name of such Vestry, on behalf of such Parish, and the Grounds of such Appeal shall be stated in Writing, and signed by the Chairman of such Vestry, and transmitted by him to the Clerk of the Privy Council within Two Days after such Meeting; and in like Manner it shall be lawful for any Incumbent or Impropriator, or Body Politic or Corporate or Collegiate, or any Person or Persons entitled to any Tithes or Portion of Tithes in any Parish wherein any Composition shall have been established by Agreement as aforesaid, to appeal to the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors in Council, such Appeal to be lodged, together with the Grounds and Reasons thereof, in Writing, with the Clerk of the said Council within such Period of Three Calendar Months as aforesaid; and Notice of every such Appeal shall be inserted by or on behalf of the Parish or Party Appellant in the Dublin Gazette Once in Two successive Weeks after such Appeal shall have been lodged as aforesaid with the Clerk of the Council.

IX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, by and with the Advice and Consent of His Majesty's Privy Council of ire-landy to hear and determine every Appeal so lodged as aforesaid; and if it shall appear that the Agreement or Composition in respect whereof such Appeal shall have been lodged was unjust, on account of the Concealment or Ignorance on Part of either of the Parties thereto of any Facts the Knowledge whereof was essential to the making an equitable Arrangement between them, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, by and with such Advice and Consent as aforesaid, to make Order for the decreasing, increasing, or modifying the Amount of the Composition stated in the Certificate thereof, as to such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors and Council shall seem just; and such Certificate, and the Amount of the Composition ascertained thereby, and the Entry of such Certificate in the Registry of the Diocese, shall be altered and amended in such Manner as shall be directed by such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors and Councils Provided always, that in case any such Composition established by Agreement as aforesaid shall be altered, in manner before mentioned, by the Judgment of such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors and Council, such Judgment shall relate to and take effect from the First Day of May or the First Day of November, as may happen, last preceding, and shall be without Prejudice to any Arrears of such Composition at that Time due and payable, or to any Remedy or Proceeding for Levy and Recovery of such Arrears.

X. And be it enacted, That on the Hearing and Decision of any Appeal which may be made under the Provisions of this Act against any Composition established by Agreement as aforesaid,

X x 4f such

Lord Lieute> nant and Privy Council to hear the Appeals,

Judgment of Privy Council to relate to 1st May or 1st November last previous.

Costs of Appeal.

68D

C. 119.

2? & 3° GULIELMI IV.

Extra-parochial Places to be within the Meaning of this Act.

Tenants at Will or from Year to Year exempted from Payment of Compositions after 1st November 1833; and the Person having the next greater Estate made liable thenceforth; and the Liability to devolve, on the Expiration of such first greater Estate, on the next greater Estate, and so on for ever to the Fee.

A.D. 183

such Costs as the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, with the Advice and Consent of the said Privy Council, shall think fit to adjudge and direct, shall be paid to or by any Party appealing or appealed against.

XI. And be it enacted, That where any Lands liable to the Payment of Tithes or any Composition for Tithes shall be situate in any Extra-parochial Place, or in any Place which may not be known to belong to any or to what Parish, all such and the same Proceedings as by this Act directed to be had for the Purpose of carrying this Act into execution in any Parish shall be had and taken to carry the same into execution within such Place, or such aggregate Places, in Cases where under the Provisions of the said recited Acts any Composition may be or may have been established in such aggregate Places; and all Provisions in this Act contained shall extend to such Place or Places; and all Provisions in the said Acts contained, in any Manner varying or accommodating to the Circumstances of such Places the other Provisions of the said Acts as applicable to Parishes, shall extend and apply to vary and accommodate the Provisions of this Act to such Places, and to carry the same into execution within such Places, in like Manner and as fully as to vary or accommodate the Provision of the said recited Acts to such Places, and to carry the same into execution within such Places; and it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, in all Cases where it shall seem to him fit or necessary, to nominate and appoint some Person to act as a Churchwarden in any such Place or Places for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or of this Act; and all Acts, Matters, and Things done pursuant to the Provisions of the said recited Acts or this Act, by or with relation to the Person so nominated and appointed as and in lieu and stead of a Churchwarden, shall be as good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if such Place or Places were a Parish, and such Person the Churchwarden thereof, duly constituted according to Law.

XII. And be it enacted, That no Person holding or occupying Land in Ireland as Tenant at Will or Tenant from Year, to Year, or having any lesser Estate or Interest therein, shall be liable to the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money accruing due and payable after the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three on account of any Composition for :Tithes chargeable or which may become chargeable on such Land; and the Person who shall have, in such Land, the first Estate or Interest greater than such Tenancy from Year to Year, shall be and become, for and during the Continuance of such Estate or Interest, liable to the Payment of the Composition from such First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three, and thenceforth from Time to Time accruing due and payable in respect of such Land; and upon the Expiration, Surrender, Forfeiture, or other Determination of such first Estate or Interest greater than a Tenancy from Year to Year as aforesaid, the Person having the next Estate or Interest in such Land greater than such Estate as aforesaid shall be and become, for and during the Continuance of such Estate or Interest, liable to the Payment of such Composition as aforesaid;

and

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 119.

681

and so on the Liability to the Payment of such Composition attaching and devolving successively, upon the Expiration, Forfeiture, or other Determination of each and every such previous Estate or Interest as aforesaid, upon the Person having the next such Estate or Interest for and during the Continuance thereof, until such Liability shall eventually attach and devolve upon the Person having the Fee Simple and Inheritance of such Land, who shall be and remain for ever subject thereto: Provided always, that such Transfers of Liability shall be without Prejudice to any Arrears of Composition which may have accrued due at the Times of such Transfers respectively, and to all Remedies for the Recovery of such Arrears; and provided always, that if any such Tenant at Will or yearly Tenant shall continue in possession, after such First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three, of such Land so liable as aforesaid, without entering into any new Agreement with his Landlord, such Landlord so becoming liable shall be entitled to recover from such Tenant so continuing in such Possession, in addition to the Rent then payable by him, the Amount of such Composition theretofore payable by such Tenant; the same to be recovered by all the Ways and Means and as if the same were Part of and added to said Rent by Agreement between such Landlord and Tenant originally.

XIII. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, in all Cases where any Land shall be let or set or demised in Ireland, the Lessee or Tenant thereof shall hold such Land free from the Payment of Tithes or Composition for Tithes; and all Contracts, Covenants, and Agreements to the contrary hereof, howsoever made, shall be utterly null and void.

XIV. Provided, and be it enacted, That in no Case where, pursuant to Covenant or Contract, any Lease shall be renewed, or any Life or Lives be substituted or superadded, or any new Lease of the same Land be granted, shall the Estate, Term, or Interest previously subsisting be deemed within the Meaning of this Act to have been determined, nor shall such Land be deemed to be or have been let, set, or demised, after the passing of this Act, within the Meaning thereof.

XV. And be it enacted, That in all Cases where any Land in Ireland shall be held or occupied by any Person not liable under the Provisions of this Act to the Payment of the Composition for /Tithes from Time to Time accruing due in respect of such Land, it shall not be lawful to make any Distress upon such Lands, or upon any Goods or Chattels thereon, for the Recovery and Levy of any such Composition or Arrears thereof; and in all such Cases it shall and may be lawful, whenever and so often as the same or any Portion of such Composition as aforesaid shall be in arrear and unpaid for One Year and an Half next after the Period when the same may have become due and payable, for a Court of Equity, upon Application in manner hereafter mentioned, and upon its appearing to said Court that any legal Remedy to enforce Payment of such Arrear is likely to prove ineffectual, to appoint a Receiver to receive such Part of the Rents of the Lands in respect whereof such Composition may be due and payable as shall be sufficient to pay such Arrear of . Composi-

In all future Leases the Lessee to be free from Tithes.

Saving for Leases renewed under Covenants.

When Party liable to the Payment of Composition is not in Occupation, a Receiver may be appointed to enforce Payment of Arrears of Composition.

C. 119.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

In all other Cases Right of Distress to remain.

Compositions recoverable by Action or Civil Bill.

Who may make Agreements under this Act.

Committees or Guardians of incapacitated Persons, Husbands, and Trustees empowered to make Agreements.

Composition due and unpaid, until the whole of such Arrear of Composition shall be discharged, and no longer, together with such Fees or Salary as shall be appointed by the said Court for such Receiver, as also the necessary Costs out of Pocket of such Application; and that out of the Sums so received such Salary and Costs shall be ordered to be paid; and such Order shall be made upon Petition and Affidavit, after reasonable Time given to show Cause, and whether any Bill has or has not been filed; and whenever any Party against whom any such Application may be made shall be beyond the Seas or without the Jurisdiction of the Court, it shall be lawful for the Court to direct Notice of such Application to be served on the known Attorney, Agent, or Steward of such Party, and such Notice shall be as good and effectual as personal Service on such Party; and it shall be lawful for the Court to proceed upon such Application, to all Intents and Purposes as if such Party were within such Jurisdiction: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to alter or affect any Remedy, by Distress or otherwise, now by Law provided for the Recovery or Levy of any Composition for Tithes, in Cases where the Person liable to the Payment of such Composition shall hold or occupy the Land in respect whereof the same may be payable, nor in any Case to prevent any Receiver who may be appointed in manner before mentioned from levying, by Distress or otherwise, such Part of any Rents as may be necessary to pay any Arrear of Composition for Satisfaction whereof such Appointment may have been made.

XVI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to sue for and recover any such Compositions, or Parts thereof, at any Time due and in arrear, of and from the Person liable to the Payment of the same, by Bill in Equity, or by Action of Debt or on the Case in any of His Majesty's Superior Courts of Record in Dublin, or in case the Amount so sought to be recovered shall not exceed Twenty Pounds, by Civil Bill in the Court of the Assistant Barrister of the County wherein the Person may reside against whom it is sought to recover such Composition, or in case such Person shall reside in the County of Dublin, by Civil Bill in the Court of the Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace for such County.

XVII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person, having in possession any Estate or Interest in Land charged or which may become chargeable with the Payment of any Composition for Tithes, such Person not being a Tenant for any lesser Term than a Term of Twenty-one Years from the Commencement thereof, and any such Person is hereby empowered and entitled, to agree for and undertake the future Payment of such Composition, on the Terms and in the Manner and subject to the Preference and other Regulations herein-after contained.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Committee or Committees of any Lunatic, or the Guardian or Guardians of any Infant, or the Husband or Trustee or Trustees of any Feme Covert, or such Person as may be for that Purpose nominated by the Court of Chancery, upon a summary Application on the Part of any Person under any Incapacity, and whom such Court is hereby empowered to nominate, which Lunatic,

Infant,

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV,

C. 119.

Infant, or Feme Covert, or other incapacitated Person may be interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments charged or which may become chargeable with the Payment of any Composition for Tithes, to agree for and undertake, on behalf of such Lunatic, Infant, Feme Covert, or other incapacitated Person, the Payment of any such Composition for Tithes in the Manner by this Act prescribed; and every such Agreement or Undertaking shall be as good, valid, and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were made by a Person under no Disability or Incapacity.

XIX. And be it enacted, That any Person empowered under the Provision herein-before contained, and who shall agree for and undertake the Duty, Obligation, and Liability to the future Payment of such Composition as aforesaid, shall in consideration thereof be entitled to an Abatement or Reduction on the Amount thereof at and after the Rate of Fifteen Pounds per Centum on such Amount: Provided always, that if at any Time such Composition shall be in arrear and unpaid for the Space of Six Months next after the same shall have accrued due and payable, then and in such Case no such Abatement or Reduction shall be made, but the whole original Amount of the Composition then accruing due and payable shall be pro illd vice due and payable.

XX. And be it enacted, That the chief Landlord or Lessor seised of any Rent and Reversion in Land charged or which may become chargeable with any such Composition for Tithes shall be entitled to agree for and undertake the Payment of such Composition in preference to all other Persons whatsoever, provided that such chief Landlord or Lessor shall signify in manner herein-after appointed his Desire so to do within Six Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act; and in case such chief Landlord or Lessor shall not so signify such Desire within such Period as aforesaid, then the Person having the Estate or Interest first immediately derived under such chief Landlord or Lessor shall be preferred to him and to all other Persons whatsoever; and in default of the Person having such first derivative Estate or Interest so signifying such Desire, then the Person having the next inferior derivative Estate or Interest shall become entitled to a like Preference, and so downwards, the Person having the Estate or Interest derived nearest to or next under the chief Landlord or Lessor being preferred to all Persons having Estates or Interests more remotely derived.

XXI. And be it enacted, That every Person empowered under the Provision herein-before contained, and who may be desirous of agreeing for and undertaking the future Payment of any Composition, shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Ecclesiastical Incumbent or other Person or Persons entitled to the Receipt of such Composition a Notice in Writing signifying such Desire, and describing by Metes and Bounds the Lands charged with such Composition, and showing the Title, Estate, or Interest of such Person in and to such Lands; and it shall be lawful for such Ecclesiastical Incumbent or other Person or Persons entitled to the Receipt of such Composition to require from any Person claiming any Preference under this Act the Production of any Deed, Grant, Conveyance* or Instrument relating to the alleged

or

683

Terms on which Agreements shall be made.

Preference established among the Persons before described.

How Persons desirous of making Agreements are to proceed.

C. 119.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

In Cases of Dispute or Doubt with respect to Preference, the Matter to be referred to a Master in Chancery.

Certificate of Agreement to be granted to the Person entitled thereto;

and registered in Registry of Diocese.

or pretended Estate or Interest of such Person; and in case of any Dispute or Doubt as to such Estate or Interest, or the Right of Preference arising thereout, it shall and may be lawful for the Court of Chancery in Ireland, upon the Petition of such Ecclesiastical Incumbent or other Person or Persons entitled as aforesaid, stating the Premises, in a summary Manner, and without Bill filed, to make an Order referring the Matter to the Decision of any Master of the said Court, with Liberty for the Parties to-attend such Master, and with such other Directions as the said Court shall deem proper; and the Report of such Master shall not be liable to any Exception, but shall be conclusive of the Matters therein certified; and the said Ecclesiastical Incumbent or other Person or Persons entitled as aforesaid shall be and he or they are hereby indemnified from and against all Suits, Actions, and Proceedings whatsoever, both at Law and in Equity* for any Act, Matter, or Thing which may be done in pursuance of or in conformity to such Report, on any Question so referred to the Decision of such Master; and the Costs of such Petition and Reference shall be in the Discretion of such Master, and Payment thereof enforced by Attachment or otherwise as he shall direct.

XXII. And be it enacted, That with all convenient Speed after the Receipt of any such Notice or Notices as aforesaid, the Ecclesiastical Incumbent or other Person or Persons receiving the same shall and he or they are hereby required to grant to the Person giving such Notice, and who under and by virtue of the Preference by this Act established may be entitled thereto, a Certificate in Writing reciting such Notice, and declaring the Person who may have given the same entitled to the Benefit thereof; and such Certificate shall be executed under the Hand and Seal of such Ecclesiastical Incumbent or other Person or Persons; and at Foot thereof a Declaration shall be inserted, declaring the Acceptance of the same by the Person who may have given such Notice; and such Declaration shall be in like Manner executed under the Hand and Seal of such Person; and to every such Certificate there shall be annexed a Map or Terre Chart or Ground Plan of the Lands charged with the Composition to which such Certificate shall refer; and a Counterpart of every such Certificate and Declaration, with a like Map or Terre Chart or Ground Plan annexed thereto, shall within Two Calendar Months next after the Date or Dates thereof be deposited in the Office of the Registrar of the Diocese wherein such Lands shall be locally situate, or, in the Case of Lands situate within the peculiar Jurisdiction of any Archbishop or Bishop, or any other exempt or peculiar Jurisdiction, in the Office of the Registrar of such peculiar Jurisdiction, to be perpetually kept and preserved therein; and such Registrars shall respectively so deposit and preserve the same, and shall give and sign an Acknowledgment of such Deposit thereof, to be written on such Certificate, or on some other separate Parchment, Paper, or Instrument; and every such Counterpart shall be produced at all proper and usual Hours at such Registry to every Person applying to inspect the same; and an Office Copy of each such Counterpart, certified under the Hand of the Registrar (and which Office Copy so

A.D. 1832. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. c. 119. 685

certified the Registrar shall in all Cases grant to every Person who shall apply for the same) , shall in all Cases be admitted and allowed as legal Evidence thereof in all Courts whatsoever; and every such Registrar shall be entitled to the Sum of One Shilling and no more for such Acknowledgment, and the Sum of One Shilling and no more for so depositing as aforesaid such Counterpart, and so as aforesaid acknowledging such Deposit thereof, and the Sum of Sixpence and no more for each such Search, and the Sum of Four-pence and no more for each Folio of Seventy-two Words of each such Office Copy so certified as aforesaid.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That from and after the Registra- Certificate so tion of any such Certificate and Declaration, and by virtue and registered to force thereof, the Person subscribing such Declaration shall be the^Party and become and remain subject and liable to, and bound to ment ofCom-make Payment from the First Day of May or the First Day of position. November, as may happen, last previous to the Date thereof, of the Composition from Time to Time accruing due in respect of the Lands referred to in such Certificate, to the Ecclesiastical Incumbent or other Person or Persons from Time to Time entitled thereto, for and during the Continuance of all the Estate and Interest of such Person so subscribing such Declaration in such Lands, as fully and completely to all Intents and Purposes as, in case no such Agreement had been made, the same or any other Person or Persons would have been or might have become subject and liable to such Payment under the Provisions of this Act or otherwise, but entitled nevertheless to such Deduction or Abatement on the due and punctual Payment of such Composition as herein-before mentioned; and every Ecclesiastical Incumbent or other Person or Persons who may be from Time to Time entitled to the Receipt of such Composition shall have, against any Person taking upon him in manner aforesaid the Payment of any Composition, all such and the like Remedies for recovering and levying the same as against any Person any how otherwise liable to the Payment of Composition for Tithes.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Certificate to the Person to whom any such Certificate shall be granted, from enab, e Party to and after the Registration thereof, to have, recover, and receive

to his own Use the full Amount, without Deduction or Abatement, reCover over° of the Composition referred to in such Certificate, of and from the against the Person or Persons from Time to Time liable under the Provisions Persons liable of this Act, or otherwise, to the Payment thereof, from the First to Composition Day of May or First Day of November, as may happen, last pre- Amount!6 vious, for and during the Continuance of all his Estate or Interest to operate in the Lands chargeable therewith; and such Certificate shall as an Assign-have the Effect of and be deemed and taken to be and shall ment. operate as a good, valid, and effectual Grant, Assignment, or Conveyance in Law to such Person, for and during his said Term or Interest, of all the Right, Title, and Interest of any and every Ecclesiastical Incumbent or other Person or Persons who may be or become in any Manner entitled to have, recover, and receive such Composition of and from such Person or Persons so liable, or from Time to Time becoming liable as aforesaid; and every such Person to whom any such Certificate shall be granted shall have, for the Recovery and levying of any such

Composi-

C. 119 *

2° 3t 8° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Agreements to be made without Prejudiceto previous Arrears.

Compositions hereafter established to be . within the Provisions of this Act.

Manner of proceeding where Valuation not made, or destroyed by Violence, &c.

Composition, all such and the like Remedies as, under the said recited Acts and this Act, or otherwise, any Ecclesiastical Incumbent or other Person or Persons entitled to the Receipt of any Composition for Tithes; and all such Assessments, Applotments, Books, Papers, and Documents as would otherwise be conclusive Evidence for any Person of the Amount of any Composition, or any other Act, Matter, or Thing, shall be alike conclusive Evidence for the Person to whom such Certificate shall be granted; and all Clauses, Provisoes, and Conditions in the recited Acts or this Act contained, regulating the Payment of such Compositions, and enabling or facilitating the Recovery of such Compositions by the Persons entitled to receive the same, shall enure and extend, so far as the same are applicable, to and for the Payment and Recovery thereof to and by such Person; and all Notices required to be given to and all Matters required to be done by any Ecclesiastical Incumbent or other Person or Persons entitled to the Receipt of any such Composition shall be given to and done by such Person as aforesaid; and he shall, for and during such Estate or Interest as aforesaid, to all Intents and Purposes be and be deemed to be, in relation thereto, in the Place and Stead of such Ecclesiastical Incumbent or other Person or Persons entitled to the Receipt of such Composition.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such Agreement or Undertaking for the future Payment of any Composition shall in any respect prejudice or affect the Right of any Ecclesiastical Incumbent or other Person or Persons to have, recover, and receive any Arrears of such Composition theretofore due and in arrear; and that such Ecclesiastical Incumbent or other Person or Persons shall have such and the like Remedies for Recovery thereof as if no such Undertaking or Agreement had been entered into.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That the herein-before contained Provisions, enabling Persons to take upon them the future Payment of Compositions for Tithes, shall extend to all Compositions hereafter to be established, when and as the same shall be established under the Provisions of the herein-before recited Acts and this Act; and that the Expences attendant upon any such Agreement or Undertaking to be entered into under the foregoing Provisions, and of registering the same, shall be defrayed by the Person entering into such Agreement or Undertaking.

XXVII. And whereas in many Parishes a Valuation of Tithes for the present Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty two has been or may be prevented from being made, by means c of Combinations and Intimidation, or if made, from being duly ' proved, to the great Injury and Loss of the Tithe Owners; be it therefore enacted, That in case it shall appear by any Affidavit to be annexed to any Bill to be filed in the Court of Chancery or the Court of Exchequer, or Libel or Petition to be exhibited in any Ecclesiastical Court, or Complaint in Writing to be preferred to or before any Justices of the Peace, as now warranted by Law, for Recovery of the Amount of any Tithes for this present Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, payable to any Ecclesiastical Person or Body, or to any Impropriator, or the Representatives of any Person or Persons

deriving

A.D. 1832.

2 & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 119.

687

deriving by or under any of them, that a Valuation of the Tithes of the Lands of the Person or Persons so to be sued or pro* ceeded against for Tithes of the said Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two was not made, by reason of any such Combination, Intimidation, or other undue Means, or that such a Valuation having been made the Notes or Items of such Valuation have been destroyed, or by reason of any Violence,

Fraud, or Fatality cannot be produced and proved, and if the said Affidavit shall also set forth, to the best of the Deponent's Knowledge, Information, and Belief, the average Value of the Tithes of the Lands of the Person or Persons from whom the Tithes for the said Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two shall be so claimed, calculated on an Average of all the Sums paid or agreed for or adjudged to be paid on account of the Tithes of the same Lands during and for the Years One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, and One thousand eight hundred and thirty, it shall not be necessary in such Case to set forth in any such Bill, Libel, Petition, or Complaint the Particulars, Quantities, or actual Value of all or any Tithes of the said Lands, or of any titheable Matters, but only the Amount of the aforesaid average Value of the Tithes of the said Lands for the said Years One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, and One thousand eight hundred and thirty, so calculated as aforesaid; and that the Judge and Judges, and Justices of the Peace, shall in every such Case receive and admit Evidence of the Amount of the Average of the Tithes of the said Lands for the said Years One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, and One thousand eight hundred and thirty, as Proof of the actual Value of the Tithes thereof for the said Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, and shall and may decree and adjudge the Amount of such average Sum to be accordingly paid, in such and the same Manner and Form as he or they should and ought to do were the usual Proof made of the particular Quantities and Values of the Tithes and titheable Matters for the said Lands due for the said Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two: Provided always, that in case the Person or Persons against whom any such Suit or Proceeding shall be commenced and prosecuted shall prove to the Satisfaction of the said Judge or Judges or Justices of the Peace, as the Case may be, the true Value and Quantities of the Tithes and titheable Matters in respect of which such Suit or Proceeding shall have been so instituted for the Tithes of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two as aforesaid, and that it shall be found on such Proof that the Amount thereof is less than the Amount of the Average so calculated as aforesaid, then such Decree, Order, or Adjudication shall award Payment of such lesser Sum only, instead of the Amount of the said averaged Sum; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That no Deed, Certificate, or Certificate, &c. Declaration or other Instrument to be made or executed under exempted from the Provisions of this Act shall be subject to any ad valorem or s

other Stamp Duty whatsoever, imposed by any Act or Acts now to be made^8

in Searches in the

a 119.

2» & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Registry Office in Ireland.

Interpretation of certain Expressions in this Act.

Compositions for Tithes previous to passing this Act to remain in force.

Tithe on Tobacco,

in force, or which may be imposed by any such future Act or Acts, unless the same be especially subjected thereto; and that no Fee or Fees shall, save as herein-before provided, be paid or payable to any Officer or Officers in any Registry Office, for making Searches concerning any Estates, Manors, Lordships, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, or Hereditaments, or any Term or Interest therein, nor on account of any Certificate of any such Search, nor for any Copy or Extract from any Registry Book or Abstract Book or other Record which may be required by any Person for the Purposes of this Act, imposed by any Act or Acts now in force, or which may be imposed by any future Act or Acts, unless the same be specially subjected thereto in and by such future Act or Acts.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That except where the Nature of the Provision or the Context shall exclude such Construction, the Words and Expressions herein-after mentioned shall in this Act be interpreted as follows; (that is to say,) the Word " Person" shall extend to a Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, always excepted; and that wherever the Word " Person" shall be used in connection with or as describing the Owner of any Estate or Interest in Land, or the Person making any Agreement under this Act, the Heirs, Executors, Administrators, Assigns, or Successors of such Person or Corporation, and all Trustees or Feoffees and other Persons claiming or deriving under such Person or Corporation, and having the same or an equal Estate or Interest, shall be understood to be meant, as well as such Person or Corporation; and the Words " Ecclesiastical Incumbent or other Person or Persons" shall extend to an Archbishop, Bishop, Dean, Dean and Chapter, Archdeacon, Prebendary, Canon, Rector, Vicar, or Curate, and to any Impropriator or Appropriator; and every Word importing the Singular Number only shall extend and be applied to several Persons or Things as well as One Person or Thing; and every Word importing the Masculine Gender only shall extend and be applied to a Female as well as a Male.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Composition to be made under this Act in any Parish the Tithes whereof had been previously demised or compounded for by any Deed, Lease, or Instrument then subsisting and in operation shall defeat or affect such Deed, Lease, or Instrument, or any Title or Interest thereunder, but that the said Deed, Lease, or Instrument shall remain and be, during the Continuance of such Title or Interest, to all Intents and Purposes as valid and effectual as if this Act had not been passed; and that such Composition so to be effected under this Act shall be suspended, and not come into operation or effect, until after the Termination of such Title and Interest as aforesaid.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in ascertaining the Amount of Composition to be made for Tithes in any Parish or Place under this Act the extraordinary Income arising from the Tithes of Tobacco shall not be included in such Estimate, but the same shall be estimated as if Wheat, or the Corn principally grown in the County in which such Parish or

Place

A.D. 1832. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 119.

689

Place is situate, had been grown in lieu of Tobacco, in the same Places and to the same Extent; and provided also, that where Evidence of the Sums paid, agreed for, or adjudged to be paid for the Tithes of any Parish, or for the Tithes of any Lands subject to the Payment of Tithes in any Parish, for any Year or Years during the Seven Years immediately preceding the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirty, cannot be had, then and in every such Case the Value of the Tithes of such Parish or Lands for such Year or Years shall be estimated by the Commissioners under this Act according to the best Information which they can obtain.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That at Appeal, any Time within Six Months after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for any Inqumbent, Impropriator, or other Person interested in any Composition heretofore made under the said recited Acts, who shall think himself aggrieved by the Apportionment or Appropriation made in any Certificate of the Composition therein mentioned, to appeal to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland in Council against such Apportionment or Appropriation; such Appeal to be lodged, together with the Grounds and Reasons thereof, in Writing, with the Clerk of the said Council; and Notice of every such Appeal shall be inserted, by or on behalf of the Appellant, in the Dublin Gazette, Once in Two successive Weeks after such Appeal shall have been lodged as aforesaid; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland in Council to hear and determine every Appeal so lodged, and to make such Order for the varying, altering, or modifying of the Apportionment and Appropriation of such Composition, and for the Payment of any Costs to or by any Party appealing or appealed against, as shall seem meet; and such Certificate, and the Entry thereof in the Registry of the Diocese, shall be altered and amended in respect to such Apportionment and Appropriation as shall be directed by such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors and Council.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That the several Provisions, Enactments of

Clauses, and Enactments in the said Acts herein-before recited, former Acts,

or any of them, contained, shall, save so far as the same are "ve " hereby

hereby modified, repealed, or superseded, extend to, and be used, c n

* ! i, n7, 7 i/.7 remain in lull

extended, and exercised in and to and for the Execution and for Force.

the Purposes of this Act; and that nothing herein contained shall be deemed or construed to repeal any of the Provisions of the said recited Acts, save as herein specifically provided and enacted,

or as may be necessary for the complete and effectual Execution

of the Purposes of this Act and of the said recited Acts.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be Act may be

altered, amended, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed altered, &c. this during this present Session of Parliament. Session.

2 8c3 Gul.IV.

Y y

C. 120.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Certain Acts and Parts of Acts repealed after 10th Oct. 1832; viz.

25 G. 3. c. 51.

44 G. 3. c. 98.

50 G. 3. c. 48.

53 G. 3. c. 108. s. 21 & 22.

CAP. CXX.

An Act to repeal the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps on Stage Carriages and on Horses let for Hire in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and also to consolidate and amend the Laws relating thereto.

[16th August 1832.1

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal the Duties under the

* Management of the Commissioners of Stamps in respect ' of Stage Carriages and of Horses let for Hire in Great Britain,

and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, and also to consolidate and amend the Laws now in force relating to such Stage ' Carriages and Horses as aforesaid respectively be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Acts and Parts of Acts next herein-after mentioned, or so much and such Part and Parts thereof as are now in force, shall respectively remain and continue in force until and upon the Tenth Day of October in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, and shall from thenceforth respectively cease, determine, and be repealed; (that is to say,) an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for repealing the Duties on Licences taken out by Persons letting Horses for the Purpose of travelling Post, and on Horses let to Hire for travelling Post and by Time, and on Stage Coaches, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and also additional Duties on Horses let to Hire for travelling Post and by Time; and so much of an Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His Said late Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper in Great Britain, and to grant neio and additional Duties in Ueu thereof, as relates to the painting upon every Carriage to be employed as a public Stage Coach or Carriage for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire to and from different Places in Great Britain certain Words in the said last-recited Act mentioned, and to the Number of Inside Passengers to be carried in any such Carriage; and the whole of an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal Three Acts made in the Twenty-eighth, Thirtieth, and Forty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for limiting the Number of Persons to be carried on the Outside of Stage Coaches or other Carriages, and to enact other Regulations for carrying the Objects of the said Acts into effect; and so much of an Act passed in the Fifty-third Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for altering, explaining, and amending an Act of the Forty-eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for granting Stamp Duties in Great Britain with regard to the Duties on re-issuable Promissory Notes, and on Conveyances on the Sale and Mortgage of Property; for better enabling the Commissioners of Stamps to give Relief in Cases of spoiled Stamps, and to remit Penalties; for exempting certain Instruments from

13 Stamp

A.D. 1832.

691

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. c. 120.

Stamp Duty; and for better securing the Duties on Stage Coaches, as relates to the Duties granted on Coaches and other Carriages employed as public Stage Coaches, or Carriages for conveying Passengers for Hire, and on Licences for keeping the same; and also so much of the said last-recited Act as relates to the Time of granting such Licences, or of their continuing in force; and so much of an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the Stamp Office Duties on Advertisements, Almanacks, Newspapers, Gold and Silver Plate, Stage Coaches, and Licences for keeping Stage Coaches, now payable in Great Britain, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof as relates to the Duties on Stage Coaches and on Licences for keeping Stage Coaches, and as relates to the Offences in the said Act mentioned respecting such Duties and Licences; and also so much of the said last-recited Act as relates to Licences to be taken out by the Owners of Hackney Coaches employed as Stage Coaches, and to the Owners or Drivers of Stage Coaches taking up Passengers in manner by the said last-recited Act allowed; and the whole of an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to reduce the Pate of Duties payable in respect of certain Carriages used and employed for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire, and to make Regulations and Provisions relating to Stage Coaches and the Duties thereon; and the whole of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to make further Regulations relating to the licensing of Stage Coaches; and so much of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend the Laws in force relating to the Stamp Duties on Sea Insurances, on Articles of Clerkship, on Certificates of Writers to the Signet, and of Conveyancers and others, on Licences to Dealers in Gold and Silver Plate and Pawnbrokers, on Drafts on Bankers, and on Licences for Stage Coaches in Great Britain, and on Receipts in Ireland, as relates to Stage Coaches or other Carriages kept, used, or employed to convey Passengers for Hire, or to the Recovery of any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture made or incurred with relation to any such Stage Coaches or Carriages; and so much of an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the better supplying the Cities of London and Westminster with Fishy and to reduce the present exorbitant Price thereof and to protect and encourage Fishermen, as relates to the Penalty therein imposed upon the Driver of any Fish Carriage for taking up or suffering any Passenger to be carried or conveyed in or by any such Fish Carriage; and the said several Acts and Parts of Acts hereinbefore specified shall be and the same are hereby severally repealed accordingly, save and except only so far as is hereinafter in that Behalf provided.

II. And be it enacted, That an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties upon Horses let to Hire for the Purpose of travelling in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof and to provide for letting the same to farm, shall

Y y 2 continue

55 G. S. c. 185. s.2, 3, 6, 11, & 12.

3 G. 4. c. 95.

7 G. 4. c. 33.

9 G. 4. c. 49. s. 16, 17, & 18.

2G. 3. c. 15. s. 9.

4 G. 4. c. 62. as to Duties on Horses let for Hire, repealed after the 31st of January 1833.

C. 120.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Exception as to such Parts of the recited Acts as repeal any former Acts; and as to Arrears of Duty, and to Penalties, &c. incurred.

Grant of Duties specified in Schedule (A.) hereto annexed.

Definition of a Stage Carriage.

continue in force until and upon the Thirty-first Day of January in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three, and shall from thenceforth cease, determine, and be repealed, save and except only so far as is herein-after in that Behalf provided.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to repeal any of the said several Acts and Parts of Acts herein-before mentioned, so far as the same or any of them repeal the Whole or any Part of any former Act or Acts, or with respect to any Duty or Arrears of any Duty, or any Debt or Sum of Money, which at any Time before the several Days or Times herein-before respectively appointed for the Repeal of the said several Acts and Parts of Acts shall have accrued or been incurred under or by virtue of the said Acts and Parts of Acts or any of them respectively, and which shall then or at any Time afterwards be or become due or payable, and remain in arrear and unpaid, or with respect to any Penalty or Forfeiture or Punishment incurred for or in respect of any Offence committed at any Time before the said several Days or Times herein-before respectively appointed for the Repeal of the said several Acts and Parts of Acts, but that all such Duties and Arrears of Duty, Debts, Sums of Money, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Punishments, shall respectively be sued or prosecuted for, recovered, obtained, and inflicted by the same Ways and Means and in the same Manner as if this Act had not been made.

IV. And be it enacted, That in lieu of the Duties repealed by this Act there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in and throughout Great Britain, for and in respect of every Stage Carriage and every Horse let for Hire, and every Licence relating to the same, and for and in respect of Passengers conveyed for Hire as mentioned and described in the Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed, the several Duties or Sums of Money set down in Figures against the same respectively, or otherwise specified and set forth in the same Schedule; and that the said Schedule shall be deemed and taken to be Part of this Act; and that all the said Duties shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps, and shall be denominated and deemed to be Stamp Duties.

V. And be it enacted, That every Carriage used or employed for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire to or from any Place in Great Britain, and which, when passing along any Highway or other Road, shall travel at the Rate of Three Miles or more in the Hour, shall, without regard to the Form or Construction thereof, be deemed and taken to be a Stage Carriage within the Meaning of this Act; provided the Passengers, or any One or more of them, thereby conveyed, shall be charged or shall pay separate and distinct Fares or a separate and distinct Fare, or shall be charged or pay at the Rate of separate and distinct Fares, for their respective Places or Seats or his Place or Seat therein or Conveyance thereby; and in all Proceedings at Law or otherwise, and upon all Occasions whatsoever, it shall be sufficient to describe any Carriage used or employed as aforesaid

by

C. 120.

693

by the Term " Stage Carriage," without further or otherwise describing the same: Provided always, that the said Term " Stage Carriage" shall not be deemed to extend to or to include any Carriage used or employed as aforesaid wholly upon any Railway, nor to any Carriage drawn or impelled by the Power of Steam, or otherwise than by Animal Power.

VI. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person to keep, use, or employ any Stage Carriage, unless such Person shall have a Licence in force so to do, granted to him under the Authority of this Act by Two or more of the Commissioners of Stamps, or by some Person duly authorized by the said Commissioners to grant such Licence, nor unless there shall be fixed on such Carriage, in the Manner herein-after mentioned, the numbered Plates by this Act directed to be delivered with every such Licence, nor unless the several Particulars by this Act directed to be painted on every such Carriage shall be painted thereon; any thing in any other Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VII. And be it enacted, That in any Action, Information, or other Proceeding for the Recovery of any Duty or Penalty incurred under this Act in respect of or with relation to any Stage Carriage, if Evidence shall be given that the Carriage in respect of which or in any Manner relating to which any such Action, Information, or Proceeding shall be commenced or prosecuted was seen travelling or going upon any Highway or other Road, having fixed or placed thereon any numbered Plate provided or used in pursuance of this or any former Act relating to Stage Carriages, or having thereupon any Plate resembling or intending to resemble any such Plate as aforesaid, or having painted upon such Carriage any of the Particulars required by this Act to be painted upon Stage Carriages, such Carriage shall be deemed and taken to be a Stage Carriage; and such Evidence as aforesaid shall be received as sufficient Proof that such Carriage was kept, used, and employed for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire as a Stage Carriage within the Meaning of this Act, unless the contrary be proved; and that in all such Actions, Informations, and Proceedings as aforesaid the Person named or described in the Licence granted with or relating to the Number of the Plate (if any there shall be) fixed or placed upon any such Carriage, whether such Licence shall be in force or not, or the Person whose Name (if any) shall be painted on any such Carriage, shall for the Purposes of this Act (unless the contrary be proved) be deemed to be the Person to whom such Carriage doth belong.

VIII. And be it enacted, That any Two or more of the Commissioners of Stamps, or any Person duly authorized by the said Commissioners, shall grant a Licence under their or his Hands or Hand to any and every Person of the Age of Twenty-one Years or upwards who shall apply for such Licence in the Manner herein-after mentioned, to keep, use, and employ any Stage Carriage in any Part of Great Britain; and that every such Licence to any Person for or in respect of any Stage Carriage which shall go from or shall come to London or Westminster, or from or to any Place within the County of

Y y 3 Middlesex *

Stage Carriages not to be used without Licences, nor with " out Plates, nor without having painted thereon the Particulars hereby required.

Carriages with Plates or Particulars painted thereon to be deemed Stage Carriages.

By whom and where Stage Carriage Licences shall be granted.

C. 120.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Persons in arrear for Duties or Penalties shall not be entitled to Licences until Payment of such Arrears.

Persons applying for Stage Carriage Licences to sign a Requisition for the saing.

Penalty for omitting the Name of any Proprietor, 10/.

Persons inserting a false Name, &c. in a Requisition or Licence, guilty of a Misdemeanor.

Middlesex, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, shall be granted at the Head Office for Stamps in Westminster; and every such Licence to any Person for or in respect of any Stage Carriage which shall go from or shall come to any other Town or Place within Great Britain shall be granted, either at the said Head Office, or by the Person duly authorized by the said Commissioners to grant such Licences for the District within which the Town or Place is situated from which or at which such Stage Carriage shall begin or end its Journey; and the said Commissioners, or the Person so authorized to grant such Licence as aforesaid, shall at the Time of granting every such Licence for the first Time, and at all other Times when necessary, deliver to the Person applying for such Licence the numbered Plates herein-after required to be fixed upon the Stage Carriage mentioned in such Licence: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to the Grant or Renewal of any such Licence who at the Time of applying for such Grant or Renewal shall be in arrear for any Duties payable under this or any former Act for or in respect of any Stage Carriage, or who shall not have paid or satisfied any Penalty in which he shall have been convicted or for which Judgment shall have been obtained against him in any Action, Information, or other Proceeding under this or any former Act relating to Stage Carriages; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Stamps or their Officer to refuse to grant or renew any such Licence to any such Person until such Arrear of Duty, and such Penalty or mitigated Penalty, shall have been fully paid and satisfied; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it enacted, That before any Licence, whether original or supplementary, shall be granted or renewed under the Provisions of this Act for or in respect of any Stage Carriage, a Requisition for such Licence, in such Form as the Commissioners of Stamps shall from Time to Time provide for that Purpose, shall be made and signed by the Proprietor or One of the Proprietors of the Stage Carriage in respect of which such Licence shall be applied for; and in every such Requisition there shall be truly specified and set forth the Christian Name and Surname and Place of Abode of the Person applying for such Licence, and of every Person who shall be a Proprietor or Part Proprietor of such Carriage, or who shall be concerned, either solely or in Partnership with any other Person, in the keeping, using, or employing of such Carriage; and in case any Person, on applying for any such Licence, shall neglect or omit to specify truly in such Requisition as aforesaid the Name of any Person who shall be a Proprietor or Part Proprietor of such Carriage, or who shall be concerned as aforesaid in the keeping, using, or employing of such Carriage, every Person so offending shall forfeit Ten Pounds.

X. And be it enacted, That if any Person applying for or procuring or attempting to procure any Licence under this Act for or in respect of any Stage Carriage shall use or employ any false or fictitious Name or Place of Abode, or other false or fictitious Description of any Person or supposed Person, or shall insert or cause to be inserted in any Requisition for any such

Licence,

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 120.

695

Licence, or in any such Licence, any false or fictitious Name or Place of Abode, or other false or fictitious Description of any Person or supposed Person as being the Proprietor or Part Proprietor of the Stage Carriage for or in respect of which such Licence shall be applied for or procured, or shall wilfully or knowingly insert or cause to be inserted in any such Requisition, or in any such Licence as aforesaid, the Name of any Person as being a Proprietor or Part Proprietor of such Carriage who shall not at the Time of the Application for such Licence be in fact a Proprietor or Part Proprietor of such Carriage, the Person so offending shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and, being convicted thereof, he shall be liable to be punished by Fine or Imprisonment, or by both, as the Court shall award; such Imprisonment to be in the Common Gaol or House of Correction, and either with or without hard Labour, as the Court shall think fit; and in Scotland, whenever any Person shall so offend, he shall be liable to be punished in like Manner.

XI. And be it enacted, That there shall be specified in every Licence to be granted or renewed under this Act for or in respect of any Stage Carriage the following Particulars, or such of them as the Commissioners of Stamps shall think proper; (that is to say,) the Christian Name and Surname and the Place of Abode of the Person and of every Person who shall be a Proprietor or Part Proprietor of the Stage Carriage in respect of which such Licence shall be granted, or who shall be concerned, either solely or in Partnership with any other Person, in the keeping, using, or employing of such Carriage, the Number painted or marked on the Plates to be fixed on such Carriage, the Names of the extreme Places from which and to which such Carriage shall be authorized by such Licence to go or pass, and the Route or Line of Road by which such Carriage shall travel to or from such extreme Places, and also the Distance in Miles or fractional Parts of a Mile, or both, as the Case may require, between such extreme Places, the Number of Journies, and the total Number of Miles upon which the Duty granted by this Act shall be assessed, and which such Carriage shall be authorized to perform or to travel, either separately or in conjunction with One or more other licensed Stage Carriage or Carriages, within the Day, Week, or Month, as the said Commissioners may think fit, the Days of the Week on which such Carriage shall be authorized to be used, and the greatest Number of Passengers to be conveyed by such Carriage, distinguishing (when the same is intended to convey both Inside and Outside Passengers) the Number to be carried on or about the Outside from the Number to be carried in the Inside of such Carriage; and a Copy of every such Licence, and of every Indorsement which shall from Time to Time be made thereon, shall be kept at the Office or Place from which such Licence shall be issued, in order that any Person may have a Copy thereof, paying One Shilling for the same.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Stamps, where they shall deem it expedient, at the Time of granting any such Licence as aforesaid, to compound with any Person, on such Terms and Conditions as they

Y y 4 shall

Particulars to be specified in Stage Carriage Licences.

Copy of Licence to be given on Payment of Is.

Duties may be

compounded

for.

696

C. 120.

2°.& 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

In case of a Composition, the Amount to be specified in the Licence.

Carriage Licences granted under former Acts continued until 10th October 1832.

Commencement and Termination of Licences granted under this Act.

shall think fit, for the Duties which may become payable in respect of such Stage Carriage; and then and in such Case, instead of the Number of Journies and the total Number of Miles which such Carriage shall be authorized to perform within the Day, Week, or Month, there shall be specified in the Licence granted for or in respect of such Carriage the Amount of the Composition, per Day, Week, or Month, to be paid for and in respect of such Carriage in lieu of the Duties specified in the said Schedule to this Act annexed, together with such Stipulations and Conditions as the said Commissioners shall think proper for better securing the Payment of such Composition.

XIII. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act every Licence for the keeping, using, employing, or letting out to Hire of any Stage Carriage which shall have been granted under any former Act, and which shall have been in force on the Thirty-first Day of July in this present Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, shall be and the same is hereby revived and continued, and shall be deemed to be and to have been in full Force and Effect from the said Thirty-first Day of July; and every such Licence which shall be so revived and continued as aforesaid, and also every other such Licence as aforesaid which shall have been or shall be granted under any former Act after the said Thirty-first Day of July and before the Eleventh Day of October in this present Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, shall respectively remain and continue in force until and upon the Tenth Day of October in the said Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, (unless sooner determined by the Parties to whom the same shall have been granted,) and shall then cease and determine, any thing in any former Act or in such Licences respectively to the contrary notwithstanding; and that every such Licence as aforesaid, whether original or supplementary, which shall be granted, under the Authority of this Act, after the Tenth Day of October and before the First Day of November in the said Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, shall be dated on the Eleventh Day of October in the same Year; and every such Licence which shall be granted after the Thirty-first Day of October in the said Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, and before the First Monday in the Month of October in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three, shall be dated on the Day on which the same shall be granted; and every such Licence granted as aforesaid under the Authority of this Act shall have effect and continue in force from the Day of the Date thereof until the First Monday in the Month of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three (unless sooner discontinued in manner herein-after mentioned) , and no longer; and every such Licence as aforesaid which shall be granted at any Time on or after the First Monday in October and before the First Day of November in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three, or in any subsequent Year, shall be dated on the First Monday in October in the Year in which the same shall be granted, specifying the Day of the Month; and every such Licence which shall be granted at any other Time than as aforesaid in the said last-mentioned Year, or in any subsequent Year, shall be dated

on

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 120.

697

on the Day on which the same shall be granted; and every such Licence as aforesaid which shall be dated on the First Mmday in any Month of October, or on any other Day in any Year, shall have effect and continue in force from the Day of the Date thereof until the First Monday in the Month of October then next ensuing, or until the Monday next ensuing the granting of such Licence, if such Monday shall be the First Monday in October (unless sooner discontinued as aforesaid) , and no longer; and every such Licence shall be renewed from Year to Year, by the Grant of an original Licence, on Payment of the Duty of Five Pounds by this Act charged thereon.

XIV. And be it enacted, That when any Person to whom any Licence shall have been granted under this Act for or in respect of any Stage Carriage shall determine to discontinue or give up such Licence, such Person shall give Notice in Writing of such his Determination to the Commissioners of Stamps or to the Officer by whom such Licence was granted; and when the Time for giving up such Licence according to such Notice shall have elapsed, and such Licence shall have been given up to the said Commissioners or Officer, such Licence shall cease and determine, and shall be no longer in force, and the Person so previously licensed shall not be charged with the Duties payable according to the Terms of such Licence, in respect of such Stage Carriage, for any Period subsequent to the Expiration of such Notice and the Re-delivery of such Licence, provided he shall within Seven Days next after the Expiration of such Notice deliver up to the said Commissioners or Officer the numbered Plates mentioned in such Licence.

XV. And be it enacted, That whenever any Licence granted under this Act for or in respect of any Stage Carriage shall cease or expire, or be discontinued, the Person to whom such Licence shall have been granted shall, within Seven Days next after the Expiration or Discontinuance thereof, deliver up to the Commissioners of Stamps, or to the Officer by whom such Licence was granted, the numbered Plates mentioned in such Licence, or in default thereof such Person shall continue to be subject and liable to the Payment of the same Rate of Duty as under this Act was payable according to the Terms of such Licence before the Expiration or Discontinuance thereof, and such Person shall be chargeable and charged with the Payment of the said Duty accordingly to the Time of delivering up the said Plates to the said Commissioners or Officer; and such Duty shall be recoverable by the same Ways and Means as if such Licence had continued in force.

XVI. And be it enacted, That whenever any Person to whom any original Licence chargeable under this Act with the Duty of Five Pounds shall have been granted for or in respect of any Stage Carriage shall afterwards, and within the Term for which such Licence was granted, take any other Person into Partnership in the keeping, using, or employing of such Stage Carriage; and whenever, after the granting of any such original Licence as aforesaid to any Persons in Copartnership, and within the Period for which the same was granted, any Alteration shall take place in such Copartnership; and also whenever any Person to whom

any

Licences to be renewed yearly.

Mode of discontinuing Stage Carriage Licences.

Plates to be delivered up on the Expiration of Licences, or in default the Duty to continue to be payable.

Supplementary Stage Carriage Licences may be granted in certain Cases.

C. 120.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Such Supplementary Licence to be then the only Licence in force.

Duty to be payable by the Person named in the Licence;

and to be computed according to Terms of the Licence.

any such original Licence as aforesaid shall have been granted shall afterwards, and within the Period for which the same was granted, be desirous of increasing or decreasing the Number of Journies specified in such Licence to be performed or travelled by such Stage Carriage in the Day, Week, or Month, as the same may be specified in such Licence, or of altering the Route or Line of Road by which such Stage Carriage shall travel to or from the extreme Places from which and to which such Stage Carriage shall be authorized by such Licence to go or pass, or of altering such extreme Places by extending or shortening the Distance which such Stage Carriage shall be authorized to perform or travel on the same Line of Road, or of altering the Days of the Week on which such Stage Carriage shall be authorized to be used, or of increasing or decreasing the Number of Passengers to be conveyed by such Stage Carriage, either in the Whole or in the Inside or on or about the Outside thereof, then and in any of the several Cases aforesaid, upon the Surrender and Delivery of any such original Licence, or of any existing supplementary Licence which may have been taken out in lieu thereof, to the Commissioners of Stamps, or to the Officer by whom the same was granted, the said Commissioners or Officer shall grant to such Person or Copartnership of Persons a supplementary Licence, with any such Alterations or Variations as aforesaid, in lieu of the Licence so surrendered and delivered up, on Payment only of the Duty of One Shilling by this Act charged on such supplementary Licence; and in like Manner a supplementary Licence shall be granted and taken out from Time to Time as often as any of the several Cases aforesaid shall occur during the Period for which any such original Licence shall have been previously granted.

XVII. And be it enacted, That whenever any such supplementary Licence as aforesaid shall be granted in lieu of any pre-existing Licence, such pre-existing Licence shall thenceforth cease and determine, and such supplementary Licence shall be deemed to be the only Licence in force; and it shall not be necessary upon any Occasion to prove that any original Licence had been previously taken out for or in respect of the Stage Carriage for which such supplementary Licence shall have been granted, nor shall the Circumstances under which such supplementary Licence was issued be required to be proved, nor the Regularity of the issuing thereof in any Manner questioned.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That the Duty payable in respect of any licensed Stage Carriage shall be payable and paid to His Majesty by the Person or Persons named as the Proprietor or Proprietors in the Licence relating to such Stage Carriage; and in all Actions, Informations, and other Proceedings for the Recovery of any such Duty each and every of the said Proprietors severally, or the whole, or any Two or more of them jointly, may be charged with and prosecuted for the same; and the Amount of the Rate of Duty imposed by this Act upon or in respect of any such Carriage, computed upon the Number of Miles which such Carriage shall be authorized by such Licence to travel in the Day, Week, or Month, as the Case may be, or the Amount of the Composition specified in such Licence* computed

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 120.

699

puted upon the Time which shall have elapsed since the Date thereof, shall be deemed to be the Amount of Duty due and payable in respect of such Carriage (unless the same shall be proved to have been paid); and Proof of the granting of any such Licence, and of the Terms thereof, shall in all Cases be sufficient Evidence of the Duty due, without any Evidence being given of the actual keeping, using, or employing of the Stage Carriage in such Licence mentioned by the Person named therein as the Person to whom the same shall have been granted: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to exonerate from Liability to the Payment of such Duty any Proprietor whose Name may not be inserted in such Licence, but that every such Proprietor may be charged with and prosecuted for such Duty either alone or jointly with any One or more other Proprietor or Proprietors, whether named in such Licence or not.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Stamps, or their proper Officer, to examine into all the Circumstances relative to the Number of Journies or the Number of Miles actually performed or travelled by any Stage Carriage, and in Cases where the same shall be less than the Number expressed in the Licence relating to such Carriage, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or their said Officer, to make such Allowances of Duty as to them respectively shall appear to be just and proper to the Person licensed in respect of such Carriage, upon Proof being made to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners or Officer as to the Number of Journies or Miles actually performed or travelled by such Carriage; and it shall also be lawful for the said Commissioners to make such Regulations with respect to such Carriages, where any such Allowance shall be applied for, as they shall from Time to Time deem necessary or expedient, as well for effectually securing the Duties on such Carriages as for doing Justice to the Owners or Proprietors thereof, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and if any Person licensed as aforesaid, in any Account to be rendered by him in pursuance of this Act, or of any such Regulations as aforesaid, of the Number of Journies or Miles actually performed or travelled by any Stage Carriage, shall neglect or omit to insert therein any Journey actually performed by such Carriage, or shall insert therein a less Number of Miles than shall have been actually travelled by such Carriage during the Period for which such Account shall be rendered, he shall forfeit Fifty Pounds.

XX. And be it enacted, That the Person to whom any such Licence as aforesaid shall have been granted at the Head Office for Stamps, or some Person on his Behalf, shall, on the First Monday in every Calendar Month, between the Hours of Ten in the Morning and Three in the Afternoon, unless the same be a Holiday, and then on the next Day not being a Holiday, pay the whole of the Duty charged and accrued due under or by virtue of such Licence within the Four or Five preceding Weeks, as the Case may be, in respect of the Stage Carriage mentioned in such Licence, to the Receiver General of Stamp Duties, or to the proper Officer for the Time being for receiving Stage Carriage Duties at the said Head Office; and that the Person to

whom

Evidence of the Duty due.

Commissioners may make Allowance for the Duties on Journies not performed by any licensed Stage Carriage.

Penalty for rendering a false Account of the Journies performed by any Stage Carriage, 501.

When and where Stage Carriage Duties shall be paid.

TOO

C. 120.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Stage Carriage Duties not exceeding Fifty Pounds recoverable by Distress.

Duties shall be paid in respect of unlicensed Stage Carriages, over and above the Penalty.

whom any such Licence as aforesaid shall have been granted at any other Place than the said Head Office, or some Person on his Behalf, shall at the Periods aforesaid pay the whole of the Duty charged and accrued due as aforesaid, under or by virtue of such last-mentioned Licence, to the Person by whom such Licence shall have been granted, or to such other Person as the Commissioners of Stamps shall appoint or authorize to receive the same.

XXI. And be it enacted, That if any Person to whom any Licence shall be granted under the Provisions of this Act to keep, use, or employ any Stage Carriage shall make default in Payment of any Sum of Money not exceeding in Amount the Sum of Fifty Pounds, which shall become due or payable in respect of such Licence, at the Time and in the Manner by this Act appointed for Payment thereof, it shall be lawful for any Two of the Commissioners of Stamps to grant a Warrant to any Constable or other Peace Officer, or to any Officer of Stamp Duties, or other Person named in such Warrant, directing him to distrain every such Person so making default as aforesaid by his Goods and Chattels, and also to seize and take the Carriages, Horses, Harness, and other Articles and Things by this Act made subject and liable to such Duty, for the Amount of the Duty so due or payable as aforesaid, and of all the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident or relating to the taking and keeping of such Distress; and it shall be lawful for such Constable, or for any such Officer or other Person as aforesaid, to make such Distress and Seizure accordingly, and the Distress so taken to detain and keep for the Space of Five Days, at the Costs and Charges of the Person distrained; and if the Amount of such Duty, and of all the Costs, Charges, and Expences aforesaid, shall not be paid within such Space of Five Days, then such Constable or Officer or other Person shall cause the Goods and Chattels, Carriages, Horses, Harness, and other Tilings so seized or taken, to be sold in the Manner directed by this Act, and shall render the Overplus, if any, of the Money arising by the Sale thereof, after deducting and retaining the Amount of such Duty, and all the Costs, Charges, and Expences aforesaid, as well as the Charges and Expences of the Sale, to the Person so distrained, or to the Owner of the Carriages, Horses, Harness, or other Things so seized and taken as aforesaid; and for the Purpose of taking such Distress it shall be lawful for such Constable or other Peace Officer, or for such Officer of Stamp Duties, or other Person named in such Warrant, in the Presence of any Constable or other Peace Officer, where any Refusal or Resistance shall be made, to break open in the Daytime any House, Building, or other Place where any such Carriages, Horses, Harness, or other Articles or Things, or any Goods or Chattels, to be seized or taken under such Warrant as aforesaid, shall be.

XXII. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall keep, use, or employ any Stage Carriage without having such Licence as by this Act is required, such Person shall, over and above any Penalty which may be incurred under this Act, be accountable to His Majesty for the same Duty as such Person would have been chargeable with and liable to pay for or in respect of such

Carriage,

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV.

701

C. 120.

Carriage, in case such Person had obtained a proper Licence for the same under this Act, for the particular Journey, Distance, or Number of Miles, and for the Number of Journies in the Day, Week, or Month, and for the Number of Passengers which such Person shall at any Time have advertized or otherwise notified or expressed that such Carriage was intended or had been or was to be employed to go or carry respectively, or which such Carriage shall actually have gone or carried respectively, at any One Period during which such Carriage shall have been kept or used, at the Election of the said Commissioners; and that every Person so keeping, using, or employing such Carriage shall be chargeable with such Duty for the same from the Time when such Carriage was first kept or used without such Licence as aforesaid down to the Time when any Licence shall be taken out for the same by such Person, or to the Time when the Use thereof shall be absolutely discontinued, and also with the Duty which would have been payable for the proper Licence which such Person ought to have taken out in respect of such Carriage as aforesaid.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person licensed in respect of any Stage Carriage to use, have, or keep more than One Pair of Plates under or by virtue of any One Licence, but that for every Pair of Plates there shall be a separate and distinct Licence.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That whenever the Number or Device on any Plate or Plates shall become obliterated or defaced, so that the same shall not be distinctly visible and legible, and also whenever any Plate or Plates shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Stamps to have been lost or mislaid, the Person to whom the Licence relating to any such Plate or Plates shall have been granted shall surrender and deliver up such of the said Plates as he shall have in his Possession, and shall produce such Licence to the said Commissioners or to their proper Officer, and such Person shall then be entitled to have new Plates delivered to him in lieu of the Plates so delivered up or lost or mislaid, upon Payment, for the Use of His Majesty, of any Sum, in the Discretion of the said Commissioners, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Shillings for each Pair of Plates; and where the Number on such new Plates shall be different from the Number on such Plates so delivered up or lost or mislaid, the said Commissioners or Officer shall indorse and sign upon the Licence a Memorandum of the issuing of such new Plates in lieu of the Plates in such Licence mentioned: Provided always, that if any such Plate or Plates which shall have been proved as aforesaid, or represented to have been lost or mislaid, shall afterwards be found, the same shall forthwith be delivered up to the said Commissioners; and if any Person in or into whose Possession or Power any such Plate or Plates as last aforesaid shall be or come shall refuse or neglect, for the Space of Five Days, to deliver up the same to the said Commissioners, he shall forfeit Twenty Pounds.

XXV. And be it enacted, That whenever, in the Opinion of the Commissioners of Stamps or their proper Officer, it shall be expedient to recall any Plates for the Purpose of changing the same

A separate Licence required for every Pair of Plates.

New Plates to be delivered in lieu of defaced or lost Plates.

Commissioners may recall and change Plates.

C. 120.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

In what Manner Plates are to be placed upon Stage Carriages.

Penalty for keeping, using, &c. any Stage Carriage without a Licence, or without Plates, or with recalled Plates.

same for any other Plates, and such Commissioners or Officer shall give Notice to the Person or to any One of the Persons to whom the Licence relating to such Plates shall have been granted that the said Commissioners or Officer do or doth by such Notice recall such Plates, the Person to whom such Licence shall have been granted shall, within One Week after such Notice, deliver up such Plates, and produce the Licence relating to the same, to the said Commissioners or their proper Officer, and shall also apply to the said Commissioners or such Officer for new Plates, and thereupon the said Commissioners or such Officer shall deliver to the Person so applying for the same new Plates, in lieu of the Plates so as aforesaid recalled; and where the Number on such new Plates shall be different from the Number on such recalled Plates the said Commissioners or Officer shall endorse and sign upon the Licence a Memorandum of the Surrender of the Plates in such Licence mentioned, and of the granting of such new Plates in lieu thereof, and from thenceforth such Licence shall be deemed to relate to such new Plates in the same Manner as if the Number thereof had been originally inserted in the Body ot such Licence.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That the Plates by this Act required to be fixed upon every Stage Carriage shall be fixed, One on each Side of such Carriage, upon the upper Fore Quarter at the lower Angle adjoining to the Door, or if there be no upper Fore Quarter, then on the centre Panel of each Door in the Side of such Carriage, or if there be a Door only in One Side of such Carriage, then One of such Plates shall be fixed upon the centre Panel of that Door, and the other upon some conspicuous Part of the opposite Side of such Carriage, or if there be no Door in either Side of such Carriage, then One of such Plates shall be fixed upon some conspicuous Part of each Side of such Carriage; and if it shall happen that the Commissioners of Stamps, or their proper Officer, shall be dis-satisfied with the Position of any Plate upon any such Carriage, and shall direct such Plate to be fixed upon some other conspicuous Part of such Carriage, such Plate shall be fixed accordingly upon such Carriage in compliance with such Direction.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall keep, use, or employ, or shall be concerned as Proprietor or Part Proprietor in the keeping, using, or employing of any Stage Carriage, without having a Licence in force so to do granted to him under this Act, or if any Person, whether he shall have any such Licence or not, shall keep, use, or employ any Stage Carriage, such Carriage not having placed and fixed thereupon and in the Manner directed by this Act the numbered Plates required by this Act to be fixed on Stage Carriages, or having thereupon any such Plate as aforesaid the Number or Device whereon shall be in any Manner obliterated, defaced, or obscured, so that the same shall not be distinctly visible and legible, or if any Person to whom any such Licence shall have been granted shall, for the Space of One Week after Notice in manner by this Act directed to be given to such Person that the Plates to which such Licence shall relate have been recalled, neglect or refuse to deliver up the Plates mentioned in such Notice, according to the Terms

thereof,

* 70S

A.D. 1832. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. c. 120.

thereof, every Person so offending in any of the several Cases aforesaid shall forfeit Twenty Pounds.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That if any Person to whom any Licence shall have been granted in respect of any Stage Carriage shall permit or suffer such Carriage to perform a greater Number of Journies or to travel a greater Number of Miles than shall be mentioned in or allowed by such Licence, or to be used on any other Day or for the performing of any other Journey than shall be mentioned or allowed in or by such Licence, or shall fix or place upon such Carriage any Plate having a Number different from the Number mentioned in or authorized by the Licence in force at the Time of using such Carriage, such Person shall be deemed to be a Person keeping, using, and employing a Stage Carriage without having a Licence in force so to do, and shall accordingly be subject and liable to the Penalty of Twenty Pounds by this Act imposed in that Behalf; and in all Actions, Informations, or other Proceedings against such Person for the Recovery of such Penalty in any of the Cases aforesaid it shall be sufficient to charge or allege that such Person did keep, use, and employ a Stage Carriage without having a Licence in force so to do granted to him under this Act, and it shall not be necessary further or otherwise to state or describe any such Offence, nor to prove that such Carriage was used or employed for the Conveyance of Passengers at separate Fares.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That whenever any Person to whom any Licence shall have been granted for or in respect of any Stage Carriage shall die, or become bankrupt or insolvent, during the Existence of such Licence, it shall be lawful for his Executor, Administrator, or Assignee, or Trustee, to keep, use, and employ such Stage Carriage according to the Terms of such Licence for the Space of Thirty Days next after the Death, Bankruptcy, or Insolvency of the Person to whom such Licence was granted, without being liable for so doing to the Penalty by this Act imposed on any Person who shall keep, use, or employ any Stage Carriage without having a Licence in force so to do: Provided always, that such Executor, Administrator, Assignee, or Trustee shall be liable to and chargeable with the Payment of the Duty which shall accrue or become payable in respect of such Stage Carriage from the Time of such Death, Bankruptcy, or Insolvency, and shall also be liable to all other the Provisions and Regulations of this Act in the same Manner as if such Executor, Administrator, Assignee, or Trustee had duly obtained a Licence in his own Name for the keeping, using, and employing of such Stage Carriage.

XXX. And be it enacted, That if any Carriage, whether licensed as a Stage Carriage or not, shall be found upon or near to any public Highway, and any Person shall ply for Passengers to be conveyed by such Carriage for Hire at separate Fares, such Carriage not having placed and fixed thereupon the numbered Plates required by this Act to be fixed on Stage Carriages, the Driver of such Carriage, or the Person having the Care thereof, or plying for Passengers to be conveyed thereby, such Driver or Person not being the Owner of such Carriage, shall forfeit Ten Pounds, and if he shall be the Owner of such Carriage he shall forfeit

Persons using Stage Carriages contrary to their Licences, or with improper Plates, shall be deemed to be using them without Licences.

Representatives of Persons licensed may use Stage Carriages for SO Days without further Licence.

Penalty for plying for Hire with Carriages not having Plates thereon.

C. 120.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Offenders may be apprehended and conveyed before a Justice of the Peace.

Carriages may !>e driven to the Greenyard or other Place for safe Custody.

Licensed Stage Carriages exempt from Provisions of any Act relating to Hackney Carriages.

forfeit Twenty Pounds; and moreover it shall be lawful for any Constable or other Peace Officer, or any Officer of Stamp Duties, without any Warrant for that Purpose, to apprehend such Driver or other Person having the Care of such Carriage or plying for Passengers to be conveyed thereby, and to carry and convey him before any Justice of the Peace having Jurisdiction where the Offence shall be committed, to be dealt with as herein-after mentioned; and it shall also be lawful for such Constable or other Peace Officer, or Officer of Stamp Duties, to drive or take the Carriage not having such Plates, with the Horse or Horses harnessed thereto or drawing the same, or to cause the same to be driven or taken, to some public Greenyard, or some Livery Stables or other Place of Safety, and there to lodge the same for safe Custody until the Determination of such Justice shall be known; and the Justice before whom such Driver or other Person shall be brought shall hear and determine such Offence; and in case the Person convicted of any such Offence shall be the Owner of any such Carriage, and if the said Penalty of Twenty Pounds, together with all Costs and Expences, and the Expences of taking such Carriage and Horse or Horses to and keeping the same at such Greenyard, Stables, or other Place, shall not be fully paid or discharged within Five Days after such Conviction, such Carriage and Horse or Horses, together with the Harness used therewith, shall be sold by Order under the Hand of such Justice, and the Surplus (if any) of the Produce of such Sale, after deducting therefrom the said Penalty, Costs, and Expences, and also the Expences of such Sale, shall be rendered to such Owner; but in case the Person so convicted shall not be the Owner of such Carriage, then on Default being made in Payment of the said Penalty of Ten Pounds such Justice shall commit the Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the Space of Three Calendar Months, unless such last-mentioned Penalty shall be sooner paid; and such Justice shall give an Order for the delivering up of the Carriage, and Horse or Horses, and Harness, to the Owner thereof, on his paying the Expences of taking and keeping the same; and in case of his Refusal to pay such Expences forthwith, then such Carriage, and Horse or Horses, and Harness, or a sufficient Part thereof to defray such Expences, shall be sold by Order under the Hand of such Justice; and after Payment thereout of all such Expences as aforesaid, together with the Expences of such Sale, the Surplus, if any, of the Produce of such Sale, together with such Part of the Carriage, and Horse or Horses, and Harness, as shall remain unsold, shall be rendered and restored to the Owner.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for the Proprietor or Driver of any Stage Carriage duly licensed by the Commissioners of Stamps, and having thereon the proper numbered Plates or Plate required by Law to be placed on Stage Carriages, or for any other Person, to stand or ply with such Carriage for Passengers to be carried for Hire, and to take up, convey, and set down such Passengers with or from such Carriage at any Place either within the Distance of Five Miles from the General Post Office in the City of London or elsewhere, any thing contained in an Act passed in the last Session

ie

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 120.

705

Session of Parliament, for amending the Laws relating to Hackney Carriages, notwithstanding; provided that for this Purpose such Stage Carriage shall not deviate from the proper Route or Line of Road, if any shall be specified or described in the Licence relating to such Stage Carriage, or shall not go beyond the Limits allowed by such Licence.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall forge or counterfeit, or shall cause or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or resembled, any numbered Plate directed to be provided, or which shall have been provided, made, or used, in pursuance of this Act or of any former Act relating to the Duties payable in respect of Stage Carriages, or shall wilfully fix or place, or shall cause or permit or suffer to be fixed or placed, upon any Stage Carriage or other Carriage, any such forged or counterfeited Plate, or if any Person shall sell or exchange or expose to Sale or utter any such forged or counterfeited Plate, or if any Person shall knowingly and without lawful Excuse (the Proof whereof shall lie on the Person accused) have or be possessed of any such forged or counterfeited Plate, knowing such Plate to be forged or counterfeited, every Person so offending, and every Person knowingly and wilfully aiding, abetting, or assisting any Person in committing any such Offence as aforesaid, shall be adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor, and being thereof convicted shall be liable to be punished by Fine or Imprisonment, or by both, such Imprisonment to be in the Common Gaol or House of Correction, and either with or without hard Labour, as the Court shall think fit; and in Scotland, whenever any Person shall so offend, he shall be liable to be punished in like Manner; and it shall be lawful for any Officer of Stamp Duties, or for any Constable or other Peace Officer, or any Toll-gate Keeper, to seize and take away any such Plate, in order that the same may be produced in Evidence against such Offender, or be disposed of as the Commissioners of Stamps shall think proper.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That if after the Expiration or Discontinuance of any Licence granted to any Person under any former Act relating to Stage Carriages, or under this Act, such Person shall use, detain, or have in his Possession the numbered Plate or Plates mentioned in such Licence, or shall neglect to deliver the same to the Commissioners of Stamps or to their proper Officer, or if any Person shall use or detain or have in his Possession any numbered Plate or Plates without having a Licence in force granted to him under any such Act as aforesaid, and relating to such Plate or Plates, or if any Person shall use or detain or have in his Possession any numbered Plate or Plates which shall have been recalled by the Commissioners of Stamps or their proper Officer, whether the Licence relating thereto shall be in force or not, it shall be lawful for any Officer of Stamp Duties, or for any Constable or other Peace Officer, or for any Toll-gate Keeper, to seize and take away any such Plate or Plates wheresoever the same may be found, in order to deliver the same to the said Commissioners; and for the Purpose of seizing and taking away any such Plate or Plates, or any forged or counterfeited Plate or Plates, it shall be lawful for such Officer of Stamp Duties, Constable, Peace Officer, or Toll-gate

2k 3 Gul. IV. Z z Keeper,

Forging Stage Carriage Plates, &c. a Misdemeanor,

Plates detained after the Expiration of Licences, or used by Persons not having Licences in force, or recalled Plates, may be seized *

706

C. 120.

2' & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Penalty for obstructing Officers seizing such Plates, 20/.

Banalty for carrying a greater Number of Passengers than authorized by Licence, 5L for each Passenger above Number.

Two Children under Seven Years old reckoned as One Passenger.

Particulars to be painted on Stage Carriages.

Penalty for neglecting to paint such Particulars, £/.

Keeper, to stop any Stage Carriage or other Carriage upon which the same may be placed; and any Person who shall molest, obstruct, or binder such Officer of Stamp Duties, Constable, Peace Officer, or Toll-gate Keeper in seizing or endeavouring to seize or take away any such Plate or Plates as aforesaid shall forfeit Twenty Pounds.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That if the Number of Passengers at any One Time conveyed in, upon, or about any licensed Stage Carriage shall be greater in the whole than the Number of Passengers which the Licence granted in respect of such Carriage shall authorize or allow to be conveyed thereby, or if the Number of Passengers at any One Time conveyed in the Inside of such Stage Carriage, or upon or about the Outside thereof, shall be greater respectively than the greatest Number of Inside or Outside Passengers respectively specified in or upon such Licence and allowed thereby, the Person to whom such Licence shall have been granted shall forfeit Five Pounds for every Passenger so conveyed above the Number allowed by such Licence to be conveyed in the whole, or in the Inside, or on or about the Outside of such Carriage respectively; and the Driver of such Stage Carriage at the Time when such Offence shall be committed shall also forfeit Five Pounds.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Child or Children in the Lap shall be counted as a Passenger or Passengers under any of the Clauses or Provisions of this Act or of the Schedule (A.) hereto annexed; and that no Child not in the Lap, but under Seven Years of Age, shall be so counted as aforesaid, unless there shall be more than One such Child; and if there shall be more than One such Child not in the Lap, but under Seven Years of Age, then Two of such Children shall be accounted equal to One adult Person, and considered as One Passenger, and so on in the same Proportion *

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That no Stage Carriage shall be used or employed unless nor until there shall be truly painted in Words at Length, and in legible and conspicuous Letters One Inch at the least in Height, and of a proper and proportionate Breadth, and in a Colour different from and opposite to the Colour of the Ground on which such Letters shall be painted, upon some conspicuous Part of each Side of such Carriage, and clear of the Wheel or Wheels thereof, so that the same shall be at all Times plainly and distinctly visible and legible, the Christian Name and Surname of the Proprietor or of One of the Proprietors of such Carriage, and also the Names of the extreme Places from which and to which such Carriage shall be licensed to travel or go; and there shall also be painted in manner aforesaid, upon some conspicuous Place on the Back of such Stage Carriage, and so that the same shall be at all Times plainly and distinctly visible and legible, the greatest Number of Passengers allowed to be carried in or by such Carriage, and also when such Carriage shall be licensed to carry both Inside and Outside Passengers, the greatest Number of Passengers allowed to be taken in the Inside and on the Outside thereof respectively; and if any Person shall use or employ any Stage Carriage upon which all such Particulars as aforesaid shall not be truly painted in such

legible

C. 120.

70 r

legible and conspicuous Letters and in manner aforesaid, or in case such Particulars or any of them shall be partially obliterated or defaced from or upon any such Carriage, then if any such Person shall neglect to paint or cause to he painted again, in manner aforesaid, every Particular so obliterated or defaced, such Person so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid shall forfeit Five Pounds.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That no Outside Passenger nor any Luggage shall be carried on the Top or Roof of any Stage Carriage the Top or Roof of which from the Ground shall be more than Eight Feet Nine Inches, or the bearing of which on the Ground shall be less than Four Feet Six Inches from the Centre of the Track of the right or off Wheel to the Centre of the Track of the left or near Wheel; and if any Outside Passenger or Luggage shall be carried on any such Carriage in any Manner contrary to the Directions aforesaid, the Driver of such Carriage at the Time when such Offence shall be committed shall forfeit Five Pounds.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any licensed Stage Carriage with Four Wheels or more, the Top or Roof of which shall not be more than Eight Feet Nine Inches from the Ground, and the bearing of which on the Ground shall not be less than Four Feet Six Inches from the Centre of the Track of the right or off Wheel to the Centre of the Track of the left or near Wheel, and drawn by not less than Four Horses, shall be allowed to carry Ten Outside Passengers and no more; and that every such Carriage as last aforesaid, when drawn by Two or Three Horses only, and licensed to carry not less than Four Inside Passengers, shall be allowed to carry Six Outside Passengers, and no more, and when licensed to carry not less than Six Inside Passengers, shall be allowed to carry Seven Outside Passengers, and no more; and such several Numbers of Outside Passengers shall be reckoned exclusive of the Driver, and also of the Conductor or Guard, if there shall be a Conductor or Guard of such Carriage; and if any greater Number of Outside Passengers shall be carried by any Stage Carriage than as herein-before specified and allowed, the Driver thereof at the Time when such Offence shall be committed shall forfeit Five Pounds.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That in Cases in which Outside Passengers are by this Act allowed to be carried by any such Stage Carriage as aforesaid not more than One of such Passengers shall be allowed to sit or be carried upon the Box with the Driver, and that not more than Three of such Passengers shall be allowed to sit or be carried on the Front of the Roof, nor more than Three other of such Passengers on the Back of the Roof of such Carriage, and that the Remainder of such Passengers, if there be any more than Seven, shall be placed on some other safe and convenient Seat on the hind Part of such Carriage; and if any more than One Person besides the Driver shall sit or be carried upon the Box of such Carriage the Driver of such Carriage at the Time when the Offence shall be committed shall forfeit Five Pounds.

Certain Stage Carriages shall not take Outside Passengers or Luggage.

Penalty, 51.

Certain Stage Carriages may carry certain Numbers of Outside Passengers.

Penalty for carrying a greater Number, 51.

Distribution of Outside Passengers,

Penalty, 51,

T08

C. 120.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Two additional Outside Passengers allowed where the Seats on the Roof are of a certain Length, and no Luggage is carried on the Roof.

Penalty for carrying more Passengers on Roof than are allowed by this Act, 51.

Stage Carriages shall have a separate Division for Luggage on the Roof.

Penalty, 51.

Luggage on the Top of any Stage Carriage shall not exceed the Height herein specified.

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Front and the Back of the Roof of any Stage Carriage on which Outside Passengers are allowed to be carried as aforesaid, or the Seats placed upon the Front and Back of such Roof for the Purpose of carrying Outside Passengers, shall respectively be not less than Five Feet in Length from One Side to the other of such Carriage, and if there shall not be any Luggage carried upon the Top or Roof of such Carriage exceeding Nine Feet and Nine Inches in Height from the Ground, measuring to the highest Point of any Part of such Luggage when placed upon the Top or Roof of such Carriage, and if the Top of the Boot (if any) behind the Body of such Carriage, when empty, shall not be more than Six Feet from the Ground, Two additional Outside Passengers shall be allowed to be carried by such Carriage; and in such Case Four Passengers, and no more, shall be allowed to sit on the Front, and Four Passengers, and no more, upon the Back of the Roof of such Carriage, or on the Seats respectively placed thereupon as aforesaid, provided that in no Case a greater Number of Passengers be carried on the Outside of any Stage Carriage than the Licence relating thereto shall authorize to be carried on the Outside thereof.

XLI. And be it enacted, That if Four or more Passengers shall be carried on the front Part or on the back Part of the Roof of any Stage Carriage, such front Part or back Part being less than Five Feet in Length, or on any Seat placed upon the front Part or on the back Part of the Roof of such Carriage for the Purpose of carrying Outside Passengers, such Seat being less than Five Feet in Length, or if Four Passengers shall be carried on the front Part or on the back Part of the Roof ctf any Stage Carriage at the same Time with any Luggage on the Top or Roof of such Carriage exceeding Nine Feet and Nine Inches in Height from the Ground, or if in any Case more than Four Passengers shall be carried on the front Part or on the back Part of the Roof of any Stage Carriage, the Driver of such Carriage at the Time when such Offence shall be committed shall forfeit Five Pounds.

XLII. And be it enacted, That no Stage Carriage intended to carry Luggage on the Top or Roof thereof shall be used or employed until a Division or Space shall have been made on the Top or Roof thereof allotted for such Luggage, distinctly separated from the other Part of the Top or Roof of such Carriage by some Railing or otherwise; and if any such Stage Carriage as aforesaid shall be used or employed before or until such Division or Space as aforesaid shall be made, or if any Luggage whatever shall be carried on the Top or Roof of any Stage Carriage not having such Division or Space as aforesaid, the Proprietor of such Carriage in either of the Cases aforesaid shall forfeit Five Pounds.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That no Luggage which shall be carried on the Top or Roof of any Stage Carriage drawn by Four or more Horses shall in any Case exceed Ten Feet and Nine Inches in Height from the Ground, nor shall any Luggage which shall be carried on the Top or Roof of any Stage Carriage

8 drawn

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 120.

709

drawn by Two or Three Horses only in any Case exceed Ten Feet and Three Inches in Height from the Ground, measuring to the highest Point of any Part of such Luggage when placed upon the Top or Roof of any such Carriages respectively; and if any such Luggage shall in either of the Cases aforesaid exceed the Height by this Act in that Behalf limited, the Driver of such Carriage at the Time when such Offence shall be committed shall forfeit Five Pounds.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person to sit or be carried upon any Luggage placed on the Roof of any Stage Carriage, nor upon that Part of the Roof allotted for Luggage; and if any Person shall sit or be carried upon any Luggage or upon that Part of the Roof allotted for the same, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, he shall forfeit Five Pounds, and the Driver of such Carriage at the Time when such Offence shall be committed shall also forfeit Five Pounds.

XLV. And be it enacted, That the Proprietor of any Stage Carriage and the Driver thereof shall, when thereunto respectively required by any Justice of the Peace, or by any Constable, or any Surveyor of any Highway or Turnpike Road, or by any Toll-gate Keeper, or any Officer of Stamp Duties, or by any Passenger travelling with such Carriage, permit and allow such Carriage and the Luggage thereon to be measured, and the Number of Passengers in, upon, or about such Carriage to be counted; and it shall be lawful for any Passenger to require the Driver of any Stage Carriage to stop the same at any Toll Gate, and to require the Toll-gate Keeper at such Gate to count the Number of Passengers upon the Box, and in, upon, or about such Carriage, and to measure and ascertain the Height of the Luggage thereupon, and to sign a Memorandum in Writing of the Number of such Passengers in the Inside and on or about the Outside of such Carriage (distinguishing the Number on the Box) , and of the Height of such Luggage, and to deliver such Memorandum to the Person so requiring the Number of Passengers to be counted or the Height of the Luggage to be measured; and the Toll-gate Keeper at every such Gate shall provide and keep at such Gate a proper Measure for measuring the Height of any Stage Carriage and of the Luggage thereupon; and if any Proprietor of any Stage Carriage or the Driver thereof shall, when thereto respectively required as aforesaid, refuse to permit and allow such Carriage and the Luggage thereupon to be measured, or the Number of Inside or Outside Passengers to be counted, or if such Driver shall, on being so required as aforesaid, refuse or neglect to stop such Carriage at any Toll Gate for the Purpose aforesaid, such Proprietor or such Driver so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid shall forfeit Five Pounds; and if any Toll-gate Keeper shall neglect to provide and keep at any such Gate a proper Measure for the Purposes aforesaid, or shall, on being thereunto requested as aforesaid, refuse to count the Number of such Passengers, or to measure and ascertain the Height of such Luggage, or to sign a Memorandum in Writing of the Number of such Passengers or of the Height of such Luggage in manner herein-before directed, or to deliver such Memorandum so signed to the Person entitled to require the

Penalty, 5l

No Person to on Luggage placed on the Roof.

Penalty, 51.

Justices, Road Surveyors, Toll Collectors, &c. authorized to cause Stage Carriages and Luggage to be measured, and the Passengers to be counted.

Penalty on the Proprietor or Driver lor Refusal, 51.

Penalty on Toll-gate Keeper neglecting to provide a Measure, or refusing to count Passengers, or to measure Lug *, gage, &c. 51.

710

C. 120.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Enactments as to Plates, Inscriptions, &c. not to extend to certain Mail Coaches.

Penalty on Driver quitting the Box before a proper Person shall stand at the Horses Heads;

or permitting any Person to drive, or quitting the Box;

or concealing or misplacing Plates:

on Guard discharging Fire Arms unnecessarily;

or neglecting to take care of Luggage, frc

same, or shall sign or give any Memorandum in which any of the Particulars aforesaid shall not be truly set forth, every such Toll-gate Keeper so offending shall forfeit Five Pounds: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for any One Passenger to require the Driver of any Stage Carriage to stop the same for any such Purpose as aforesaid more than once during any One Journey, unless after the counting of such Passengers or the measuring of such Luggage any additional Passenger or Passengers shall be taken up, into, or upon such Stage Carriage, or additional Luggage shall be placed on the Top or Roof thereof during the same Journey.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That none of the Regulations in this Act contained relating to the Plates to be fixed upon any Stage Carriage, or to any of the Particulars to be painted upon any Stage Carriage, or relating to the placing of Outside Passengers or the Luggage to be carried on the Roof of any Stage Carriage, shall extend to any Mail Coach employed in the Service of the General Post Office, built or constructed according to the Regulations of the Postmaster General, and carrying not more than Four Outside Passengers.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That if the Driver of any Stage Carriage drawn by Three or more Horses shall at any Place where such Carriage shall stop quit the Box of such Carriage, or the Horses drawing the same, without delivering the Reins into the Hands of some fit and proper Person, or before some fit and proper Person shall be placed and shall stand at the Heads of the Horses or some of them belonging thereto, and shall have the Command thereof; or if any Person so placed and standing at the Heads of such Horses shall leave such Horses before some other proper Person shall be placed and stand in like Manner and have the Command of such Horses, or before the Driver of such Stage Carriage shall have returned and seated himself upon the Box and taken the Reins; or if the Driver of any Stage Carriage shall permit any Passenger or any Person other than himself to drive the Horses drawing such Carriage; or if the Driver of any Stage Carriage shall quit the Box of such Carriage without reasonable Occasion, or for a longer Time than such Occasion shall absolutely require; or if the Driver of any Stage Carriage shall suffer any Plate or the Number on any Plate fixed or placed thereon pursuant to this Act to be in any Manner concealed from public View, or shall suffer any such Plate to be inverted, or so fixed or placed that the Number thereon shall not be plainly and distinctly legible; or if any Person travelling as Guard to any Stage Carriage shall, whilst the Horses are harnessed or in the Act of being harnessed thereto, and whilst any Passenger shall be in, upon, or about such Carriage, discharge any Fire Arms, except for the necessary Defence of such Carriage or of the Passengers or Luggage being in or about the same; or if the Driver or Conductor or Guard of any Stage Carriage shall neglect to take due Care of any Luggage whatsoever carried or to be carried by such Carriage; or if any such Driver or Conductor or Guard shall demand or receive for the Fare of any Passenger more than the Sum which such Passenger shall be liable to pay, or more than the Money properly chargeable

C. 120.

711

able for the Carriage of any Luggage; or if any such Driver or or neglecting Conductor or Guard shall, when thereto required, neglect or to account to refuse faithfully to account to his Employer for all Monies his Employer; received by him in respect of any Passenger or any Luggage which shall be carried by such Carriage; or if any such Driver or assaulting or or Conductor or Guard shall assault or use abusive or insulting using abusive Language to any Person travelling or about to travel or having ^nip^Sn° travelled as a Passenger with or by such Carriage, or to any any erson' Person accompanying or attending upon any such Passenger in coming to or going from any such Carriage, every such Offender in any of the several Cases aforesaid shall forfeit Five Pounds.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That if the Driver or Conductor Penalty on the or Guard of any Stage Carriage, or any other Person having the Driveror Guard Care thereof, or employed in, upon, or about such Carriage, shall, endangering through Intoxication or Negligence, or by wanton and furious p^"^ers or driving, or by or through any other Misconduct, endanger the through Neg-Safety of any Passenger or other Person, or shall injure or en- ligence, danger the Property of the Owner or Proprietor of such Stage Carriage or of any other Person, every such Person so offending shall forfeit Five Pounds.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That whenever it shall happen that Owners to be the Driver or Conductor or Guard of any Stage Carriage shall ll.aW? Penal-have committed any Offence against this Act for the Commission D^r OT whereof any Penalty is by this Act imposed upon such Driver or Guard is not Conductor or Guard, and not upon the Proprietor of such Car- known or can-riage, and such Driver or Conductor or Guard shall not be known, not be found, or being known cannot be found, then the Proprietor of such Carriage shall be liable to every such Penalty as if he had been the Driver or Conductor or Guard of such Carriage at the Time when such Offence was committed: Provided always, that if any such Proprietor shall make out, to the Satisfaction of the Justice of the Peace before whom any Complaint or Information shall be heard, by sufficient Evidence, not resting on his own Testimony, that the Offence was committed by such Driver or Conductor or Guard without the Privity or Knowledge of such Proprietor, and that no Profit, Advantage, or Benefit, either directly or indirectly, has accrued or can accrue to such Proprietor therefrom, and that he has used his Endeavour to find out such Driver or Conductor or Guard, and given all reasonable Information in answer to Inquiries respecting him, such Justice shall discharge the Proprietor from such Penalty, and shall levy the same upon such Driver or Conductor or Guard when found.

L. And be it enacted, That the Proprietor or Company of Pro- Proprietors of prietors of every Railway in Great Britain along which any Pas- Jtai, wa^s to sengers shall, after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight AcMuntsFof the hundred and thirty-two, be conveyed for Hire in or upon any Passengers con-Carriage drawn or impelled by the Power of Steam, or other- veyed along wise, shall from Time to Time keep and cause to be entered the same, and in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and which shall P*? Dut? at all Times be open for the Inspection and Examination of any chanrai thereon, authorized Officer of Stamp Duties, a just and true Account of the Number of Passengers which shall be conveyed daily for Hire in manner aforesaid along any such Railway or any Part thereof, and of the Number of Miles which such Passengers shall

respec-

712

C. 120.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Proprietors of Railways to give Security to keep and render such Accounts and pay Duty.

respectively be so conveyed; and every such Proprietor or Company shall, within Five Days next after the first Monday in every Calendar Month, deliver to the Commissioners of Stamps, or to such Officer as they shall authorize to receive the same, a true Copy of the Account by this Act directed to be kept, so far as the same shall relate to the Passengers conveyed as aforesaid, during the preceding Four or Five Weeks (as the Case may be) , that is to say, from the first Monday in the preceding Month up to and including the first Monday of the Month in which such Account shall be rendered; and to and with every such Account there shall be annexed and delivered an Affidavit or Affirmation (to be taken before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace) of the Secretary, Chief Clerk, or Accountant of such Proprietor or Company, stating that the Deponent or Affirmant has examined and checked such Account with the Books of the said Proprietor or Company, and that to the best of the Knowledge, Information, and Belief of such Deponent or Affirmant such Account doth contain and is a true and faithful Account of the several Matters and Things required by this Act; and such Proprietor or Company shall at the Time of delivering every such Account pay or cause to be paid to the Receiver General of Stamp Duties, or to the Officer authorized by the said Commissioners to receive the same for the Use of His Majesty, the Duties chargeable under this Act for or in respect of the Passengers so conveyed according to such Account. x

LI. And be it enacted, That the Proprietor or Company of Proprietors of every such Railway shall, before any Passengers shall be conveyed along the same in manner aforesaid, after the Tenth Day October One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, give Security by Bond to His Majesty, with a Condition that such Proprietor or Company shall from Time to Time keep and cause to be kept and rendered in the Manner directed by this Act the Accounts by this Act required to be kept and rendered by such Proprietor and Company respectively; and that such Proprietor or Company shall from Time to Time, upon every reasonable Request of any authorized Officer of Stamp Duties, produce and show to such Officer, and permit him to inspect and examine, all and every the Books and Book of such Proprietor or Company in which any such Account shall be contained or entered; and that such Proprietor or Company shall well and truly pay or cause to be paid for the Use of His Majesty, at the Times and in manner directed by this Act, all and every the Duties which shall from Time to Time become chargeable under this Act for or in respect of the Passengers which shall be so conveyed as aforesaid along such Railway; And that such Proprietor or Company shall well and truly do and perform and cause to be done and performed all such Acts, Matters, and Things as by this Act are required or directed to be done or performed by or on the Part or Behalf of such Proprietor or Company; and every such Bond shall be taken with sufficient Sureties to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Stamps, and in such Sum as the said Commissioners may judge to be the probable Amount of the Duties which may become payable by such Proprietor or Company under or by virtue of this Act during the

Period

C. 120.

719

Period of One Quarter of a Year; and every such Security shall be renewed from Time to Time whenever and so often as such Bond shall be forfeited, or as the Parties to the same or any of them shall die or become bankrupt or insolvent, or reside in Parts beyond the Seas, and also whenever and so often as the said Commissioners shall in their Discretion require the same to be renewed; and if any Proprietor or Company of Proprietors of any such Railway as aforesaid shall, after the said Tenth Day of October, convey or permit or suffer to be conveyed in manner aforesaid, along such Railway or any Part thereof, any Passengers for Hire, without having first given such Security by Bond to His Majesty in manner herein-before directed, or if any such Proprietor or Company shall refuse or neglect to renew such Security, whenever and so often as the same is or shall by or in pursuance of this Act be required to be renewed, such Proprietor or Company shall forfeit One hundred Pounds for every Day during the Period for which there shall be any Refusal, Neglect, or Default to give or renew such Security as aforesaid.

LII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful Treasury may for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any compound with Three or more of them, from Time to Time, where and whenever they shall deem it expedient, to compound and agree with the the Duties8 Proprietor or Company of Proprietors of any such Railway as chargeable on aforesaid for any Sum or Sums of Money less than the Amount Passengers con-of the Duties which may be or become chargeable under this veyed on such Act, to be paid by such Proprietor or Company in lieu of the Kftilways* said Duties for or in respect of the Passengers conveyed or to be conveyed along such Railway, during any Period of Time not exceeding the Term of Seven Years, and from Time to Time to renew any such Composition for any further Period, not exceeding the Term aforesaid, upon such Terms and Conditions as may be agreed upon by and between the said Lords Commissioners and such Proprietor or Company.

LIII. And for securing the Duties granted by this Act for and On what Horses in respect of Horses let for Hire, and on Licences to let such let for Hire Horses, be it enacted, That the said Duties on Horses let for Duties shall be Hire shall be deemed to attach and be payable upon or in respect arge of every Horse let for Hire, or used either as a Saddle Horse or for drawing any Carriage or Vehicle conveying any Person, and upon or in respect of every Horse used for drawing any Mourning Coach or Hearse, subject to the Exemption immediately hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say,) provided always, that the said Exemptions. Duties shall not be deemed to attach or be payable upon or in respect of any Horse used in drawing any public Stage Carriage duly licensed under the Authority of this Act, nor upon or in respect of any Horse used in drawing any Hackney Carriage which shall be duly licensed by the Commissioners of Stamps or their proper Officer, where the same shall be used to go no greater Distance than Ten Miles from the General Post Office in the City of London, provided such Hackney Carriage shall be regularly and constantly used for the Purpose of standing and plying for Hire in the public Streets or Roads within the Distance of Five Miles from the said General Post Office; nor shall the said

C. 120.

2 & 3"° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1832.

Mode of calculating Duty where specific Sums are charged for the Hire of Horses and Carriages; and where Horses kept beyond the Period for which they were hired.

As to granting Licences to let Horses for Hire.

Date and Continuance thereof.

Penalty on letting without Licence.

On Death, &c. of the licensed Postmaster, his Representatives may act under his Licence for Thirty Days.

said Duties be deemed to attach or be payable upon or in respect of any Horse used in drawing any Carriage kept or usually employed for the Conveyance of Fish.

LIV. And be it enacted, That in the Case of calculating the Amount of Duty to be paid when the same is expressed in Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed to be One Fifth Part of the Sum charged for the letting of any Horse for Hire, such One Fifth Part shall be calculated upon the whole Sum charged for and in respect of such Horse so let for Hire, and of the Carriage (if any) used therewith; and that in calculating the Amount of such Duty no fractional Part of any Sum of Money amounting to a less Sum than One Penny shall be charged; and that in all Cases the Inn, House, or other Place at which any Person shall be licensed to let Horses for Hire shall be deemed to be the Place of letting for Hire of every Horse by him so let for Hire; and that where any Horse which shall have been let for Hire at any Period of Time shall be retained and kept beyond the Expiration of the Time for which the same shall have been let for Hire, without a new Hiring, such Horse shall be deemed, so far as relates to the Duties imposed by this Act, to have been retained and kept upon a new Hiring, similar to that for which such Horse was originally let for Hire.

LV. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners of Stamps, or any Two or more of them, or any Collector or other Officer of Stamp Duties duly authorized by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, shall grant to any Person who shall apply for the same a Licence to let Horses for Hire; and all such Licences which shall be granted between the Thirty-first Day of January and the Sixteenth Day of March in any Year shall be dated on the First Day of February in that Year, and all such Licences which shall be granted at any other Time shall be dated on the Day on which the same shall be granted; and all such Licences respectively shall have Effect and continue in force from the Day of the Date thereof until the Thirty-first Day of January next ensuing, both inclusive, and no longer; and no Person required by this Act to be so licensed shall, unless he shall have obtained a proper Licence in that Behalf, let any Horse for Hire to be used in any of the Cases aforesaid, upon pain to forfeit for every Horse so let for Hire as aforesaid the Sum of Ten Pounds fand every Person so licensed shall be deemed a licensed Postmaster within the Meaning and for all the Purposes of this Act.

LVI. And be it enacted, That if any licensed Postmaster shall die, or become bankrupt or insolvent, it shall be lawful for his Executor or Administrator, Assignee or Trustee, or for any other Person succeeding to or taking possession of his Inn, House, or other Place, to let Horses for Hire in manner aforesaid until such Person shall procure such Licence as herein-before directed; and such Person shall not be liable to the Penalty imposed upon Persons letting Horses for Hire without being licensed in that Behalf, provided such Licence be taken out within Thirty Days next after the Death, Bankruptcy, or Insolvency of any such licensed Postmaster; and such Person shall be subject to the same Rules* Regulations* and Charges* and shall be liable to

account

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 120.

715

account for and pay the Duties hereby imposed, in like Manner as such deceased or bankrupt or insolvent Postmaster was subject and liable to.

LVII. And be it enacted, That every Collector of the Duties on Horses let for Hire shall from Time to Time, once in every Three Months, make out and deliver or transmit to the Commissioners of Stamps at the Head Office for Stamps in Westminster an Account or List, in Writing, of all the Licences granted by him as such Collector to any Person to let Horses for Hire, and -such List or Account shall specify the Christian Names and Surnames of the Persons licensed, with their Places of Residence, the Names of the Inns (if any) or other Places at which they shall be licensed to let Horses for Hire, and the Date of every such Licence; and any Collector who shall neglect or refuse to deliver or transmit any such Account or List in manner aforesaid shall forfeit One hundred Pounds.

LVIII. And be it enacted, That no licensed Postmaster shall by virtue of any such Licence be authorized to let any Horse for Hire at any Inn, House, or Place not specified in such Licence, and that for and in respect of every Inn, House, or other Place at which any such Postmaster shall let any Horse for Hire, a separate and distinct Licence shall be taken out by such Postmaster under this Act; and if any Person shall let any Horse for Hire at any Inn, House, or Place not named or described in some such Licence granted to him, he shall forfeit Twenty Pounds.

LIX. And be it enacted, That every licensed Postmaster shall cause his Christian Name and Surname, together with the Words " Licensed to let Horses for Hire," to be painted in legible Characters of at least Two Inches in Height, and of a proper and proportionate Breadth, upon a Sign or Board either hung cut from or fixed upon some conspicuous Part of the Front of the House, Stables, or Out-offices at every Inn, House, or Place at which such Postmaster may be so licensed, in order to denote that such Person is a Letter of Horses for Hire at such Inn, House, or Place; and any licensed Postmaster who shall let for Hire any Horse at any Inn, House, or Place without having such Sign or Board hung out or fixed as aforesaid shall forfeit Five Pounds.

LX. And be it enacted, That where any licensed Postmaster shall keep any Carriages to be furnished at the same Time with any Horse or Horses by him let for Hire by the Mile (except Hearses and Mourning Coaches) , such Postmaster shall, before any such Carriage shall be so furnished or used, cause all such Carriages to be numbered with progressive Numbers, beginning with Number One, and proceeding upwards to the highest Number of Carriages which such Postmaster shall so keep, and shall also paint, in One or more straight Line or Lines on the outside Pannel of each Door of every such Carriage which shall have a Door thereto, and on some conspicuous Part outwardly on each Side of every such Carriage which shall not have a Door thereto, the Christian Name and Surname of such Postmaster, and the Name of the City, Town, or Place where such Carriage shall be

Collectors of Duties shall transmit Accounts of Persons licensed by them to the Commissioners of Stamps.

Penalty, lOOf.

No Postmaster to let Horses at more than One Place by virtue of One Licence.

Penalty, 20I.

Licensed Postmaster to have " Licensed to let Horses for Hire" painted on a Board,

Penalty, 51

Carriages kept to be let with Horses shall be numbered, and have the Name, &c. of the Postmaster painted thereon.

C. 120.

2» & 8° GULIELMI IV.

A.P.1832.

Penalty on the Postmaster for Neglect, or for painting a false Name, &c. 101

Commissioners or their Officers to supply Postmasters and Toll-gate Keepers with proper Tickets.

Exchange Tickets to be adapted for the Insertion therein of certain Particulars.

kept, in legible Characters and Figures of a Colour different from and opposite to the Colour of the Ground whereon the same shall be painted, each Letter to he at least One Inch in Height, and each Figure to be at least One Inch and a Half in Height, and each of a proportionate Breadth; and such Postmaster shall continue such Letters and Figures on every such Carriage so long as such Carriage shall be kept for the Purpose aforesaid, varying the Numbers on such Carriages from Time to Time as Occasion shall require, so as to make the same correspond with the actual Number of such Carriages which he shall then keep; and if any licensed Postmaster shall neglect or omit to number or paint any such Carriage in manner aforesaid, or shall paint or cause to be painted thereon any false or fictitious Name or Place of Residence, or any higher Number than the greatest Number of such Carriages which he shall then keep, or if any licensed Postmaster shall keep Two or more such Carriages with the same Number painted thereon, or shall continue any Number upon any such Carriage after he shall cease to keep any Number of such Carriages corresponding therewith, he shall forfeit Ten Pounds.

LXI. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners of Stamps or their Officers shall supply all such licensed Postmasters with proper Tickets, and shall also supply all Toll-gate Keepers with proper Exchange Tickets and Check Tickets; and that the Tickets in respect of every Horse or of any Number of Horses let for Hire by the Mile shall be adapted for the Insertion of the Number of Miles and the Name of the Town or Place to which every such Horse shall be hired to go, and if to London, the Name of the Street, Square, or Place therein; and that the Tickets in respect of every Horse or of any Number of Horses let for Hire for any Period of Time, or in any other Manner than by the Mile, shall be adapted for the Insertion of the Names of the Places from and to which every such Horse shall be hired to go or to go to and return from, the Day or Number of Days for which every such Horse shall be let for Hire, and if such Hiring shall be for any Period of Time exceeding One Day, then for the Insertion of the Name and Place of Residence of the Person hiring such Horse, and the Day upon which the Hiring shall commence; and all such Tickets, in the several Cases aforesaid, shall also be adapted for the Insertion of the Number of Horses let for Hire, the Day of the Month, the Month and Year on which every such Horse shall be so let for Hire, and the Christian Name and Surname and Place of Residence of the Person letting the same; and the Ticket herein-after required to be given by any Toll-gate Keeper in exchange for any Ticket delivered to him shall be adapted for the Insertion of the Name of the County in which the Toll Gate at which such Exchange Ticket shall be given is situated, together with the Name of such Toll Gate, the Day of the Month, the Month and Year upon which the Hiring shall be or commence, the Number of Horses, the Day or Number of Days, the Names of the Places from and to which every such Horse shall be hired to go or to go to and return from, the Number of Miles, and the Names and Residences of the Persons

letting

717

A.D. 1832. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. c. 120.

letting and hiring every such Horse, as the said Particulars, or any of them, shall be expressed in the original Ticket.

LXII. And be it enacted, That every licensed Postmaster who shall let any Horse for Hire shall, by himself or his Servants, previous to the using of any such Horse, deliver to the Person hiring such Horse, or to the Postillion or Person to be employed to drive such Horse, a Ticket properly filled up with respect to all the Particulars herein-before mentioned which shall be applicable to the hiring of every such Horse; and any Postmaster who shall neglect or refuse to deliver such Ticket according to the Directions of this Act shall forfeit Ten Pounds.

LXIII. And be it enacted, That no Person hiring any Horse shall be compelled to pay for a greater Number of Miles for the Hire of such Horse than shall be expressed upon the Ticket by this Act directed to be delivered as aforesaid relating to the hiring of such Horse; and any licensed Postmaster who shall insert or cause or permit to be inserted in any such Ticket the Name of any other Town or Place than the Town or Place to which or to and from which the Horse shall be hired to go or to go and return, or a less Number of Miles than such Horse shall be actually hired to go, shall forfeit Ten Pounds; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Stamps, if they shall so think fit, after Conviction of such Offender, to refuse to grant to him any such Licence in future.

LXIV. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall receive from the Person letting any Horse for Hire any Ticket relating to the hiring of such Horse, shall deliver or cause to be delivered every such Ticket to the Toll-gate Keeper at the first Toll Gate through which such Horse shall pass or go; and every Person who shall deliver to any Toll-gate Keeper any such Ticket as aforesaid, relating to the hiring of any Horse let for Hire in any other Manner than by the Mile, shall ask for and receive from such Toll-gate Keeper the proper Exchange Ticket or Check Ticket containing the several Particulars herein-before mentioned, which shall be applicable to the hiring of any such Horse; and every such Exchange Ticket or Check Ticket shall, on Demand of the Toll-gate Keeper, be produced and shown at every Toll-gate through which such Horse shall afterwards pass or go during the Journey, or within the Time for which such Horse shall have been let for Hire.

LXV. And be it enacted, That the Keeper of every Toll Gate through which any Horse let for Hire shall first pass shall demand of the Person using such Horse, or of the Postillion or Person employed to drive the same, the Ticket issued for and in respect of such Horse; and every such Toll-gate Keeper shall deliver to the Person using any Horse let for Hire in any other Manner than by the Mile, or to the Postillion or Person employed to drive such Horse, an Exchange Ticket or Check Ticket, properly filled up with respect to the Particulars in that Behalf herein-before mentioned, and shall receive such original Ticket, and write his Name thereon, and file the same; and it shall be lawful for the Keeper of any Toll Gate to prevent any Horse let for Hire from passing through any such Gate, unless the proper

Ticket,

Postmaster shall deliver Tickets with Hire of Horses.

Penalty, 10/.

No Person shall pay Hire for more Miles than expressed in the Ticket.

Penalty for not filling up the Ticket truly.

Persons using hired Horses shall deliver the Tickets at the first Toll Gate and receive Check Tickets.

Toll-gate Keepers shall demand Tickets, and give Check Tickets in exchange.

Persons not to pass Gates with out producing Tickets, or pay-

C. 120.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

ing 1«. 9d. for every Horse.

Penalty on Toll-gate Keeper for neglecting to demand Tickets, or for other improper Conduct relative to such Tickets,

101

Persons neglecting to deliver Tickets, or falsely alleging hired Horses to be their own, to forfeit 10£

When and where Toll-gate Keepers shall deliver the Tickets received by them.

Penalty, 20*. per Ticket.

Ticket, Exchange Ticket, or Check Ticket required by this Act, containing and specifying the Particulars in that Behalf hereinbefore mentioned, which shall be applicable to the hiring of such Horse, shall be first delivered or produced and shown to such Toll-gate Keeper, or the Person using such Horse shall pay to such Toll-gate Keeper One Shilling and Nine-pence in respect of every such Horse, which Sum such Toll-gate Keeper is hereby authorized to demand and receive for his own Use and Benefit; and any Toll-gate Keeper who shall neglect to demand or shall refuse to receive any Ticket by this Act directed to be delivered to him, or who shall neglect or refuse to write his Name thereon, or to file the same when delivered, or who shall neglect or refuse to give any Ticket by this Act directed to be given by him in exchange, or who shall deliver any Exchange Ticket or Check Ticket without having first received the necessary Ticket containing the Particulars in that Behalf herein-before mentioned, or who shall make or suffer to be made any Alteration whatever in any Ticket after the same shall have come to his Possession, or who shall deliver any Ticket herein-before directed to be received and filed by him to any Person other than the Person duly authorized to receive the same, or who shall permit any Person to inspect any Ticket by him received and filed as aforesaid other than the Person duly authorized to receive the same, or who shall demand or receive, or shall agree to take or accept, any less Sum of Money than he is by this Act authorized to demand and receive and retain to his own Use, shall forfeit Ten Pounds.

LXVI. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall neglect or refuse to deliver at any Toll Gate any Ticket which he ought, according to the Provisions of this Act, to deliver at such Gate, or if any Person shall falsely allege that any Horse with which he shall pass any Toll Gate is not a hired Horse, in order to avoid being stopped, or to avoid the Payment of the Sum which the Toll-gate Keeper shall be entitled to demand in default of any such Ticket being delivered or shown, every Person so offending shall forfeit Ten Pounds.

LXVII. And be it enacted, That the Keeper of every Toll Gate within the Distance of Five Miles from the Head Office for Stamps in the City of Westminster shall, at such Times as shall be directed by the Commissioners of Stamps or their proper Officer, bring or send all the Tickets by him received to the said Head Office, or to such other Place within the Bills of Mortality as the said Commissioners or Officer shall appoint; and the Keeper of every Toll Gate beyond the Distance of Five Miles from the said Head Office shall bring or send all the Tickets by him received to such Places and at such Times as the Collector appointed to collect such .Tickets shall require, provided such Places shall not be at a greater Distance than the nearest Market Town, or shall, upon Demand made to him for that Purpose, deliver or cause to be delivered all such Tickets as aforesaid to such Collector; and any Toll-gate Keeper who shall neglect or refuse to bring or send or deliver, in manner aforesaid, all the Tickets received by him, shall, for every Ticket

719

A.D. 1832. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. c. 120.

he shall so neglect or refuse to bring, send, or deliver, forfeit Twenty Shillings.

LXVIII. And be it enacted, That every Toll-gate Keeper shall be entitled to demand and receive from the Collector to whom he shall bring, send, or deliver such Tickets as aforesaid One Farthing for and in respect of each Horse specified in every Ticket, and also One Farthing for each such Horse for every Day more than One and less than Twenty-eight successive Days in such Tickets mentioned, and such Collector is hereby required to pay or allow such Sums accordingly.

LXIX. And be it enacted, That in and across any public Road on which any Toll Gate shall not be erected sufficient for the Purposes of this Act it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Stamps to cause Gates and Bars to be erected for the Receipt of the Tickets directed to be issued in pursuance of this Act, and to place a proper Person at every such Gate or Bar, who shall have Power and Authority to collect such Tickets, and to demand the Money from the Traveller for not producing and showing any such Ticket, in like Manner as any Toll-gate Keeper is by this Act authorized to collect and demand the same; and every such Person shall be subject to the same Penalties for any thing done or omitted contrary to this Act as any Toll-gate Keeper is by this Act subject and liable to, and every such Gate or Bar shall be deemed and taken to be a Toll Gate for all the Purposes of this Act.

LXX. And be it enacted, That where any licensed Postmaster shall let for Hire any Horse for Twenty-eight successive Days or more, and such Horse shall be returned to such Postmaster before the Expiration of the Time for which such Horse shall have been so let for Hire, such Postmaster, at the Time of receiving back such Horse, shall ask for and receive from the Person so returning such Horse the Check Ticket received by such Person in exchange for the original Ticket delivered to him on the Letting of such Horse, and shall, within Three Days after the Return of such Horse, deliver up or transmit such Check Ticket to the Collector of the said Duties to whom he ought to deliver his Stamp Office Weekly Account; and if any licensed Postmaster shall refuse or neglect to ask for such Check Ticket, or, having received the same, shall refuse or neglect to deliver up or to transmit the same to the said Collector within the Time aforesaid, he shall forfeit Twenty Pounds; and if such Postmaster shall use any such Check Ticket, or shall permit the same to be used, or shall give out the same to any Person, for the Purpose of being used to cover and protect any other letting for Hire from the Duty hereby granted, such Postmaster shall forfeit Fifty Pounds.

LXXI. And be it enacted, That every licensed Postmaster shall &om Time to Time, whenever he shall be thereunto requested by any Collector or other authorized Officer of Stamp Duties^ as well during the Continuance of any Licence to such Postmaster as at or after the Expiration thereof, well and faithfully account to such Collector or Officer respectively for all the Tickets which shall have been delivered to such Postmaster, in pursuance

Allowances to be made to Toll-gate Keepers for Tickets delivered by them.

Commissioners of Stamps may erect Gates in certain Cases for the Receipt of Tickets.

WhenHorses hired for 28 Days or more are returned within that Period, the Check Ticket shall be delivered up.

Penalties.

Postmasters to account for Tickets delivered to them, and to re-deliver to the Collector such as remain unaccounted for, or to pay

the Value thereof.

Penalty for Neglect or Refusal, 10/.

Penalty for forging Tickets, 501.

Commissioners of Stamps shall deliver to licensed Postmasters Forms of Account, adapted for the Insertion of certain Particulars therein.

C. 120. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV, A.D. 1832.

pursuance of this Act, under or in consequence of any such Licence as aforesaid; and such Postmaster shall also, on Demand, re-deliver to such Collector or Officer all such Tickets as shall not be satisfactorily accounted for in manner aforesaid, or in default thereof such Postmaster shall be liable to pay for every Ticket not accounted for as aforesaid after the Rate of One Shilling for every Horse specified or expressed by Figures or otherwise upon such Ticket and in the Receipt given by such Postmaster for the same; and such Rate or Sum of One Shilling for every Horse specified or expressed as aforesaid shall be deemed to be the Value of every such Ticket, and shall be a Debt due to His Majesty from such Postmaster, and shall be recovered accordingly; and if any such Postmaster shall neglect or refuse to account to such Collector or Officer in the Manner directed by this Act for every or any such Ticket as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse to pay to such Collector or Officer the Value of every or any such Ticket as shall not be satisfactorily accounted for, and as shall not be re-delivered, on Demand, to such Collector or Officer in the Manner directed by this Act, every such Postmaster so offending shall forfeit Ten Pounds over and above the Value of every such Ticket not so accounted for or re-delivered.

LXXII. And be it enacted^That any Person who, with Intent to defraud His Majesty or any other Person, shall falsely make, forge, or counterfeit, or shall cause or procure to be falsely made, forged, or counterfeited, or shall wilfully aid or assist in the false-making, forging, or counterfeiting of any Ticket by this Act authorized or directed to be used, or shall utter or publish as true any such false, forged, or counterfeited Ticket, shall forfeit Fifty Pounds.

LXXIII. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners of Stamps or their Officer, at the Time of issuing any Licence to any Postmaster, shall deliver to such Postmaster Papers, intituled " Stamp Office Weekly Account," which shall be adapted for the Insertion of the following Particulars relating to the Horses which may be let for Hire; (that is to say,) the Day of the Month, the Month and the Year of such letting for Hire, the Names of the Towns or Places from which and to which, or from which and to which and back again, such Horses shall be hired to go, according as the Hiring may be, the Number of every Carriage required by this Act to be numbered, the Christian Name and Surname of every Postillion or Driver employed, the Amount of the Sum charged for or in respect of every letting for Hire, the Number of Horses let for Hire, the Number of Days and the Number of Miles for which such Horses shall be let for Hire, and the Amount of the Duty payable for and in respect of every such letting for Hire, as the Case may be or shall require, according to the following Form, or such other Form as the said Commissioners shall judge convenient for keeping such Account:

STAMP

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 120.

721

STAMP OFFICE WEEKLY ACCOUNT.

jc 1 V From what Place and to what Place land back if so hired). Christian Name and Surname of Postillion or Driver. H3 By Time. By the Mile.

2 a> £ o a Q >* -c c C3 C o Number of Carriage. CQ - u B 3 03 a H Number of > Horses. I Number of 1 Days. Number of 1 Miles. J Number of > Horses. j Number of 1 Miles. J Duty.

£ s.d.

LXXIV. And be it enacted, That every licensed Postmaster shall truly insert and set forth in such his Stamp Office Weekly Account the several Particulars following; (that is to say,) the Day of the Month, the Month and Year, on which every Horse let for Hire by him shall be let for Hire, and from and to what Place, or from and to what Place and back again, every such Horse shall be hired to go, the Number of every Carriage (which by this Act is required to be numbered) which shall be furnished with any such Horse, the Christian Name and Surname of every Postillion or Driver employed with every such Horse, the Amount of the Sum charged for the Hire or Use of every such Horse, where in any Case allowed by this Act the Postmaster shall elect to pay One Fifth thereof for the Duty on such letting, the Time for which the same shall be let for Hire or used, the Number of Horses so let for Hire, and where the Distance shall be ascertained the Number of Miles within which the same shall be hired to go or to go and return, or such of the several Particulars aforesaid as shall be applicable to each respective letting for Hire, and in all Cases the Amount of the Duty payable for and in respect of every Horse upon every such letting for Hire qr using; and whenever such licensed Postmaster shall let any Horse for Hire for Twenty-eight successive Days or more he shall insert and set forth in such his Stamp Office Weekly Account the several Particulars following; (that is to say,) the Number of Horses so let for Hire, the Day of the Month, the Month and Year, on which such Hiring shall commence, the Number of every Carriage by this Act required to be numbered which shall be furnished therewith, the Christian Name and Surname of every Postillion or Driver employed with every such Horse, the Time for which the same shall be hired, and the Name and Place of Abode of the Person hiring the same; and such Postmaster shall also insert in every such Account a Memorandum or Notice of every Horse which shall have been let for Hire by him for Twenty-eight successive Days or more, and which since the Date of his last Account shall have been given up and returned to 2 & 3 Gul. IV. 3 A him

Particulars to be inserted in the Stamp Office Weekly Accounts.

On letting Horses for Twenty-eight successive Day or more.

Where Horses let for Twenty-eight successive Days or more are returned before the Expira-

tion of the Term.

Penalty for Neglect, 202.

Entries to be made on the Day Horses are let or returned. Penalty, 40*.

Account to be open for the Inspection of proper Officers. Penalty, 102.

When and where licensed Postmasters shall deliver their Accounts, and pay the Duty thereon.

Penalty for Default, 202.

C. 120. 2° & 3 GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

him by the Hirer before the Expiration of the Time for which such Horse shall have been let for Hire, and the Day of the Month on which the same shall have been so given up and returned, and also the Amount of the Duty payable in respect of the Time during which every such Horse shall have been under the Direction of the Person hiring the same by virtue of such letting for Hire as aforesaid; and in case of the Neglect or Omission of any licensed Postmaster to insert in any such Stamp Office Weekly Account the Particulars herein-before respectively mentioned, or any of them, applicable to each respective letting for Hire, he shall for every such Neglect or Omission forfeit Twenty Pounds.

LXXV. And be it enacted, That every licensed Postmaster who shall let any Horse for Hire shall enter or cause to be entered, in such his Stamp Office Weekly Account, the several Particulars by this Act required to be inserted therein, on the Day on which any such Horse shall be so let for Hire or so given up and returned as aforesaid, or on the Day next immediately following, or in default thereof he shall forfeit Forty Shillings.

LXXVI. And be it enacted, That every such Stamp Office Weekly Account of every licensed Postmaster shall be open for the Inspection and Examination at all seasonable Times of the Commissioners of Stamps, or any Collector of the said Duties, or any authorized Officer of Stamp Duties; and any Postmaster who shall refuse to permit such Commissioners or Collector or Officer, at any seasonable Time, to inspect such his Stamp Office Weekly Account, shall for every such Refusal forfeit Ten Pounds.

LXXVII. And be it enacted, That every licensed Postmaster residing within the Distance of Five Miles from the Head Office for Stamps shall attend and deliver his Stamp Office Weekly Accounts, and shall pay the Duties for which he shall be accountable either to the Commissioners of Stamps at the said Head Office, or to some Collector of the said Duties, at such Place and at such Time as shall be appointed for that Purpose by a Notice to be given upon the blank Forms of the Stamp Office Weekly Accounts, which shall from Time to Time be delivered to such Postmaster for the Purpose of making therein the Entries required by this Act, provided such Place be not at a greater Distance than Two Miles from the said Head Office; and every licensed Postmaster not residing within Five Miles of the said Head Office shall attend and deliver his Stamp Office Weekly Accounts, and shall pay the Duties for which he shall be accountable to the Collector of the said Duties authorized to receive the same at such Place in the Market Town in which such Postmaster shall reside, or (in case he shall not reside in a Market Town) in the Market Town nearest to his Place of Residence, and at such Time as shall be appointed for that Purpose by a Notice to be given in manner aforesaid, under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds for every Default in not attending to deliver or in not delivering any such Account at the Time and in manner aforesaid, and Double the Amount of the Duties due and payable by such Postmaster, so far as the same can be ascertained; and in default of the Delivery of any such Account, the said Duties may be computed by the Tickets which such Postmaster

shall

A.D. 1832. 2° & 3« GULIELMI IV. C. 120.

723

shall have issued or caused to be issued, under the Provisions of this Act, by calculating the Rate of Duty imposed by this Act upon the Number of Horses, and for the Number of Miles or Days, or otherwise, as the Case may be, specified or expressed upon such Tickets respectively, without regard to the Option of such Postmaster, in any Case, of paying One Fifth Part of the Sum charged for the Hire of any of such Horses for the Duty on the letting thereof.

LXXVIII. And be it enacted, That every licensed Postmaster Postmaster to shall, at the respective Times of delivering his Account and pay- make a Declara-ing the Money due thereon, make and subscribe, in the Presence Jion ?f of the Collector or other Officer authorized to receive such Account 18 Account, a Declaration of the Truth of the Account then delivered in the Form following:

4 J A.B. do declare, That the Stamp Office Weekly Account

hereunto annexed doth contain a just and true Statement of the Number of Horses which have been let for Hire by me or my Servants, or on my Account and Behalf, from the

Day of to the Day of

both inclusive, together with the Manner in which such Horses have been so let for Hire as aforesaid; and also the full Amount of the Duty due and payable by me, or for which I am charge-

able or accountable, in respect of every such Horse so let for Hire by me or on my Account as aforesaid during the Time

aforesaid.

And if any licensed Postmaster shall refuse to make and subscribe Penalty for such Declaration in the Manner by this Act required, it shall Refusal, 20/. nevertheless be lawful for the Collector or other such Officer as aforesaid to demand and receive the Money due upon such Account, and such Postmaster shall forfeit Twenty Pounds for such Refusal.

LXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not Consent of the be lawful for any Person to inform, sue, or prosecute, either in Commissioners any Court of Record or before any Justice of the Peace, or ^JuSuetoprootherwise, for Recovery of the said Penalty of Twenty Pounds secute for the and Double Duty for any Default in not attending to deliver or Two last-men-in not delivering any such Account as aforesaid, or for Recovery tionedPenalties, of the said Penalty of Twenty Pounds for refusing to make and subscribe any such Declaration as aforesaid, without having first obtained the Consent in Writing of Two or more of the Commissioners of Stamps for that Purpose, unless the Action, Suit, or Prosecution for any such Penalty as aforesaid shall be carried on by the Solicitor of Stamps in England or Scotland respectively; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LXXX. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners of Stamps, Allowance to or the Collectors or other Officers aforesaid, at the Time of their be made to settling the respective Accounts of the several licensed Post- Fostmasters out masters in manner herein-before mentioned, shall allow to such dulV^accounted Postmasters, for their own Use and Benefit, and shall deduct for and paid, from the Amount payable by them on such their respective Accounts, after the Rate of Three-pence in the Pound, out of the Monies by them regularly accounted for and paid pursuant to the Directions of this Act.

3 A 2

C. 120.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Penalty on Postmasters for wilful Frauds.

Persons letting Horses shall be chargeable with the Duty thereon.

Postmaster who cannot furnish Horses shall give Tickets for Horses furnished by others, and receive the Duty thereon.

Duties to be accounted for by unlicensed Persons.

Account to be delivered on a Week's Notice from the Collector, verified on Oath.

Penalty for Neglect, 20/. and Double Duties.

LXXXI. And be it enacted, That every licensed Postmaster who shall wilfully conceal the letting of any Horse for Hire, or who shall make or render any false or fraudulent Account touching or concerning the Duties payable by him upon or in respect of Horses let for Hire, or who shall be guilty of any other fraudulent Contrivance, Device, or Pretence whatsoever, with Intent or Design to defraud His Majesty, or any Person, of any of the Duties imposed by this Act for or in respect of Horses let for Hire, shall forfeit Fifty Pounds; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Stamps, if they shall so think fit, after Judgment obtained against the Offender, to refuse to grant any fresh Licence to any such Offender in future.

LXXXII. And be it enacted, That every Person letting any Horse for Hire shall be chargeable with the Payment of the Duty by this Act imposed in respect of every such letting for Hire, whether such Person shall receive such Duty or not, and every Person who shall receive the Hire for any Horse shall be considered as the Person to whom the Duties by this Act granted shall be paid, and shall be chargeable with the same as if such Person were the actual Proprietor of such Horse, although the same may be the Property of some other licensed Person; and whenever it shall happen that any licensed Postmaster at whose Inn or Residence any Person shall apply to change Horses cannot furnish Horses to convey such Person on his Journey, and such Person shall proceed on his Journey with Horses hired at and coming from any other Inn or Place, such licensed Postmaster shall issue to any Person demanding the same a fresh Ticket, properly filled up, for the next Stage of such Journey, and shall receive the Duty payable in respect thereof, and shall charge himself with such Duty in the same Manner as if such Horses had been hired from such Postmaster.

LXXXIII. And be it enacted, That if any Person not licensed to let Horses for Hire shall let any Horse for Hire, such Person shall be chargeable with the Duty by this Act made payable for and in respect of every Horse which shall be so let for Hire in the same Manner as if he had obtained such Licence as aforesaid, and whether such Duty shall be received from the Person hiring such Horse or not; and every such Person so letting any Horse for Hire shall, upon One Week's Notice in Writing for that Purpose to him given by any Collector of the said Duties for the County, District, or Place where he shall so let any Horse for Hire, deliver to such Collector a true Account in Writing, signed by such Person, of every such Horse which he shall have let for Hire and shall not then have already accounted for, and of the Manner in which every such Horse shall have been let for Hire, and of the Duty payable in respect thereof, in the same Manner as by this Act is required to be done by licensed Postmasters, and shall also verify such Account by Oath (to be administered by such Collector) , and shall thereupon pay to such Collector the Amount of such Duty; and in case of any Refusal or Neglect so to do, then he shall forfeit Twenty Pounds for every Default in not delivering such Accoupt verified as aforesaid, and Double the Amount of the Duty which he shall be then chargeable with: Provided always, that where any such

14 Notice

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 120.

725

Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, then upon the Delivery of such Account in pursuance of such Notice, and upon Payment of all Duty due thereon, and upon takipg out such Licence as ought to have been taken out previously thereto, the Person so delivering such Account shall be discharged from any Penalty which he may be then liable to in consequence of having let for Hire any Horse mentioned in such Account without having obtained such Licence as aforesaid.

LXXXIV. And be it enacted, That every Person in any City, Town, or Place who shall let for Hire or use any Horse for drawing any Carriage to be used as a Hackney Carriage to any Distance not exceeding Five Miles from the General Post Office of any such City, Town, or Place, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of the Sums following, in lieu of and as a Composition for the Duties by this Act chargeable upon Horses let for Hire; (that is to say,) the Sum of Five Shillings per Week for or in respect of all or any Horses let for Hire, or used for drawing every such Carriage, when drawn by Two Horses; and the Sum of Three Shillings per Week for or in respect of any Horse or Horses let for Hire, or used for drawing any such Carriage, when drawn by One Horse; and such Person shall not be required, in respect of such Horses so let for Hire or used as last aforesaid, to keep the Weekly Accounts hereby directed to be kept or to deliver the Tickets hereby directed to be delivered by Persons letting Horses for Hire: Provided always, that if any Horse used for drawing any such Carriage shall go a greater Distance than Five Miles from any such General Post Office as aforesaid, the Person letting for Hire or using any such Horse shall be subject to all the Rules and Regulations of this Act in respect of Horses let for Hire, and shall be chargeable with the Duties by this Act imposed in respect of Horses let for Hire: Provided also, that the Person letting for Hire or using any Horse for drawing any such Carriage as aforesaid shall take out a Licence expressly authorizing him so to do, and shall cause every such Carriage to be numbered, and shall cause his Christian Name and Surname, and the Name of the City, Town, or Place, to be painted and inscribed upon the outside Pannel of each Door, or upon some conspicuous Part of such Carriage, in like Manner as by this Act is before directed in respect of Carriages kept to be furnished or used with Horses let for Hire, and under and subject to the like Penalties as are by this Act imposed upon Persons neglecting to take out Licences, or neglecting to number or cause to be numbered apy Carriage kept to be furnished or used as aforesaid, or neglecting to paint or cause to be painted thereon the Name of the Person letting for Hire or using any such Horse with such Carriage, and the Name of the City, Town, or Place where such Carriage shall be kept; and every Person letting or using any Horse for Hire, for drawing such Carriage used as a Hackney Carriage as aforesaid, shall attend and pay the said Weekly Duties at such Times and Places as Persons licensed to let Horses for Hire are required by this Act to do, and shall be subject to the like Penalty for any Neglect or Default in attending and paying such Duties as aforesaid: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend to exempt from the

3 A 3 Payment

Indemnity on accounting for the Duties and taking out a licence.

Composition to be paid for Horses used in Carriages stand* ing for Hire as Hackney Carriages in Country Towns, and not going more than Five Miles from the General Post Office there.

Persons using Horses in drawing such Carriages to take out a Licence for that Purpose, and to paint their Names, &c. on their Carriages.

Horses so used not exempted from general

726

C. 120.

2« & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 18S2.

Duties imposed by this Act, unless the Carriages are regular! y, used for plying.

Not to extend to Hackney Carriages in London.

Duties on Horses let for Hire not exceeding 50/. recoverable by Distress, on Complaint made before a Justice.

Payment of the general Duties by this Act imposed in respect of Horses let for Hire any Person letting Horses for Hire to draw any such Carriage, unless such Carriage shall be regularly and constantly used for the Purpose of plying for Hire in the public Streets of some City or Town as a Hackney Carriage; and that in all Informations, Actions, Suits, or other Proceedings whatsoever respecting the Payment of any Duty, or the Recovery of any Penalty, in respect of any Horse used in drawing any such Carriage, the Proof of such Carriage being regularly and constantly used for the Purpose aforesaid shall be upon the Person letting such Horse for Hire: And provided also, that nothing herein contained relating to the Payment of such Composition as aforesaid shall extend to any Horse or Horses used for drawing any Hackney Carriage at any Place within the Distance of .Five Miles from the General Post Office in the City of London.

LXXXV. And be it enacted, That if any Person liable under the Provisions of this Act to account for and pay any Duty, not exceeding in Amount the Sum of Fifty Pounds, for or in respect of Horses let for Hire, shall refuse or neglect to account for and pay such Duty according to the Directions of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace having Jurisdiction where such Horses shall have been let for Hire, and such Justice is hereby required, on Complaint made to him, to summon the Party complained of, and any Witnesses on either Side, to be and appear before the said Justice or before any other Justice of the Peace at a Time and Place to be appointed for that Purpose; and either on the Appearance of the Party complained of, or in default thereof, it shall be lawful for such Justice, or any other Justice present at the Time and Place appointed for such Appearance, to proceed to examine into the Matter of Fact, and on due Proof being made of the Sum due and owing for such Duty as aforesaid by the voluntary Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses, to grant a Warrant to any Constable or other Peace Officer, or to any Collector of the said Duties, or any other Officer of Stamp Duties, directing him to distrain every such Person by his Goods and Chattels, and also to seize and take the Carriages, Horses, Harness, and other Things by this Act made subject and liable to such Duty for the Amount thereof, and of all the Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining such Warrant, and of the Proceedings incident or relating thereto; and it shall be lawful for such Constable or other Peace Officer, or Collector or Officer of Stamp Duties, and he is hereby required, to make such Distress and Seizure accordingly, and the Distress so to be taken to detain and keep for the Space of Five Days, at the Costs and Charges of the Person distrained upon; and if the Amount of such Duty, and of all the Costs, Charges, and Expences aforesaid, shall not be paid within such Space of Five Days, then such Constable or other Peace Officer, or Collector or Officer of Stamp Duties, shall cause the Goods and Chattels, Carriages, Horses, Harness, and other Things so seized or taken, to be sold in the Manner directed by this Act, and shall render the Overplus (if any) of the Money arising by the Sale thereof, after deducting and retaining the Amount of such Duty, and all the Costs, Charges, and Expences aforesaid, as well as

the

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV,

C. 120.

727

the Charges and Expences of the Sale, to the Person so distrained upon, or to the Owner of the Carriages, Horses, Harness, or other Things so seized and taken as aforesaid; and for the Purpose of taking such Distress it shall be lawful for such Constable or other Peace Officer, and for such Collector or Officer of Stamp Duties, in the Presence of any Constable or other Peace Officer, where any Refusal or Resistance shall be made, to break open, in the Daytime, any House, Building, or Place where any such Carriages, Horses, Harness, or other Articles and Things, or any Goods or Chattels to be seized or taken under such Warrant as aforesaid, shall be; and if no Distress can be had or taken whereon to levy such Duty, Costs, Charges, and Expences, or in case an insufficient Distress only can be found and shall be taken, then it shall be lawful for the Justice by whom such Warrant shall be granted to commit the Person by or from whom such Duty, Costs, Charges, and Expences, or any Part thereof, shall remain due or owing, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain until all such Duty, and all Costs, Charges, and Expences, or so much thereof as shall remain, after deducting therefrom the Proceeds of the Sale of any insufficient Distress which may have been taken and sold, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

LXXXVI. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, at any Time and from Time to Time, as it shall be thought expedient, either by themselves or by the Commissioners of Stamps by them authorized for that Purpose, to let to farm the several Duties by this Act granted in respect of Horses let for Hire to any Persons who shall be willing to farm the said Duties or any Part thereof in separate Divisions or Districts, according to the Regulations and in the Manner hereinafter mentioned: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful to let to farm the said Duties or any Part thereof, at any One Time, for any longer Period or Term than Three Years from the Day on which any such letting to farm shall commence and take effect.

LXXXVII. And be it enacted, That a Notice of One Calendar Month at least shall be given by the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury or by the Commissioners of Stamps, in the London Gazette, of the Time and Place of letting to farm the said Duties or any Part thereof, specifying the Divisions or Districts the Duties within which it is intended to let to farm, and also the Place or Office at which Proposals for taking to farm such Duties, or any Part thereof, shall be delivered.

LXXXVIII. And be it enacted, That no such Proposals shall be proceeded upon unless the same be signed by and in the proper Names of the Parties proposing to become Bidders, and specifying the Places of their Abode, nor unless such Proposals shall have been delivered as aforesaid at least Three Days previous to the Day mentioned in the London Gazette for letting to farm the Duties to which such Proposals shall relate.

LXXXIX. And be it enacted, That the Biddings for such Duties shall be conducted under such Regulations as shall be established for that Purpose by the Lords Commissioners of the 3 A 4 Treasury,

For Want of sufficient Distress, the Defaulter to be committed to Gaol.

The Duties on Horses let for Hire may be let to farm.

Notice of letting to be inserted in the Gazette.

Proposals to be delivered Three Days previous to letting.

Mode of proceeding in putting up the Duties.

C. 120.

2? & 3° GULIELMI IV.

The highest Bidder to execute a Contract to farm the Duties, and give Security for the Performance thereof.

Deposit to be made by Persons farming the Duties.

If the Duties be not let at the Time fixed, or if the Contract for farming the same be vacated, they may be put up again, or be let by private Contract *

Duties not to be farmed by

A.D. 1832.

Treasury, or by the Commissioners of Stamps duly authorized as' aforesaid, and that the Person who shall be the highest Bidder shall be the Farmer or Renter of the said Duties, or such Part thereof as shall be then put up to farm, for such Term, not exceeding Three Years as aforesaid, as may be determined on, and as shall be inserted in the London Gazette; and such Person shall execute a Contract, to be prepared in pursuance of this Act, containing such Covenants, Provisoes, and Conditions as the said Lords Commissioners, or the Commissioners of Stamps authorized as aforesaid, shall deem necessary or expedient for securing the Payment of the Money or yearly Rent contracted for, as well as for securing and compelling a due Compliance with the Terms and Regulations of this Act; and such Person shall also give Security by Bond to His Majesty, with Three or more sufficient Sureties, to the Satisfaction of the said Lords Commissioners or of the Commissioners of Stamps, for securing the Performance of the several Covenants, Clauses, and Agreements contained in such Contract, and also for securing the Payment of the said Money or yearly Rent so contracted for to the Receiver General of Stamp Duties, at the Head Office for Stamps in Westminster, in equal Portions, by Eight several Payments in the Year, on the Days to be fixed and appointed, before any such letting to farm as aforesaid.

XC. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or the said Commissioners of Stamps authorized as aforesaid, to appoint the Time for making a Deposit of a Sum of Money, and the Amount thereof, on account of the Rent to be paid by the Person who shall be declared the Farmer of any of the said Duties hereby allowed to be farmed; and in case any such Person shall fail to make such Deposit at the Time appointed, or shall fail to execute a proper Contract in Writing, and to give satisfactory Security for the Payment of the Rent, and the due Performance of such Contract, in the Manner directed by this Act, within the Time to be appointed for that Purpose, it shall be lawful for the said Lords Commissioners, or the Commissioners of Stamps authorized as aforesaid, to declare the Bidding and Contract of such Person to be null and void, and the Deposit thereon made (if any) to be forfeited.

XCI. And be it enacted, That in case any of the said Duties to arise in any District shall not be let to farm at the Time mentioned in such Advertisement for Want of a sufficient Bidding for such Duties, or in case the Bidding or Contract of any Person who shall have been declared the best Bidder for or the Farmer of any of the said Duties shall be declared or shall become null and void, it shall be lawful for the said Lords Commissioners, or the Commissioners of Stamps authorized as aforesaid, from Time to Time, whenever any such Event shall happen, to appoint such future Day as they shall judge most proper for letting to farm the said Duties to arise in such District in the Manner and upon the like Notice as herein-before directed, or to receive Proposals for farming such Duties, and to let the same to farm by private Contract, for any such Period of Time as aforesaid: Provided always, that no Contract for letting to farm the said Duties shall be

2° & 3o GULIELMI IV. C. 120.

729

be made with any licensed Postmaster, nor with any Person for the Use or on behalf of any licensed Postmaster, nor so as that any licensed Postmaster shall have any Interest in or any Benefit from any such Contract, and any such Contract made contrary to this Act shall be utterly null and void; and if any Contract made in pursuance of this Act shall be assigned to any licensed Postmaster, or to any other Person for the Use of any licensed Postmaster, or so that he shall have any Interest therein or any Benefit therefrom, such Assignment shall also be utterly null and void.

XCII. And in order to prevent Disputes concerning the said Duties when let to farm in Cases where the same may be collected in one District or Division and the Tickets may be delivered in another District or Division, be it enacted, That in such Case the Duties shall belong and the Tickets issued thereupon shall be delivered and accounted for to the Person who shall be the Farmer of the Duties arising within the District or Division within which the Inn, House, or other Place shall be situate at which the Postmaster shall be licensed; and every Toll-gate Keeper at whose Gate or Bar such Ticket shall be delivered shall deliver the same to the Farmer of the said Duties, arising within such District or Division as aforesaid, at such Time and in such Manner as such Tickets are by this Act directed to be delivered to the several Collectors of the said Duties when the same are not let to farm.

XCIII. And be it enacted, That no Person contracting to farm the said Duties or any Part thereof, or appointed a Collector thereof, shall, by. reason of such Contract or Appointment, be disqualified to vote at the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament, any Law or Usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XCIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Stamps, from Time to Time as Occasion shall require, to depute and appoint as well the Persons who shall become Farmers or Lessees of the said Duties, and their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, as any other Persons approved by the said Commissioners, upon the Nomination and for the Use of such Farmers or Lessees, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to be Collectors of the Duties so farmed arising within the respective Districts, with full Power to grant the necessary Licences to Persons within the respective Districts for letting Horses for Hire, and to receive the Stamp Office Weekly Accounts relating to the said Duties by this Act directed to be delivered by licensed Postmasters within their respective Districts, and to receive the Money due thereon, and generally to execute and perform all other the Powers, Matters, and Things touching the collecting, the managing, and enforcing the Payment of the said Duties within their respective Districts, which by this Act are authorized to be done by any Collector of the said Duties; and no Deputation or Commission appointing any Person to be a Collector of the said Duties on Horses let for Hire shall be charged or chargeable with any higher Stamp Duty than One Pound Fifteen Shillings: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to revoke the Deputation or Appointment

any Persons licensed to let Horses.

Dudes shall belong to the District where the Tickets are issued.

Farmers of the Duties not to be disqualified.

Commissioners of Stamps may depute the Farmers and other Persons on their Behalf to be Collectors of the said Duties.

C. 120.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Farmers may vary the Form of keeping the WeekJy Account, and add the Names of their Districts on the Tickets.

All the Powers of Collectors under this Act may be exercised by the Farmers of the Duties.

What shall be Proof that Persons are Farmers of the Duties.

Officers neglecting their Duty

ment and Authority of any Person deputed or appointed a Collector of the said Duties upon any such Nomination as aforesaid whenever the said Commissioners shall think fit so to do.

XCV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for such Farmers or Persons so farming the said Duties or any Part thereof, with the Consent of the Commissioners of Stamps, to vary the Form of keeping the Weekly Account directed by this Act to be kept by the several licensed Postmasters within their respective Districts in such Manner as such Farmers shall judge most convenient for keeping such Accounts, and also to add the Name or Number of their respective Districts on the Face or Back of the Tickets to be delivered by them to the several licensed Persons in their respective Districts.

XCVI. And be it enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Regulations, Matters, and Things given, prescribed, or appointed by this Act with relation to the Duties on Horses let for Hire, or to the Persons appointed or to be appointed to collect the same, may be put in force and carried into execution by any Person farming the said Duties, or any Part thereof, in like Manner as any Collector of the said Duties is authorized and empowered by this Act to put in force and execute the same; and every Person farming the said Duties or any Part thereof shall be entitled to the same Privileges, and to have and use the like Remedies for collecting and recovering the Duties by this Act imposed, as if the Duties were sued for by or on the Behalf of His Majesty, and as if such Duties had not been let to farm.

XCVII. And be it enacted, That it shall not be necessary, upon the Trial or Hearing of any Information, Action, Suit, or other Proceeding to be commenced for the Recovery of any of the said Duties on Horses let for Hire which shall be let to farm in pursuance of this Act, or for the Recovery of any Penalty imposed by this Act with relation to the said Duties, to produce the Instrument whereby the Commissioners of Stamps shall be authorized to let to farm the said Duties or any of them, nor to prove the Execution of any Contract or Agreement whereby any of the said Duties shall be let to farm, nor to prove the Execution of any Assignment of any such Contract or Agreement, nor to prove the Signatures of the said Commissioners of Stamps to any Consent to prosecute for any such Penalty as aforesaid: Provided always, that such Contract, Agreement, or Assignment, and Consent to prosecute, shall be produced on the Trial or Hearing of any such Information, Action, Suit, or Proceeding, and it shall be made to appear that the Person claiming or acting under such Contract, Agreement, or Assignment had in fact acted as the Farmer of the Duties therein mentioned or some of them; and in every such Case such Proof shall be deemed and taken by the Court or Justice before whom any such Trial or Hearing shall be had to be good and legal Evidence of such Person being the Farmer of the Duties mentioned in such Contract, Agreement, Assignment, or other Instrument, unless by other Evidence the contrary shall be made to appear; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XCVIII. And be it enacted, That if any Officer of Stamp Duties, or other Person employed in the Execution of this Act

in

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 120.

731

in relation to the said Duties on Horses let for Hire, shall wilfully refuse or neglect to do or perform any Matter or Thing by this Act required or directed to be done or performed by such Officer or Person, whereby any of His Majesty's Subjects shall sustain any Damage, such Officer or Person shall be liable, in an Action to be founded on this Statute, to answer to the Party aggrieved for all such Damages, with full Costs of Suit.

XCIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any In* spector of Stamp Duties, or any Collector of the Duties by this Act granted in respect of Horses let for Hire, or for any other Person authorized by the Commissioners of Stamps, on producing and showing (if required so to do) his Appointment or Authority in Writing from Time to Time, to enter into any Toll House or other Place at which any Toll is or shall be by Law payable or any Ticket shall be receivable under this Act, and in such Toll House or other Place to remain so long as such Inspector, Collector, or other Person so authorized shall think tit and requisite, for the Purpose of examining and checking the Stage Carriages travelling upon any Turnpike or other Road, or for the Purpose of receiving and examining the Tickets relating to Horses let for Hire; and if any Toil-gate Keeper, Toll Collector, or other Person shall refuse to permit any such Inspector, Collector, or other Person authorized as aforesaid to enter into or to remain in any Toll House or other such Place as aforesaid, or shall obstruct or hinder or molest such Inspector, Collector, or other Person authorized as aforesaid in entering into or remaining in such Toll House or Place for the Purposes aforesaid, or if any Toll-gate Keeper, Toll Collector, or other Person shall in any way hinder, molest, or disturb, or use abusive or insulting Language to any such Inspector, Collector, or other Person authorized as aforesaid, either in the Discharge of his Duty or in the reasonable Use of such Toll House or other Place as aforesaid, every Person so offending shall forfeit Twenty Pounds.

C. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall receive any Sum of Money, or any other Consideration or Reward of any kind whatsoever, for aiding or assisting in or for conniving at the Commission of any Offence against this Act, he shall forfeit Twenty Pounds.

Cl. And be it enacted, That all Duties granted or imposed by or incurred under this Act may be s.ued for and recovered by all such Ways and Means and in such Manner and Form as are and is or at any Time hereafter shall be provided by Law for the Recovery of any other Duties granted or imposed by or incurred under any other Act relating to Stamp Duties, as well as by the particular Ways and Means provided by this Act; and in all Actions, Bills, Plaints, Informations, and Proceedings to be commenced, prosecuted, entered, or filed in the Name of His Majesty or of any other Person for the Recovery of any such Duties, or of any Debts or Penalties which may be incurred or become payable under this Act, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, or any other Person legally entitled to sue or prosecute for the same, to have and recover such Duties, Debts, and Penalties, with full Costs of Suit and all other reasonable Charges and Expences.

to be liable to Actions.

Inspectors and Collectors may enter Toll Houses, to check Stage Carriages and Horses let for Hire, and to receive Tickets, &c.

Penalty for refusing to permit them to enter, or obstructing them in the Discharge of their Duty, 20/.

Penalty on conniving at Offences, 20/.

Duties recoverable as other Stamp Duties.

Duties and Penalties recoverable with Costs.

782

CL 120.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

In what Courts pecuniary Penalties may be sued for.

Consent of the Commissioners of Stamps requisite to sue for Penalties.

Penalties not exceeding 20/. recoverable before a Justice of the Peace.

Mode of pro-

CII. And be it enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties imposed by or which may be incurred under this Act may be sued or prosecuted for in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster for any Offence committed in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, and in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland, for any Offence committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Privilege, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for any Person to sue or prosecute for any such Penalty in any of the Courts aforesaid without having first obtained the Consent in Writing of Two or more of the Commissioners of Stamps for that Purpose, unless the Action, Suit, or Prosecution for such Penalty shall be carried on by the Solicitor of Stamps in England or Scotland respectively; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, if they shall think fit, to order the Proceedings to be stayed in any such Action, Suit, or Prosecution on Payment of Part only of any Penalty incurred, with or without Costs, or on Payment only of the Costs incurred or any Part thereof or otherwise, as they shall judge proper and expedient.

CIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace having Jurisdiction where the Offence shall be committed to hear and determine any Offence against this Act which may subject the Offender to any pecuniary Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and it shall be lawful for any such Justice and he is hereby required, upon Information given or Complaint made before him, to summon the Party accused, and also the Witnesses on either Side, to be and appear before the said Justice or before any other Justice of the Peace at a Time and Place to be appointed for that Purpose; and either on the Appearance of the Party accused, or in default thereof, it shall be lawful for such Justice, or any other Justice present at the Time and Place appointed for such Appearance, to proceed to examine into the Matter of Fact, and upon due Proof made thereof by voluntary Confession of the Party, or by Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses, to give Judgment for the Penalty, and to award and issue out his Warrant for the levying of any Penalty so adjudged, together with the Costs and Expences of such Proceedings, and also the Costs and Expences of such Warrant, and of levying the same on the Goods of the Offender, and to cause Sale to be made of such Goods in case they shall not be redeemed within Five Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus, if any; and where Goods of such Offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the Penalty and all such Costs and Expences it shall be lawful for such Justice and he is hereby required to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain for such Term or Period of Time as is by this Act fixed or provided as the Term of Imprisonment for the particular Offence of which such Offender shall have been convicted; and in any Case where no such Term of Imprisonment is or shall be so fixed or provided as aforesaid, then such Justice is hereby required to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain for any Time not less than Three Calendar Months and not exceeding

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 120.

783

ceeding Six Calendar Months if the full Penalty imposed by this Act for the Offence of which such Offender shall have been convicted shall amount to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and for any Time not less than One Calendar Month and not exceeding Three Calendar Months if such Penalty shall not amount to Twenty Pounds, unless such Penalty and all such Costs and Expences shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and if the Person convicted shall find himself aggrieved by the Judgment of any such Justice, it shall be lawful for such Person to appeal against the same to the Justices of the Peace at the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County or Place within which the Offence shall be committed which shall be held next after the Expiration of Ten Days from the Day on which such Conviction shall have been made, of which Appeal Notice iu Writing shall be given to the Prosecutor or Informer Seven clear Days previous to the first Day of such Sessions; and such Justices at such Sessions are hereby authorized to examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine such Appeal; and in case the Judgment of any such Justice shall be affirmed it shall be lawful for the Justices at such Sessions to award and order the Person appealing to pay such Costs occasioned by such Appeal as to them shall seem meet: Provided always, that no Person convicted before any such Justice shall be entitled or permitted to appeal against such Conviction in manner aforesaid unless, within Five Days next after such Conviction made, he shall enter into a Recognizance, with Two sufficient Sureties, before such Justice, to enter and prosecute such Appeal, and to pay the Amount of the Penalty and Costs in which he shall have been convicted, and also to pay such further Costs as shall be awarded in case such Conviction shall be affirmed on the hearing of such Appeal: Provided also, that no such Proceedings so to be had or taken shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form, or shall be removed by Certiorari, Suspension, Advocation, or Reduction, or by any other Writ or Process, into any superior or other Court or Jurisdiction; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person other than the Solicitor of Stamps, or some other Officer of His Majesty's Stamp Duties in England or Scotland respectively, to inform or prosecute before any Justice of the Peace for the Recovery of any Penalty imposed by or incurred under this Act, except in the Cases next herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,) any Penalty imposed or incurred with relation to Horses let for Hire or the Duties thereon, and any Penalty incurred by the Driver of any Stage Carriage by reason of the carrying of a greater Number of Passengers in, upon, or about such Stage Carriage than is or shall be allowed by this Act or by the Licence relating to such Stage Carriage, and any Penalty imposed or incurred by reason of the carrying of any Outside Passenger, or any Luggage on the Roof or Top of any Stage Carriage, contrary in any Manner to the Directions of this Act, or by reason of any Person sitting or being carried on any Luggage, or upon that Part of the Roof of any Stage Carriage allotted for Luggage, or by reason of more than One Person besides the Driver sitting or being; carried upon the Box of any

Stag e

AppeaL

Proceedings nc4 to be quashed for Want of Form, nor removed.

By whom Penalties shall be recovered before a Justice of the Peace.

734

C. 120.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Justices may mitigate Penalties.

Application of Penalties.

Stage Carriage, or of refusing to permit or allow any Stage Carriage or Luggage to be measured, or the Passengers to be counted, or refusing or neglecting to stop such Carriage at any Toll Gate for that Purpose, or by reason of any other Offence which may subject to any Penalty the Driver or Conductor or Guard of any Stage Carriage, or any Person employed to hold the Horses, or having the Care of or being employed in or about any Stage Carriage, or any Toll-gate Keeper, Toll Collector, Constable, or Peace Officer, or by reason of any Person summoned as a Witness neglecting or refusing to attend or give Evidence; and if any Person, other than such Solicitor or Officer as aforesaid, shall commence or prosecute any Information or Complaint before any Justice of the Peace for the Recovery of any Penalty imposed by or incurred under this Act, except in the several Cases herein-before mentioned and allowed in that Behalf, such Information or Complaint and every Proceeding thereupon had shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to permit or allow any Person other than the Solicitor, or some other Officer of Stamp Duties, to inform or prosecute for the Recovery of any Penalty imposed by or incurred under this Act by reason of the Driver of any Carriage or other Person plying for Passengers to be conveyed for Hire by any Carriage not having the proper numbered Plates fixed thereon, unless the Offender shall be apprehended and taken before a Justice of the Peace, as authorized by this Act.

CV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against any of the Provisions of this Act, to mitigate as he shall see fit any Penalty by this Act imposed in Cases where such Justice shall see Cause so to do, provided that all reasonable Costs and Charges expended or incurred in prosecuting for such Offence shall be always allowed over and above the Sum to which such Penalty shall be mitigated, and so as such Mitigation do not reduce the Penalty to less than One Fourth of the Penalty incurred, exclusive of such Costs and Charges; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CVI. And be it enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties imposed by or incurred under this Act which shall be sued or prosecuted for and recovered by or in the Name of any Person other than His Majesty's Attorney General in England, or His Majesty's Advocate for Scotland, or the Solicitor of Stamps, or any other Officer of Stamp Duties in England or Scotland respectively, shall respectively be distributed and divided in manner following; (that is to say,) one Moiety thereof to His Majesty, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to the Person who shall inform and sue or prosecute for the same within Fourteen Days after the Offence shall have been committed; and all such pecuniary Penalties as aforesaid which shall be sued or prosecuted for and recovered by or in the Name of His Majesty's said Attorney General in England or Advocate in Scotland, or by or in the Name of such Solicitor or Officer as aforesaid, or for the Recovery of which any Information or Complaint shall be made, or any Action or Suit shall be commenced after the Expiration

of

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 120.

735

of the Time aforesaid, shall go and be applied to the Use of His Majesty: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Stamps, at their Discretion, to give all or any Part of such Penalties or Shares of Penalties belonging to His Majesty as Rewards to any Person or Persons who shall have detected such Offences or given Information which may have led to the Discovery thereof or to the Conviction of the Offenders.

CVII. And be it enacted, That every Justice of the Peace before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act shall take and receive the Penalty or Share of the Penalty belonging to His Majesty levied or paid under or by virtue of such Conviction, and every such Justice shall pay or cause to be paid all such Sums of Money which he shall so take or receive as aforesaid, at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace after he shall have so taken or received the same, into the Hands of the Clerk of the Peace or other such Officer of the County or Place within which such Conviction shall have been made, who shall, within Ten Days after his Receipt thereof, and without Fee or Reward, pay or remit the same for the Use of His Majesty to the Solicitor of Stamps, at the Stamp Office in Westminster or Edinburgh, as the Conviction shall happen to be in England or Scotland respectively, any thing in any other Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and every such Justice shall, within One Week after every such Payment made by him to any Clerk of the Peace or other such Officer, transmit to such Solicitor as aforesaid a Schedule containing the Name of the Person so convicted, the Nature of the Offence, and the Amount of the Penalty of and in which he shall have been convicted, the Date of such Conviction, and the Sum of Money which shall have been paid under or by virtue thereof, together with the Name of the Clerk of the Peace or other such Officer to whom he shall have paid the same; and if any such Justice shall neglect or omit to pay or cause to be paid to such Clerk of the Peace or other Officer as aforesaid, at the Time and in the Manner herein-before directed, any such Penalty or Share of Penalty received by such Justice as aforesaid, or upon Payment thereof shall neglect or omit to transmit to the proper Solicitor of Stamps such Schedule as aforesaid, or if any such Clerk of the Peace or other Officer shall neglect or omit to pay or remit any such Penalty or Share of Penalty to such Solicitor of Stamps as aforesaid, within the Time and in manner herein-before limited and directed in that Behalf, every Person so offending shall forfeit Fifty Pounds.

CVIII. And be it enacted, That if any Proprietor of any Stage Carriage, or the Driver or Guard of any Stage Carriage, shall be summoned before any Justice of the Peace to answer any Information or Complaint exhibited or made against him by any Person, other than an Officer of Stamp Duties, touching or concerning any Offence committed or alleged to have been committed by such Proprietor, Driver, or Guard respectively against the Provisions of this Act, and such Information or Complaint shall afterwards be withdrawn or quashed or dismissed, or if the Defendant shall be acquitted of the Offence charged against him, it shall be lawful for such Justice to order and award that the

Informer

Justices shall receive the Crown's Share of Penalties, and pay the same to the Clerk of the Peace, to be remitted to the Stamp Office.

Penalty on the Justice or Clerk of the Peace for neglecting to pay over the Penalties received, 50L

Justices empowered to award Costs to Defendants where Informations or Complaints are withdrawn or dismissed in certain Cases.

736

C. 120.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Service of the Justices Summonses and other Notices

Constables refusing to serve Summons, See* Penalty, 10/.

Penalty on Witnesses neglecting to attend, 10/.

Informer or Person exhibiting or making such Information or Complaint shall pay to the Defendant such Costs of making or preparing for his Defence, and also such Compensation for his Loss of Time and for the Time of his Witnesses (if any) in attending such Justice touching or concerning such Information or Complaint, as to such Justice shall seem reasonable; and in default of immediate Payment of the Sum so awarded it shall be lawful for such Justice to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person ordered to pay the same, together with the Costs of such Distress and Sale; and if Goods and Chattels of such Person sufficient to answer the Sum so awarded, with such Costs as aforesaid, cannot be found, it shall be lawful for such Justice to commit such Person to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, unless the Sum so awarded, together with all Costs and Expences, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

CIX. And be it enacted, That any Summons issued by any Justice of the Peace, requiring any Defendant or any Witness or other Person to appear before such Justice, or any other Justice, with reference to any Information, Complaint, or other Proceeding for the Recovery of any Duty or Penalty under this Act, shall be deemed to be well and sufficiently served in case either the Summons or a Copy thereof be served personally upon any such Person as aforesaid, or be left at his usual or last Place of Residence, or, in case such Person be a Proprietor, Driver, Conductor, or Guard of any Stage Carriage, be left with the Bookkeeper or Person for the Time being acting as Book-keeper for such Stage Carriage in any Town or Place from, into, or through which such Carriage shall go or be driven nearest to the Place where any such Offence shall be committed; and any Notice by this Act required to be given to the Proprietor of any Stage Carriage or to any other Person shall be deemed to be well and sufficiently served in case either such Notice, or a Copy thereof, be served personally upon such Proprietor or other Person, or be left at his usual or last Place of Residence, (or in the Case of such Proprietor) be left with any Book-keeper or Person acting as Book-keeper at any Office belonging to such Proprietor.

CX. And be it enacted, That if any Constable or other Peace Officer shall refuse or neglect to serve or execute any Summons* Warrant, or Order granted, issued, or made by any Justice of the Peace, or by any Two of the Commissioners of Stamps, pursuant to any of the Provisions of this Act, every such Constable or Peace Officer so offending shall forfeit Ten Pounds.

CXI. And be it enacted, That if any Person who shall be sun»-moned as a Witness to give Evidence before any Justice of the Peace or before any Justices at Sessions touching the Matters alleged in or relating to any Information, Complaint, Appeal, or other Proceeding depending before such Justice or Justices for the Recovery of any Duty or Penalty incurred under this Act, shall neglect or refuse to appear before such Justice or Justices at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed by such Justice or Justices, or if any Person so summoned shall appear,

A.D. 1832. 2 & 3 GULIELMI IV. C. 120.

appear, but shall refuse to be examined and give Evidence before such Justice or Justices touching the Matters aforesaid, every such Person so offending shall forfeit Ten Pounds.

CXII. And be it enacted, That upon the Trial or Hearing of any Information or Complaint exhibited or made under any of the Provisions of this Act any Officer of Stamp Duties, or other Person employed by the Commissioners of Stamps, shall be deemed and is hereby declared to be a competent Witness, notwithstanding that such Officer or Person may be the Informant or Complainant, or may be entitled to or expect any Part of any pecuniary Penalty, or any Remuneration or Reward, on the Conviction of any Offender upon any such Information or Complaint.

CXIII. And be it enacted, That every Complaint, Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or Commitment, or other such Proceeding which shall be had or taken for the Recovery of any Duty or Penalty under the Provisions of this Act, may be drawn or made out according to the several Forms contained in the Schedule (B.) hereunto annexed, or to the Effect thereof, mutatis mutandis, as the Case shall require; and every such Complaint, Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant, or other such Proceeding which shall be so drawn or made out shall be good and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, without stating the Case or the Facts or Evidence in any more particular Manner than is required in and by such Forms respectively.

CXIV. And be it enacted, That all the Carriages, Horses, and Harness, and other Articles and Things kept, used, or employed by any Person, whether licensed under the Authority of this Act or not, for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire, or for the Purpose of being let for Hire as aforesaid, shall be subject and liable to and chargeable with all the Duties in arrear and owing, or which shall become due and payable from Time to Time, from or by such Person for or in respect of any Stage Carriage kept, used, or employed by such Person, or for or in respect of any Horse let for Hire by any such Person, and to and with all Penalties which may be imposed upon or incurred by such Person under this Act, "and also to and with the Costs and Expences of all Proceedings which shall or may be had or taken for the Recovery of such Duties amd Penalties respectively; and all such Carriages, Horses, Harness, and other Articles and Things shall, for the Purpose of satisfying such Duties, Penalties, Costs, "and Expences, or any Part thereof respectively, be deemed to be the Goods and Chattels of such Person, and shall be distrained or otherwise seized or taken accordingly, in or into whose Custody or Possession soever the same shall or may be or come, and by or under what Right or Title soever the same shall or may be held or claimed; and in case any Person in or into whose Custody or Possession any such Carriages, Horses, Harness, or other Articles shall be or come, by or under any Means or Title whatsoever, shall convert the same to his own Use, or shall sell or dispose thereof for the Use or Benefit of any other Person, after Notice given by the Commissioners of Stamps or their Solicitor, or by any Person authorized to collect or receive the Duties by this Act granted, or any of them, that such Carriages, 2 & 3 Gul. IV. 3 B Horses,

731

Officers of Stamp Duties not disqualified from being Witnesses.

Proceedings to be drawn up according to the Forms in Schedule (B.)

Carriages, Horses, Harness, &c. chargeable with the Duties and Penalties incurred.

Persons selling or disposing of such Carriages, &c. after Notice, to be liable to Extent of the Value thereof.

738

C. 120.

2° & 3° GULIELMI. IV.

A.D. 1832.

In what" Manner Goods distrained under this Act shall be sold.

Limitations of Actions.

Venue.

Notice of Action.

General Issue.

Tender of Amends.

Horses, Harness, and other Articles are subject and liable to or chargeable with any of the Duties, Penalties, Costs, and Expences aforesaid, every Person so converting or selling or disposing of such Carriages, Horses, Harness, or other Articles shall be accountable to His Majesty, to the Extent of the Value of such Carriages, Horses, Harness, or other Articles, for the Amount of the Duties, Penalties, Costs, and Expences to or with which such Carriages, Horses, Harness, and other Articles shall be subject, liable, or chargeable, and the same may be sued for and recovered under and by virtue of this Act as a Debt due to His Majesty accordingly.

CXV. And be it enacted, That in all Cases where any Goods or Chattels distrained or otherwise seized or taken under any of the Provisions of this Act are directed to be sold the same shall be sold by public Auction, and Notice of the Time and Place of such Sale shall be given to the Owner of such Goods or Chattels, or left at his last known Place of Abode, Three Days at least prior to such Sale: Provided always, that if the Owner of any such Goods or Chattels shall give his Consent in Writing to the Sale thereof at an earlier Period than is by this Act or shall be by any such Notice appointed for such Sale, or in any other Manner than is by this Act directed, it shall be lawful to sell such Goods or Chattels according to such Consent; provided also, that if the Owner of such Goods or Chattels shall at any Time before the Sale thereof pay or tender to the Person who by any Warrant or other Process shall be directed or authorized to cause such Goods or Chattels to be sold the Sum which he shall by such Warrant or Process be directed to levy or raise by the Sale of such Goods or Chattels, together with all reasonable Costs and Expences incurred, no Sale of such Goods or Chattels shall be made.

CXVI. And be it enacted, That all Actions and Prosecutions which shall be brought or commenced against any Person for any thing done in pursuance or under the Authority of this Act shall be commenced and prosecuted within Three Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be brought and tried in the County or Place where the Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and Notice in Writing of such Action and of the Cause thereof shall be given to the Defendant One Calendar Month at least before the Commencement of the Action; and the Defendant in such Action may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and any other Matter or Thing in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Cause of Action shall appear to arise from any Matter or Thing done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act, or if any such Action shall be brought after the Expiration of such Three Calendar Months, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, or if Notice of such Action shall not have been given in manner aforesaid, or if Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made before such Action commenced, or if a sufficient Sum of Money shall have been paid into Court after such Action commenced by or on behalf of the Defendant, the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant, or if the Plaintiff 14 shall

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 120.

739

shall become Nonsuit, or shall discontinue any such Action, or if on Demurrer or otherwise Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff, the Defendant shall recover his full Costs of Suit as between Attorney and Client, and shall have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant may have for Costs of Suit in other Cases at Law; and although a Verdict shall be given for the Plaintiff in any such Action, such Plaintiff shall not have Costs against the Defendant unless the Judge before whom the Trial shall be had shall at the Time of such Trial certify in Writing his Approbation of the Action and of the Verdict obtained thereupon.

CXVII. And in order to avoid the frequent Use of divers Construction of Terms and Expressions in this Act, and to prevent any Miscon- the Terms used struction of the Terms and Expressions used therein, be it in this enacted, That wherever in this Act, with reference to any Person, Matter, or Thing, any Word or Words is or are used importing the Singular Number or the Masculine Gender only, yet such Word or Words shall be understood to include several Persons as well as One Person, Females as well as Males, Bodies Politic or Corporate as well as Individuals, and several Matters or Things as well as One Matter or Thing, unless it be otherwise specially provided, or there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction; and that wherever the Terms and Expressions following occur in this Act they shall be construed respectively in the Manner herein-after directed; (that is to say,) that the Term and Expression " His Majesty " shall "His Majesty." be construed to mean and include His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; that the Term u Officer of Stamp Duties" shall be "Officer of construed to mean any Officer deputed or appointed by the StamP Duties." Commissioners of Stamps, whatever may be his particular Office or Employment; that the Term "Proprietor," used with reference " Proprietor." to any Stage Carriage, shall be construed to mean and include any and every Person who shall keep, use, or employ such Stage Carriage, or who shall be concerned in the keeping, using, or employing thereof; that the Term "licensed Postmaster" shall "Licensed^ be construed to mean and include any and every Person, Male or Postmaster." Female, licensed to let Horses for Hire under the Authority of this Act; that the Term " Horse" or u Horses" shall respectively " Horse," or be construed to mean and include any Mare or Gelding or Mares " Horses." or Geldings as well as any Horse or Horses; that the Term " Toll Gate" shall be construed to mean any Gate or Bar at which " Toll Gate." any Toll is payable or any Ticket is receivable for any Horse or

Carriage; that the Term " Toll-gate Keeper" shall be construed " Toll-gate

to mean and include the Keeper of any such Gate or Bar as Keeper-"

aforesaid, or the Collector of Tolls thereat, or any Person acting

as such Keeper or Collector respectively; that the Term " Driver," " Driver."

used with reference to any Stage Carriage, shall be construed to

mean the Coachman, Driver, or Director thereof; and that the

Term " Luggage" shall be construed to mean any Trunk, Box," Luggage."

Bale, Parcel, Package, Corn, or other Article, whether such

Trunk, Box, Bale, Parcel, Package, Corn, or other Article shall or shall not belong to any Passenger conveyed by any such Stage Carriage.

CXVIII. And be it enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Powers and Regulations, Forfeitures, Pains, and Penalties contained in or Provisions of

3 B 2 imposed other StaraP

740

Acts in force to extend to this Act.

Commencement of this Act.

Act may be altered this Session.

imposed by any other Act or Acts in force with relation to any of the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps, so far as the same are or may be applicable in Cases not by this Act expressly provided for, and so far as the same shall not be superseded by and as the same shall be consistent with the express Provisions of this Act, shall be of full Force and Effect with respect to the Duties by this Act granted and to the Matters and Things charged or chargeable therewith, and shall be applied and put in execution for securing and collecting the said last-mentioned Duties, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing all Frauds, Forgeries, and other Offences relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Powers, Provisions, Regulations, Forfeitures, Pains, and Penalties had been repeated and specially enacted in this Act, with reference to the Duties by this Act granted and made payable.

CXIX. And be it enacted, That where the several Clauses and Provisions of this Act are not expressly directed to take effect from and after the passing thereof, such Clauses and Provisions, so far as they in any Manner relate to Stage Carriages, or to the Duties hereby granted in respect thereof, or of Licences to keep the same, or in respect of Passengers conveyed for Hire, shall commence and take effect on the Eleventh Day of October in this present Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two; and such Clauses and Provisions, so far as they in any Manner relate to the Duties hereby granted in respect of Horses let for Hire or of Licences to let the same, shall commence and take effect on the First Day of February in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three.

CXX. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers. SCHEDULE (A.)

CONTAINING

The Duties granted by this Act on Stage Carriages and on Licences to keep the same; (that is to say,)

For and in respect of every original Licence to DUTY.

be taken out yearly by the Person who shall

keep, use, or employ any Stage Carriage in Great Britain, (that is to say,) for every such £ s. d.

Stage Carriage - And for and in respect of every supplementary Licence for the same Carriage, for which any such original Licence shall have been granted, which shall be taken out in any of the several Cases provided for by this Act during the Period for which such original Licence was 5 0 0

granted - 0 10

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 120.

741

And for and in respect of every Mile which any such Stage Carriage shall be licensed to travel the several Sums following respectively; (that is to say,)

If such Stage Carriage shall be licensed to carry — Not more than Four Passengers More than Four and not more than Six Passengers -More than Six and not more than Nine Passengers -More than Nine and not more than Twelve Passengers -

More than Twelve and not more than Fifteen Passengers -

More than Fifteen and not more than Eighteen Passengers -

More than Eighteen and not more than Twenty-one Passengers -

And if such Stage Carriage shall be licensed to carry more than Twenty-one Passengers, then for every Three additional Passengers exceeding Twenty-one which such Stage Carriage shall be licensed to carry the additional Duty of -

And where such Excess above Twenty-one shall not be exactly Three or a Multiple of Three, then such additional Duty of One Halfpenny shall be payable also for any Number of such Excess being less than Three or progressively less than any Multiple of Three, which such Stage Carriage shall be licensed to carry.

Provided always, That the Number of Passengers for carrying of which any Stage Carriage shall be licensed shall be reckoned exclusive of the Coachman or Driver, and also exclusive of the Conductor or Guard if there shall be a Conductor or Guard.

Duty per Mile.

0 0 1

0 0 1 *

0 0 2

0 0 H

0 0 3

0 0

0 0 4

0 0 0

And also the Duties on Passengers conveyed for Hire by Carriages travelling upon Railways; (that is to say,)

The Proprietor or Company of Proprietors of every Railway in Great Britain along which any Passengers shall be conveyed for Hire in or upon Carriages drawn or impelled by the Power of Steam, or otherwise, shall pay for and in respect of all such Passengers at and after the Rate of One Halfpenny per Mile for every Four Passengers so conveyed.

And

3 B 3

And also the Duties on Horses let for Hire, and on Licences to let the same; (that is to say,)

For and in respect of every Licence to be taken out yearly by every Person who shall let any Horse for Hire m Great Britain -And for and in respect of every Horse let for Hire by the Mile at the usual Rate charged for Horses travelling Post at the Place at which such Horse shall be let for Hire; (that is to say,) for every Mile such Horse shall be hired, or used to travel or go

And for and in respect of every Horse let for Hire to go no greater Distance than< Eight Miles from the Place of letting -

DUTY.

sS s. d.

0 7 6

0 0 11

One Fifth Part of the Sura charged for such letting, or in lieu thereof at the Option of the Person letting the Horse,

0 1 9

And for and in respect of every Horse let for Hire to go no greater Distance than Eight Miles from the Place of letting, where such Horse shall not bring back any Person, and shall not deviate from the usual Line of Road between the Place of letting and the Place to which such Horse shall be hired to travel or go And for and in respect of every Horse let") for Hire, or used for any Period of Time less than Twenty-eight successive Days, or in any other Manner than as aforesaid And also for and in respect of every Horse let for Hire for Twenty-eight successive 1 Days, or for any longer Period of Time, f where any such Horse shall be returned in a less Period of Time than Twenty-eight successive Days, and shall not be exchanged for another Horse in continuation of the same Hiring - -j

Or in lieu of such last-mentioned One Fifth Part of such Sum (at the Option of the Person letting the Horse) , the following Duties for every Day such Horse shall be let for Hire or used, or shall (by virtue of any such letting) have been under the Direction of the Person to whom the same shall be hired; (that is to say,)

For every Day not exceeding Three Days And for every Day exceeding Three Days, and not exceeding Thirteen Days -

And for every Day exceeding Thirteen Days, and less than Twenty-eight Days

0 1 0

One Fifth Part of the Sum charged or received, or agreed to be received, on every such letting for Hire or using.

0 2 6

0 1 9

0 1 3

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 120.

743

SCHEDULE (B.)

CONTAINING

The Forms of Proceedings for the Recovery of Duties and Penalties under this Act.

No. 1.

Form of a Warrant of Distress for the Recovery of Stage Carriage Duties.

ToA.B. of, &c.

WHEREAS a Licence [or Licences] hath [or have] been granted, under the Provisions of the Statute in that Behalf made, to C.D. of, &c. to keep, use, and employ a Stage Carriage [or Stage Carriages], with Plates numbered respectively {here specify the Number or Numbers of the Plates appertaining to the Licence or Licences granted to C.D.-\: And whereas the said C.D. hath made default in Payment of the Sum of for the Duty

which hath become due and payable to His Majesty in respect of such Licence [or Licences] between the Day of

and the Day of

contrary to the Statute in that Case made and provided; therefore We and Esquires, Two of the Commissioners of Stamps, do hereby authorize and direct you to distrain the said C.D. by his Goods and Chattels, and also to seize and take all or any of the Carriages, Horses, Harness, and other Things made subject and liable to the said Duty by the Statute in that Behalf, and to levy thereon the said Sum of being the Amount of such Duty so due and

payable as aforesaid; and if within the Space of Five Days next after taking such Distress the said Sum of

together with the reasonable Costs and Charges of taking and keeping such Distress, shall not be paid, then we do hereby order and direct that you shall sell and dispose of the said Goods and Chattels, Carriages, Horses, Harness, and other Things which shall be so distrained, seized, and taken, and that you shall levy and raise thereout the said Sum of and all reason-

able Costs and Charges of taking, keeping, and selling such Distress, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner of the said Goods and Chattels; and you are to certify to the Commissioners of Stamps what you shall have done by virtue of this our Warrant. Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of

No. 2.

Form of Complaint whereon to found a Warrant of Distress for Recovery of Duties on Horses let for Hire.

BE it remembered, That on this Day of in the Year of our Lord

at in the

of A.B., an Officer of Stamp

Duties, [or a Collector or Farmer of the Duties on Horses let for Hire, as the Case may fo,] complaineth to me, C.D. Esquire,

3 B 4* One

County [or, os' the Case may be,] of

to wit.

744

C. 120.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832

One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said that E. O. of, &c. being liable,

under the Provisions of the Statute in that Behalf made, to account for and pay certain Duty granted to His Majesty by the said Statute for and in respect of divers Horses let for Hire by the said E. O. in the said of

hath neglected to account for and pay to the proper Collector or Officer appointed to receive such Duty, according to the Directions of the said Statute, the Sum of due

and owing from the said E. O. to His said Majesty [or to the said A.B., or to G.H. His Majesty's Farmer of the said Duties, if the Case be so,] for such Duty as aforesaid; and thereupon the said A.B. prayeth of me, the said Justice, that the said E. O. may be summoned to appear and show Cause, if any he have, why, upon due Proof being made of the Sura due and owing from him for such Duty as aforesaid, a Warrant of Distress should not be granted for Recovery thereof, pursuant to the Directions of the said Statute.

Taken and received by me the Day I and Year first above written. J

No. 3.

Form of a Summons on the foregoing Complaint.

To E. 0. of, &c.

WHEREAS Complaint hath been made unto me, C.D. Esquire, One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the of that you, being liable, under the Provisions of the Statute in that Behalf made, to account for and pay certain Duty granted to His Majesty by the said Statute for and in respect of divers Horses let for Hire by you in the said have neglected to account for and pay

to the proper Collector or Officer appointed to receive such Duty, according to the Directions of the said Statute, the Sum of due and owing from you to His said Majesty

[or to A.B. His Majesty's Farmer of the said Duties] for such Duty as aforesaid: These are therefore to summon you to be and appear at in the said

on the Day of at the Hour of

in the Noon of the same Day, before

me the said Justice, or before such other of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said as shall be then present, in order that you may show Cause, if any you have, why, on due Proof being made of the Sum of Money due and owing from you for such Duty as aforesaid, a Warrant of Distress should not be granted for the Recovery thereof, pursuant to the Directions of the said Statute; and if you fail to appear accordingly such Proceedings will be taken as if you had appeared, and had not shown any sufficient Cause why such Warrant should not be granted.

Given under my Hand and Seal, this

of

Day

County [or, as the Case may he, '] of

to wit.

A.D. 1832.

2° &3<> GULIELMI IV. C. 120.

745

No. 4*.

Form of a Warrant of Distress founded on the foregoing

Complaint.

To the Constable of [or to C.D. of, &c.

as the Case may be.-\

WHEREAS Complaint hath been made that E. O. of, &c. being liable,

under the Provisions of the Statute in that Behalf made, to account for and pay certain Duty granted to His Majesty by the said Statute for and in respect of divers Horses let for Hire by the said E. O. in the said of hath neglected to account for and pay to the proper

Collector or Officer appointed to receive such Duty, according to the Directions of the said Statute, the Sum of due and owing from the said E. O. to His said Majesty [or to A. E. His Majesty's Farmer of the said Duties] for such Duty as aforesaid: And whereas the said E. O. hath been duly summoned, and due Proof hath been made on Oath before me that the Sum of is due and owing from the said E. O. for such Duty

as aforesaid, and that he hath neglected to pay the same: Therefore I command you to distrain the said E. O. by his Goods and Chattels, and also to seize and take all or any of the Carriages, Horses, Harness, and other Things made subject and liable to the said Duty by the Statute in that Behalf, and to levy thereon the said last-mentioned Sum, being the Amount of such Duty due as aforesaid, and also the further Sum of for the

Costs, Charges, and Expences of proceeding for and obtaining this Warrant, and of the Proceedings incident and relating thereto, making together the Sum of and if within the

Space of Five Days next after the taking of such Distress the said Sum of together with the reasonable Costs and

Charges of taking and keeping such Distress, shall not be paid, then I do hereby order and direct that you shall sell and dispose of the said Goods and Chattels which shall be so distrained, seized, and taken, and that you shall levy and raise thereout the said Sum of and all reasonable Costs and Charges of

taking, keeping, and selling such Distress, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner of the said Goods and Chattels; and you are to certify to me what you shall have done by virtue of this my Warrant.

Given under my Hand and Seal, this Day

of

(Signed)

One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said of

County [or, as the Case maybe,] of

to wit.

746

C. 120.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832

No. 5.

Form of a Warrant of Commitment for Want of sufficient Distress, founded on the foregoing Complaint.

To the Constable of in the

of and also to the Keeper of the Common Gaol [or House of Correction") at in the said

WHEREAS Complaint was made that E.O. of, &c. being liable, under the Provisions of the Statute in that Behalf made, to account for and pay certain Duty granted to His Majesty by the said Statute for and in respect of divers Horses let for Hire by the said E.O. in the said of had

refused and neglected to account for and pay to the proper Collector or Officer appointed to receive such Duty, according to the Directions of the said Statute, the Sum of due and

owing from the said E.O. to His said Majesty [or to AJB. His Majesty's Farmer of the said Duties] for such Duty as aforesaid: And whereas the said E. O. was duly summoned, and due Proof was made on Oath that the Sum of was due and

owing from the said E.O. for such Duty as aforesaid, and that he had neglected to pay the same: And whereas a Warrant has been issued, directed to C.D. of commanding him, by

Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels made subject and liable to the said Duty by the Statute in that Behalf, to levy the said last-mentioned Sum, being the Amount of such Duty as aforesaid due and owing from the said E. O., and also the further Sum of for the Costs, Charges, and Expences of

proceeding for and obtaining the said Warrant, and of the Proceedings incident and relating thereto, making together the Sum of and it now appearing to me, by the Oath of the said C.D., that no sufficient Distress can be found whereon to levy the said Duty, Costs, and Charges, [or, in case an insufficient Distress shall have been taken: And whereas the said C.D.hath certified to me that he hath, under the said Warrant, levied and raised the Sum of only, and it now appearing to me, by the

Oath of the said C.D., that no sufficient Distress can be found whereon to levy the Residue of the said Duty, Costs, and Charges]: Therefore I command you, the said Constable of to

apprehend and take the said E.O. and safely to convey him to the Common Gaol [or House of Correction] of the said at in the said and there to deliver him to

the Keeper thereof, together with this Warrant: And I do hereby command you, the said Keeper, to receive into your Custody in the said Gaol [or House of Correction] him the said E. O., and him therein safely to keep until the said Sum of or until the Sum of the Residue of the said Duty, Costs,

and Charges remaining after deducting the said Sum of so levied and raised as aforesaid, shall be fully paid and satisfied. Given under my Hand and Seal, this Day of

(Signed)

One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said of

County [or, as the Case may be, -\ of

to wit.

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 120.

74 7

No. 6.

Form of an Information for the Recovery of a Penalty under this Act.

County [or, oiT BE it remembered, That on the the Case may be,] I Day of in the Year of our Lord

° to wit J at in the

of A.B. of, &c.

[or A.B. an Officer

of Stamp Duties, or a Collector or Farmer of the Duty on Horses let for Hire, as the Case may be,] cometh before me, C.D. Esquire, One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said and informeth me, the said Justice, that E. O. of heretofore, to wit, on the Day of in

the Year of our Lord at in the said

did [here state the Offence], contrary to the Form, of the Statute in such Case made and provided, whereby the said E. O. hath forfeited for his said Offence the Sum of Taken and received by me the Day and Year first above written. j

to wit.

No. 7.

Form of a Summons on the foregoing Information.

To E. O. of, &c.

WHEREAS an Information hath been exhibited the Case may be,] I before me, C.D. Esquire, One of His Majesty's J Justices of the Peace for the J of charging that you, the above-

named E. 0.y on the Day of at

did [here state the Substance of the Charge], whereby you have forfeited the Sum of These are therefore

to require you personally to be and appear before me the said Justice, or before such other of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said as shall be then present at

on the Day of

at the Hour of in the Noon of the same

Day, then and there to answer the same Information and to make your Defence thereto; and if you fail to appear accordingly such Proceedings will be taken as if you had personally appeared, and had not made any Defence to the said Charge.

Given under my Hand and Seal, this Day

of

No. 8.

Form of a Conviction on the foregoing Information.

BE it remembered, That on the Day of at C.D. of,

&c. was duly convicted before me One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for in pursuance of an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled " An Act," &c.

[Title of this Act], for that the said C.D. on the Day of did [here state

the County [or, as the Case may be,] of

to wit.

748

C. 120.

2 & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

the Offence, as the Case may happen to he,] contrary to the Form of the Statute in that Case made and provided; for which Offence I do adjudge that the said C.D. hath forfeited the Sum of and [if the Justice mitigate the Penalty] which

Sum of I do hereby mitigate to the Sum of

over and above the Sum of for the

Costs and Charges of E.F., the Informer, in prosecuting this Conviction.

Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day of

No. 9.

Form of a Warrant of Distress founded on the foregoing

Conviction.

To the Constable of in the

of

WHEREAS E.O. of, &c. has been duly convicted the Case may be], I of a certain Offence, for that [here state the of . I Offence, as in the Conviction, '] whereby he hath W1 J forfeited the Sum of [and,

in case of Mitigation, which hath been mitigated to the Sum of ], over and above the reasonable Costs and Charges of the Informer, allowed and assessed at the Sum of Therefore I command you to levy the said Sum of and also the said Sum of for the Costs and Charges

aforesaid, making together the Sum of by dis-

training the Goods and Chattels of the said E\ O., and by seizing and taking all or any of the Carriages, Horses, Harness, and other Things made subject and liable by the Statute in that Behalf to be seised and taken, to satisfy the Penalty, Costs, and Charges aforesaid; and if, within the Space of Five Days next after such Distress taken, the said Sum of together with the reasonable Costs and Charges of taking and keeping such Distress, shall not be paid, then I order and direct that you shall sell and dispose of the said Goods and Chattels which shall be so distrained, seized, and taken as aforesaid, and shall levy and raise thereout the said Sum of and

all reasonable Costs and Charges of taking and keeping and selling such Distress, rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Owner of the said Goods and Chattels; and you are to certify to me what you shall have done by virtue of this my Warrant.

Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day

of

(Signed)

One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said of

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. c. 120, 121.

749

No. 10.

Form of a Warrant of Commitment for Want of a sufficient Distress, founded on the foregoing Conviction.

To the Constable of and to the Keeper of the

Common Gaol [or House of Correction] at in the said

WHEREAS E.O. of, <fcc. has been duly convicted of a certain Offence, for that [here state the Offence, as in the Conviction, whereby he hath forfeited the Sum of [and, in case of Mitigation, which hath been mitigated to the Sum of ],

over and above the reasonable Costs and Charges of the Informer, allowed and assessed at the Sum of making together

the Sum of And whereas it has been duly made to

appear to me that no sufficient Distress can be found whereon to levy the said Sum of Therefore I command you,

the Constable of to apprehend and take the said

E\0., and safely to convey him to the Common Gaol [or House of Correction] at in the of

and there to deliver him to the Keeper thereof, together with this Warrant: And I do hereby command you, the said Keeper, to receive into your Custody in the said Gaol [or House of Correction] him the said E.O., and him therein safely to keep for the Space of unless the said Sum of

shall be sooner paid.

Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day

of

(Signed)

One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said of

CAP. CXXI.

An Act to enable His Majesty to carry into effect a Convention made between His Majesty and the King of the French and Emperor of all the 1Russia#, and the King of Bavaria.

[16th August 1832.]

WHEREAS by a Convention made and signed at London,

* on the Seventh Day of Mag One thousand eight hundred ' and thirty-two, between His Majesty and the King of the 1 French and the Emperor of all the Russias on the one Part and the King of Bavaria on the other Part, the Hereditary Sovereignty of Greece was offered, by the Courts of Great Britain, i France, and Russia, to the Prince Frederick Otho of Bavaria,

Second Son of His Majesty the King of Bavaria, and the same

was accepted by His said Majesty the King of Bavaria, acting

in the Character of Guardian of the said Prince Otho during

his Minority: And whereas an Article was agreed upon between ' the said Contracting Parties to the following Effect; (that is to ' say,)

Article XII. — In execution of the Stipulations of the Protocol of the Twentieth of February One thousand eight hundred

County [or, as the Case may be,] of

to wit.

750

C. 120.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

His Majesty may guarantee the Loan to be contracted by Prince Otho of

hundred and thirty, His Majesty the Emperor of all the Russias engages to guarantee, and Their Majesties the King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland 6 and the King of the French engage to recommend, the former to His Parliament, the latter to His Chambers, to enable Their Majesties to guarantee, on the following Conditions, a Loan to be contracted by the Prince Otho of Bavaria, as King of Greece:

4 First, The Principal of the Loan, to be contracted under the Guarantee of the Three Powers, shall not exceed 4 a Total Amount of Sixty Millions of Francs:

Second, The said Loan shall be raised by Instalments of Twenty Millions of Francs each:

4 Third, For the present, the First Instalment only shall be raised, and the Three Courts shall each become responsible for the Payment of One Third of the annual Amount of the Interest and Sinking Fund of the said Instalment:

4 Fourth, The Second and the Third Instalments of the said Loan may also be raised according to the Necessities of the Greek State, after previous Agreement between the Three Courts and His Majesty the King of Greece:

4 Fifth, In the Event of the Second and Third Instalments of the above-mentioned Loan being raised in consequence of such an Agreement, the Three Courts shall each become responsible for the Payment of One 4 Third of the annual Amount of the Interest and Sink-

ing Fund of these Two Instalments, as well as of the

First:

Sixth, The Sovereign of Greece and the Greek State shall be bound to appropriate to the Payment of the Interest and Sinking Fund of such Instalments of the Loan as

may have been raised under the Guarantee of the Three Courts the First Revenues of the State, in such Manner that the actual Receipts of the Cheek Treasury shall be devoted first of all to the Payment of the said Interest and Sinking Fund, and shall not be employed for any other Purpose, until those Payments on account of the Instalments of the Loan raised under the Guarantee of the Three Courts shall have been completely secured for the current Year:

4 The Diplomatic Representatives of the Three Courts in Greece shall be specially charged to watch over the Fulfilment of the last-mentioned Stipulation:

And whereas it is expedient that His Majesty should be enabled to carry into effect the said Convention:' Be it therefore enacted by the King s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and they are hereby authorized, to guarantee the Loan to be contracted by Prince Otho of Bavaria, as King of Greece, upon the Terms and Conditions specified in the said

A.D. 1832.

751

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. c. 121, 122.

Twelfth Article of the said Convention; and that for the Purpose of giving effect to the said Guarantee, the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them, for the Time being, respectively shall be, and he and they is and are hereby empowered from Time to Time, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to cause to be issued such Sums of Money as shall be required for the Payment of any Interest or Sinking Fund agreed to be paid by His Majesty, under the said Convention, as and when the same may from Time to Time respectively become payable, and so long as the same should be payable conformably to the Tenor of His Majesty's Engagements as specified in the said Convention.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being shall cause to be prepared, and shall lay before both Houses of Parliament within Twenty Days after the Commencement of every Session of Parliament, an Account, up to the Thirty-first Day of December then next preceding, of the Total Sums, if any, which shall from Time to Time have been issued and applied by virtue of this Act for paying and satisfying any Interest on the said Part of the said Loan so agreed to be guaranteed by His said Majesty, or towards paying and satisfying any Principal thereof.

CAP. CXXII.

An Act for making Provision for the Lord High Chancellor

of England in lieu of Fees heretofore received by him.

[16th August 1832.]

WHEREAS by an Act made and passed in the Fifty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to provide additional Salaries to the present Clerks in the Report ' Office of the High Court of Chancery, and to provide additional ' Clerks for the said Office, and for making further Provision for the Clerks i?i the said Office, and of the several Acts therein mentioned or referred to, divers Sums of Money have been, by virtue of several Orders of the said Court of Chancery, from Time to Time taken out of the common and general Cash belonging to the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery which lay dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, and have been placed out in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and such Government or Parliamentary Securities have been, in pursuance of the said Acts, carried to an Account intituled Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery," and out of the Dividends and Interest of the Securities purchased in pursuance of the said several Acts several annual Sums and Salaries to the Master of the Report Office, and to the Registrars and Entering Clerks, and to their Clerks, and several other Payments thereby directed to be made and paid, have been from Time to Time made and paid; and the surplus Interest and annual Produce arising from the said Securities

beyond

Bavaria; and the Treasury may issue the Sums necessary to pay the Interest or Sinking Fund, conformably to the Convention.

Accounts to be laid before Parliament.

58 G. 3. c. lxxx.

752

C. 122.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 182.

53 G. 3. c. 24.

beyond what was sufficient to answer the several Payments thereby and by the several other Acts therein mentioned or referred to directed to be made and paid, and also the Interest produced from the Securities purchased with such surplus Interest and annual Produce, have been from Time to Time, in pursuance of the said last-mentioned Act, laid out in the Purchase of Government or Parliamentary Securities in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, and placed to the Credit of an Account intituled " Account of Securities purchased with surplus Interest arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better

44 Security of the Suitors of the High Court of ChanceryAnd whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to facilitate the Administration of Justice, it is enacted, that out of the common and general Cash belonging to the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, which did then or should thereafter lie dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, the said Court was empowered from Time to Time to order any Sum not exceeding Sixty thousand Pounds to be placed out, in One Sum 4 or in Parcels, in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and that such Securities should be carried to the said Account intituled Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, and should be made Part of the same Account; and out of the Interest and Dividends of all of any of the Securities purchased out of the said common and general Cash, in pursuance of the several former Acts therein mentioned or referred to, purchased and to be purchased in pursuance of the now-reciting Act, 4 there should be paid, by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of any Orders to be made by the said Court for that Purpose, amongst other yearly Payments thereby

directed, the net yearly Sum of Five thousand Pounds to the Vice Chancellor of England for the Time being; and it was thereby further enacted, that the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal for the Time being,

should, from the Time a Vice Chancellor should be appointed,

pursuant to the now-reciting Act, out of the Fees and Emoluments belonging to and received in respect of the Custody of the Great Seal or otherwise, pay or cause to be paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England the net yearly Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds, by quarterly Payments; and that all such Sums of Money, when so paid, should be carried to the Account of the Interest and Dividends of the several Securities standing in the Name of the Accountant General therein-before mentioned or referred to, and be applied to all the Purposes to which such Interest and Dividends then were or might be applicable: And whereas the yearly Sum 4 of Five thousand Pounds is now paid and payable to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, for the Time being, at His Majesty's Exchequer, and it is expedient that such yearly Payment should from and after the Fifth Day of t January last cease and be no longer payable s

And

A.EU832.

C.I22.

753

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV.

And whereas the Clerk of the Crown, the Clerk of the Letters Patent, the Secretary of Fines, and the Purse Bearer to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper and Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, for the Time being, or their several and respective Deputies, Clerks, or Agents, have from Time to Time and do now receive various Fees and Emoluments which are due and of right payable for Business done and transacted by them in or by virtue of their respective Offices, to and for the Use and on the Account of the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper and Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain, for the Time being, which Mode of Remuneration is very uncertain, 4 as well as derogatory to the Dignity of such Office, and it is expedient that a more certain and adequate Provision should be made for the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners, in lieu and stead of such Fees, and that the annual Payment of Two thousand five hundred Pounds, so by the last recited Act directed to be made and paid by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, 4 for the Time being, in the Manner and for the Purposes thereby directed and provided, should, from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, cease and be no longer payable, and that the annual Sum of Five thousand Pounds thereby directed to be paid to the Vice Chancellor of England out of the Interest and Dividends of the several Stocks, 4 Funds, and Securities standing in the Name of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery to the Two several Accounts first herein-before mentioned, should, from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, be no longer paid or payable out of such Interest and Dividends: And whereas it is expedient that a further Sum, out of the common and general Cash belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, 4 now lying dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, should be laid out and invested in the Public Stocks, Funds, and Securities, and carried to the Account herein-after mentioned, the better to answer and satisfy, by and out of the Dividends and Interest thereof, the several annual Payments hereby and by any and every former Act and Acts of Parliament now or hereafter to be subsisting and payable thereout be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That out of the common and general Cash belonging to the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, which now lies or shall hereafter lie dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, a Sum not exceeding the Sum of One hundred and fifty thousand Pounds shall and may, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court to be made for that Purpose, from Time to Time be placed out, in One entire Sum or in Parcels, in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, according to the General Rules and Orders of the said Court, on such Government or Parliamentary Securities as by such Order or Orders shall be directed; and such Securities shall be carried to the said first-mentioned Account intituled Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High 2&3 Gul. IV. 3C Court

150,000l. to be carried to the Fund for Belief t of the Suitors of the Court of Chancery.

754

Power to change the Securities.

Money placed out to be called in, if required for answering the Demands of Suitors.

Repeal of so much of 53 G. 3. c. 24. as relates to Payments to be made by the Bank and by the Lord Chancellor to the Vice Chancellor *

10,000l. per Annum to be in future paid out of Suitors Fund to the Lord Chancellor.

C. 122. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 182.

Court of Chancery, and shall be made and form Part of the same Account.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, by any Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery, to change the Security or Securities to be purchased pursuant to this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, for other Government or Parliamentary Securities, and again to change such Securities respectively from Time to Time, and to give all necessary Directions for such Purposes.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at any Time hereafter the Whole or any Part of the Money so to be placed out and invested pursuant to this Act shall be wanted to answer any of the Demands of the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, then and in such Case the said Court may and shall direct the same or any Part thereof to be called in, or the Securities on which the same shall be placed to be disposed of, in order that the Suitors of the said Court may at all Times be paid their respective Demands out of the common and general Cash belonging to such Suitors.

IV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act made and passed in the Fifty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for facilitating the Administration of Justice, as enacts, that out of the Interest and Dividends of all or any of the Securities purchased out of the common and general Cash in pursuance of former Acts, and to

be purchased in pursuance of that Act, there shall be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England the net yearly Sum of Five thousand Pounds to the Vice Chancellor of England for the Time being, and so much of the said Act as directs that the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Time being should, from the Time a Vice Chancellor should be appointed as therein mentioned, out of the Fees and Emoluments belonging to and received in respect of the Custody of the Great Seal, or otherwise, pay or cause to be paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England the net yearly Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds, in manner therein mentioned, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and all quarterly Payments of the said annual Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds which are or would have accrued due thereon shall from and after the Fifth Day of January last cease and be no longer paid or payable.

V. And be it further enacted, That out of the Interest and Dividends that have arisen or may hereafter arise from the Government or Parliamentary Securities now or hereafter to be placed to the said Two several above-mentioned Accounts, intituled " Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and " better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, *' and " Account of Securities purchased with surplus Interest " arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed " out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the " High Court of Chancery," there shall be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, without any Draft from the Accountant General of the said Court, (but subject and without Prejudice to the Payment of all Salaries and Sums of

4 Money

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 122.

755

Money by any former Act directed or authorized to be paid thereout,) the net yearly Sum of Ten thousand Pounds to the Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain, for the Time being, as and for a yearly Salary, to be paid from Time to Time quarterly free and clear of and from all Taxes, Deductions, or Abatements whatsoever out of the same or any Part thereof, and to commence and be computed from the Eleventh Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, and to be from thenceforth payable quarterly on the Eleventh Day of January, the Eleventh Day of April, the Eleventh Day of July, and the Eleventh Day of October in every Year, by equal Portions, the first quarterly Payment thereof to be paid and payable as due on the Eleventh Day of April now last past; and that if any Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, for the Time being, shall die or resign, the Executor or Administrator of the Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners, so dying, and the Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners, so resigning, shall be entitled to receive and shall be paid such proportionable Part of the Salary aforesaid as shall have accrued during the Time that such Person or Persons shall have executed the Office of Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners, since the last quarterly Payment thereof; and that the succeeding Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners, shall be entitled to receive a like Portion of the Salary as shall be accruing or shall accrue from the Day of the Death or Resignation of the preceding Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk of the Crown, the Clerk of the Letters Patent, the Secretary of Fines, and the Purse Bearer to the Lord Chancellor, for the Time being, and their Successors in the said several Offices, and each and every of them, and their several and respective Deputies, Clerks, or Agents, to have, receive, and take all and every the Fees and Emoluments which have been accustomed to be paid, and which are of Right to be paid and payable and received by them respectively by virtue of their said several Offices or Appointments, or any of them, for the Use and on the Account of the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, for the Time being, which shall hereafter accrue due and become payable, or which shall have accrued due and become payable since the Eleventh Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, for the Business done by them respectively in their said Offices; and that such Fees and Emoluments as have accrued and been received between the said Eleventh Day of January and the Eleventh Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two shall be forthwith accounted for and paid by them respectively into the Bank of England in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, to an Account to be intituled " An Account of Fees formerly payable to the Lord Chancellor;" and that such Fees and Emoluments which have or shall accrue due and payable from and after the Eleventh Day of July One

3 C 2 thousand

Officers to account for Fees.

756

C. 122.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Investment of Money paid in to the Account of Fees.

Annuities to be henceforth payable to certain Officers of Chancery in lieu of Fees.

2W.4. c. 56.

thousand eight hundred and thirty-two shall in like Manner be accounted for and paid as aforesaid once in every Three Months; and that such Fees shall on each Payment be verified by the Oath of the accounting Party; and such Payment into the Bank to the said last-mentioned Account shall be certified by the Accountant General of the said Court to the Lord Chancellor, or in such other Manner as he shall by any Order of the said Court direct.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, by any Order or Orders of the said Court for that Purpose, from Time to Time to order and direct that the Money so paid in to the said Account of Fees formerly payable to the Lord Chancellor be from Time to Time invested in the Purchase of Parliamentary or Government Securities, to be placed to the Account intituled " Account of Securities " purchased with surplus Interest arising from Securities carried " to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better " Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery."

VIII. And whereas certain Salaries, Perquisites, and Allow ances have been heretofore payable by His Majesty's Letters Patent to the Lord High Chancellor, and charged upon the ' Office of the Keeper or Clerk of His Majesty's Hanaper in ' Chancery, and the said Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper has

been accustomed to collect and receive certain Fees for the Use of the Lord Chancellor for the Time 'being, but which

Salaries, Perquisites, Allowances, and Fees it is desirable should ' cease to be payable to the said Lord Chancellor from the Fifth Day of January last: And whereas by the Provisions of a certain Act of Parliament passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to establish a Court in

Bankruptcy, it is enacted, that certain Compensations shall be

made to the Clerk of the Hanaper and other Officers of the ' Lord Chancellor and of the High Court of Chancery for the ' Loss of Fees under the Operation of the said Act, and that

it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's

Treasury to ascertain the Amount of the lawful Fees and

Emoluments of the said Officers, and to award an Annuity or

Annuities of such an Amount and for such Term as the Lords of the Treasury shall find to be a fair and reasonable Compensation for the Loss to be sustained by all or any of the Officers aforesaid by the Abolition of the said Fees; and that such

Annuity or Annuities shall be paid out of the Fund mentioned

in the said Act, to be entitled " The Secretary of Bankrupts ' Compensation Account:" And whereas the said Keeper or 6 Clerk of His Majesty's Hanaper, the Six Clerk Comptroller of the Hanaper, the Sealer, the Officer called the Chaff Wax, and the Examiner of the Letters Patent, have sustained a Loss by ' the Abolition of the said Fees, and such Officers have heretofore received and retained their Fees out of the Public

Monies heretofore passing through their Hands of the said ' Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper be it enacted, That from and out of the Public Monies passing through the Hands of the said Keeper or Clerk of His Majesty's Hanaper in Chancery, and from and out of the same Fund as the said Allowances to

the

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 122.

757

the said Lord Chancellor have heretofore been paid to the said Lord Chancellor for the Time being, there shall be paid by the said Keeper or Clerk of His Majesty's Hanaper, in every Year, into the Bank of England, to the Credit of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to the Account to be entitled " The Secretary of Bankrupts Compensation Account," such a Sum of Money as shall be equal to the Annuities or Annuity which the said Lords of the Treasury shall find to be from Time to Time payable to the said Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper, the Six Clerk Comptroller of the Hanaper, the Sealer, the Chaff Wax, and the Examiner of the Letters Patent, during such Time as the said Lords of the Treasury shall find that such Annuities or Annuity ought to be paid to the said several Officers respectively; provided that such Sum so to be paid to the said Accountant General for the Purposes aforesaid shall be certified annually by the said Lords of the Treasury, and shall in no One Year exceed the Amount which in any such Year but for this Act would have been payable to the Lord Chancellor for the Time being, for the Salaries, Perquisites, Allowances, and Fees aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Payments to be made by the said Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper to the said Accountant General, for the Purposes aforesaid, and all and every Annuities and Annuity payable out of the said Account to be entitled " The Secretary of Bankrupts Compensation Account," shall respectively commence and become due from the Eleventh Day of January last, and shall be paid and payable by equal half-yearly Payments; and that if any or either of the Officers or Persons to whom the said Annuities or either of them shall be due or payable for the Time being shall resign or die, such Officer or Person so resigning, and the Executor or Administrator of such Officer or Person so dying, shall be entitled to receive and shall be paid such proportionable Part of their respective Annuities as shall have accrued during the Time that such Person or Persons shall have executed such respective Office since the last half-yearly Payment, and that the Person or Persons succeeding to any such Office or Offices shall be entitled to receive such proportionate Part of their said respective Annuities as shall accrue from the Death or Resignation of the Person or Persons so dying or resigning.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Receipt and Receipts of the said Accountant General shall be a good and sufficient Acquittance and Discharge to the Keeper or Clerk of His Majesty's Hanaper in Chancery for the Time being for the Payment of the Sums aforesaid, and shall be taken, acknowledged, and received as such by the Commissioners for auditing Public Accounts.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Salaries, Perquisites, Allowances, and Fees heretofore payable as aforesaid by the said Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper to the Lord Chancellor shall, with such Deductions as have been heretofore made therefrom, cease to be payable to the Lord Chancellor as from the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, and that the same from and after that Day shall be paid to or retained by

Such Annuities to be payable half-yearly.

Accountant General's Receipt a good Discharge.

Perquisites heretofore received by Lord Chancellor from Clerk of Hanaper to cease.

C. 122.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

1.199Z- 5s. 6d. paid to the Lord Chancellor as a Portion of his Salary, to he repaid, and form Part of the Consolidated Fund.

All Charges on the Office of Lord Chancellor to cease from .5th Jan. last.

Payment of Costs of this Act, and of Proceedings under same;

Powers given in this Act to Lord Chancellor may be used by his Successors.

the said Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper for the Time being, and shall be appropriated in the same Manner as all Public Monies received in the said Office in discharge of the various Claims thereupon, the said Keeper or Clerk debiting himself in his Public Accounts with the Receipt of the said Fees.

XII. And whereas there has been paid to the Lord Chancellor at the Exchequer, on account of the Salary usually payable out of the Civil List Revenue, the Sum of One thousand one hundred and ninety-nine Pounds Five Shillings and Sixpence, 4 being the Proportion of the same due from the Eleventh Day 4 of January to the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two: And whereas the Salary hereby granted is directed to commence and be payable from the Eleventh Day 4 of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, and it is therefore expedient that the said Sum' so received as aforesaid should be repaid; be it therefore enacted, That the said Sum of One thousand one hundred and ninety-nine Pounds Five Shillings and Sixpence shall be repaid by the Lord Chancellor into the Exchequer, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

XIII. And whereas there are charged upon and made payable by the Lord Chancellor for the Time being certain Duties of Land Tax, and otherwise, in respect of his said Office, and it is intended that the Salary hereby provided for the said Lord Chancellor shall be free of all Charge; be it enacted, That all Taxes, Rates, and Charges heretofore payable by the Lord Chancellor for the Time being in respect of his said Office, for Land Tax, or otherwise howsoever, shall cease to be payable from the Fifth Day of January now last.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That out of the Interest arising from Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, and Interest arising from Securities purchased with Surplus Interest arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, the Costs and Charges incurred in procuring and passing this Act, and of all Proceedings had or to be had in pursuance thereof, or under the same, shall be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of an Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpose, but subject and without Prejudice to the Payment of all Salaries and other Sums of Money which by the several Acts herein-before mentioned or referred to, or any other Act heretofore made, are directed and authorized to be paid thereout.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Powers and Authorities given in this Act to the Lord High Chancellor shall and may be exercised in like Manner and are hereby given to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal respectively, for the Time being.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 123.

759

CAP. CXXIII.

An Act for abolishing the Punishment of Death in certain Cases of Forgery.

[16th August 1832.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the First Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for reducing into

4 One Act all such Forgeries as shall hereafter be punished with Deaths and for otherwise amending the Laws relative to Forgery,

it was provided, that if any Person should after the Commencement of that Act be convicted of any Forgery or other Offence therein named or described, for which he would at the Time of the passing of that Act have been liable to the Punishment of Death, he should not suffer Death for the same, unless the same should be made punishable with Death by that Act: And whereas by the Law and Practice now prevailing in Scotland and in Ireland the Penalty of Death may be awarded, in certain Cases, for Forgery, for uttering counterfeit Instruments,

and for false Personation: And whereas it is expedient to abolish the Punishment of Death for Offences of that Nature, 4 except so far as relates to Wills and certain Powers of Attorney, 4 as herein-after mentioned; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That where any Person shall after the passing of this Act be convicted of any Offence whatsoever for which the said Act enjoins or authorizes the Infliction of the Punishment of Death, or where any Person shall after the passing of this Act be convicted in Scotland or Ireland of any Offence now punishable with Death, which Offence shall consist wholly or in part of forging or altering any Writing, Instrument, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, or of offering, uttering, or disposing of any Writing, Instrument, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, knowing the same to be forged or altered, or of falsely personating another, then and in each of the Cases aforesaid the Person so convicted of any such Offence as aforesaid, or of procuring or aiding or assisting in the Commission thereof, shall not suffer Death, or have Sentence of Death awarded against him, but shall be transported beyond the Seas for the Term of such Offender's Life.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That notwithstanding any thing herein-before contained this Act shall not be construed to affect or alter the said recited Act, or any other Act or Law now in force, so far as the same may authorize the Punishment of Death to be inflicted upon any Person convicted, either in England, Scotland or Ireland, of forging or altering, or of offering, uttering, or disposing of, knowing the same to be forged or altered, any Will, Testament, Codicil, or Testamentary Writing, with Intent to defraud any Body Corporate or Person whatsoever, or of forging or altering, or of uttering, knowing the same to be forged or altered, any Power of Attorney or other Authority to transfer any Share or Interest of or in any Stock, Annuity, or other Public Fund which now is or hereafter may be transferrable at the Bank of England or South Sea House, or at the Bank of

3 C 4 Ireland,

1 W. 4. C. 66.

Persons hereafter convicted of Crimes punishable with Death under recited Act shall not suffer Death, but shall be transported for Life.

This Act not to extend to Punishments for forging or altering Wills and certain Powers of Attorney.

760 C. 123, 124. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Ireland, or to receive any Dividend payable in respect of any such Share or Interest, with Intent to defraud any Body Corporate or Person whatsoever, or of procuring, aiding, or assisting; in the Commission of any of the said Offences, but that the Punishment for each and every of the said Offences, and for procuring, aiding, or assisting in the Commission thereof, shall continue to be the same as if this Act had not been passed.

It shall not be

III. And in order to prevent Justice from being defeated by

necessary to set cjerica] or verbal Inaccuracies, be it enacted, That in all Infor-lortli lody or . _ ' n n.

mations or Indictments for forging or in any Manner uttering any

Instrument or Writing, it shall not be necessary to set forth any Copy or Facsimile thereof, but it shall be sufficient to describe the same in such Manner as would sustain an Indictment for stealing the same; any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

Facsimile of forged Instrument in Indictment.

CAP. CXXIV.

An Act to explain certain Provisions in Local Acts of Parliament relating to Doable Toll on Turnpike Roads.

[16th August 1832.]

WHEREAS divers Local Acts now in force for making,

repairing, and improving Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England authorize Tolls to be collected* 4. and taken at certain Toll Gates and Turnpike Gates erected

upon or on the Sides of such Turnpike Roads, for or in respect of Waggons, Carts, and Carriages, or the Horse or Horses or other Beast or Beasts drawing the same, passing through the said Toll Gates and Turnpike Gates: And whereas many of the said Acts authorize Double Toll to be taken at such Toll Gates or Turnpike Gates at particular Periods of the Year, for or in respect of Waggons, Carts, or Carriages laden with several heavy Goods and Articles therein respectively specified, or for or in respect of the Horse or Horses or other Beast or Beasts drawing the same, passing through the said Gates: And whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Construction of the said Provisions relative to Double Toll; and in many Cases Treble Tolls have been demanded and taken for Carriages and Horses, liable in the first instance to Single Toll only, passing through the said Gates, but which have afterwards repassed on the same Day 4 laden with such Articles as rendered them liable to Double Toll, 4 in which Case Double Toll has been demanded and paid on such repassing:' Be it therefore enacted and declared by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

Waggons, Carts, same, That in every Case in which by virtue or under the Autho-&c. having rity of any Local Act now or hereafter to be made, for making, passed through repairing, or improving any Turnpike Road in that Part of Great Gotland aid Britain called England, Double Toll as aforesaid shall be imposed Single Toll^ on any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, or any Horse or Horses thereat, ifsubject or other Beast or Beasts drawing the same, which at the Time to Double Toil of first passing through any Turnpike Gate or Toll Gate shall in returning, have been liable to and shall have paid Single Toll only, shall, on

repassing

A.D. 1832.

761

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. c. 124, 125.

repassing through the same Turnpike Gate or Toll Gate on the same Day, before Twelve of the Clock at Night, so laden as to be subject to Double Toll, be liable to pay One other Single Toll only and no more, making, together with the Toll first paid, Two Single Tolls in the whole; any thing in any Local Act or Acts to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That henceforth, notwithstanding any Provision to the contrary, any Waggon on which a Penalty for Overweight has been levied shall, on Receipt of a Ticket to that Effect, be exempted from any further Penalty for Overweight on that Day and on the same Trust, provided there be no Alteration of the Loading of such Waggon.

CAP. CXXV.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount, for the Purposes and in the Manner therein mentioned; and for giving Relief to Trinidad, British Guiana, and St. Lucie.

[16th August 1832.]

Most Gracious Majesty,

'WHEREAS in consideration of the heavy Losses which have been sustained in the Islands of Jamaica, Barbadoes, Saint Vincents, and Saint Lucie, in consequence of the late Insurrections in the Island of Jamaica, and of Hurricanes in the other Islands, it is expedient that Your Majesty be enabled to direct Exchequer Bills to the Amount of One Million to be issued to Commissioners, to be by them advanced, under certain Regulations and Restrictions, for the Assistance and Accommo dation of the said Islands, and of such Persons having Properties therein and connected therewith, or trading thereto, as shall be desirous of receiving the same, on due Security being given for the Repayment of the Sums so advanced within a Time to be limited: And whereas it is also expedient to grant Relief in certain Cases to His Majesty's Colonies of Trinidad, British Guiana, and Saint Lucie:' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the King's most Excellent Majesty, by Warrant or Warrants under His Royal Sign Manual, to authorize and empower the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury now or for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out for the Purposes of this Act at His Majesty's Exchequer, containing different Sums of One hundred Pounds and Fifty Pounds, in the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, (except where other Directions for making out the same are contained and particularly expressed in this Act,) as in and by an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for regulating the issuing and paying off

to pay only Single Toll *

Provision respecting Penalty for Overweight.

His Majesty may empower the Treasury to direct Exchequer Bills to be made out, agreeable to 48 G.3. c. 1. except as hereby excepted.

C. 125.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

The said Bills may be received in Payment of Taxes after the Day appointed for their Payment, but not before.

Bills to be payable One Year from Date, with Interest.

Officers of the Exchequer not to receive Fees.

Commissioners

appointed.

For Appointment of other Commissioners in case of Vacancy.

of Exchequer Bills, are enacted and prescribed; and such Exchequer Bills shall bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Two-pence per Centum per Diem.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Exchequer Bills to be made out by virtue of this Act, or bo many of them as shall from Time to Time remain undischarged and uncancelled after the respective Days on which they shall become due and payable, shall after that Time pass and be current to all Receivers and Collectors in Great Britain of the Customs, Excise, or any Revenue, Supply, Aid, or Tax whatsoever due or payable to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, and also at the Receipt of Exchequer in Great Britain for the said Receivers or Collectors; but no such Receiver or Collector shall exchange at any Time before the said Day of Payment thereof, for any Money of such Revenues, Aid, Taxes, or Supplies in his Hands, any Exchequer Bills which shall have been issued as aforesaid by virtue of this Act, nor shall any Action be maintained against any such Receiver or Collector for neglecting or refusing to exchange any such Exchequer Bill for ready Money before the said Day of Payment thereof, any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and that such of the same Bills as shall be received at the said Receipt of Exchequer shall be locked up and secured as Cash, according to the Course of the said Exchequer settled and established by Law for locking up and securing Monies received in Specie there.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Exchequer Bills made out and issued in pursuance and for the Purposes of this Act shall be made payable within One Year from the Date thereof respectively; and that the Principal Sum mentioned in every such Bill, together with the Interest thereon at the Rate aforesaid, to be computed from the Day of the Date of such Bills respectively until the Time of Payment thereof, shall be chargeable on some Part of the Aids or Supplies for the Year next succeeding the Day of the Date of the said Bills respectively.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Officer or other Person employed in or about the Execution of this Act in the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Great Britain shall demand, take, or accept any Fee or Gratuity whatsoever for their Care and Labour therein other than such Salaries, Allowances, Rewards, or Emoluments as shall or may be granted to or be allowed to be taken by them respectively under the Authority of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being in Great Britain.

V. And be it further enacted, That Henry Berens, John L. Wodehouse, Thomas Jones Howell, John Labouchere, and James Morris, Esquires, shall be and are hereby constituted Commissioners for advancing and lending Exchequer Bills, under the Provisions of this Act, upon the Securities, and under the Terms and Conditions, and subject to the Regulations in this Act mentioned: Provided always, that in case of the Death or Refusal or Incapacity to act of any of the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, whereby the Number of such Commissioners shall be reduced below Five, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners

C. 125.

763

missioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being in Great Britain, to appoint some other Person or Persons to be Commissioner or Commissioners to act in the Execution of this Act, so that the Number of the said Commissioners for the Time being may always amount to Five.

VI. And be it further enacted, That any Two of the said Commissioners named in and constituted by this Act, before that they shall enter upon the Execution of this Act, shall take an Oath before the Chancellor of the Exchequer or the Master of the Rolls for the Time being in Great Britain, which Oath the said Chancellor and Master of the Rolls are and is hereby respectively authorized and required to administer, the Tenor whereof shall be as followeth; (that is to say,)

I A.B. do swear, That according to the best of my Judgment

I will faithfully and impartially execute the several Powers

and Trusts vested in me by an Act, intituled An Act [here set forth the Title of this Act]y according to the Tenor and Purport of the said Act.

And every other of such Commissioners respectively shall likewise take the same Oath before such Two Commissioners, who are hereby authorized and required to administer the said Oath after they shall themselves have taken the same as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may meet and sit from Time to Time in such Place or Places as they shall find most convenient, with or without Adjournment, and, with the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, in Writing, employ a Secretary and Clerks, Brokers, Messengers, and Officers, and allow to such Secretary, Clerks, Brokers, Messengers, and Officers, with the like Consent and Approbation, reasonable Salaries; and may employ a Solicitor, and allow to such Solicitor a reasonable Salary or Reward; and shall and may give and administer to such Solicitor, Secretary, Clerks, Brokers, and Officers respectively an Oath for their faithful Demeanor in all Things relating to the due Performance of the Trusts reposed in them by the said Commissioners, and in all other Things touching the Premises, and from Time to Time, at their Discretion, dismiss and discharge such Solicitor, Secretary, Clerks, Brokers, Messengers, and other Officers, and appoint others in their Place; and the said Solicitor, Secretary, Clerks, Brokers, and other Officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the said Trusts in them severally and respectively reposed, without taking any thing for such Service other than such Salaries or Rewards as the said Commissioners, with such Approbation as aforesaid, shall direct or appoint in manner aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Acts, Matters, and Things which the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act are by this Act authorized to do or execute may be done and executed by any Three or more of such Commissioners.

IX. And whereas it may be necessary that Commissioners should be appointed to act in aid of and under the Directions of the Commissioners appointed by this Act in the said Islands; be

it

Commissioner* to take the following Oath.

Commissioners may meet, and, under Sanction of the Treasury, appoint Officers, allow Salaries, and administer Oaths to them.

Three Commissioners may act.

Appointing Commissioners in the different Islands in aid of

C. 125.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Commissioners herein appointed.

500,000l. of the Exchequer Bills to be appropriated to the Island of Jamaica;

and 500,000l. to the Islands of Barbadoes, St. Vincents, and St. Lucie, in such Propor-

it therefore enacted, That the Governors and Lieutenant Governors and Attorney Generals of the said Islands respectively shall* with any Two resident Inhabitants for each of such Islands, to be nominated by the Governor, or, in his Absence, the Lieutenant Governor or Person exercising the Functions of Governor respectively, be Commissioners for the Island to which they respectively belong, to act, in aid of the Commissioners under this Act, in all such Cases and in relation to all Matters and Things which shall be referred to them by the Commissioners named in this Act, and for all such Purposes shall have and use and exercise all the Powers and Authorities of Commissioners under this Act; and such Commissioners shall take an Oath, to be administered to the Governor or Lieutenant Governor, or Person exercising the Functions of Governor, by the Chief Justice or any Judge of the said Islands respectively, and to the other Commissioners by the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Person acting as such, that they will well and truly and impartially execute the Powers and Authorities given to them as such Commissioners in the several Matters and Things which shall be referred or submitted to them under the Provisions of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That Five hundred thousand Pounds of the said Exchequer Bills shall be appropriated to the Island of Jamaica, and Two hundred thousand Pounds of the said Exchequer Bills (Part of the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds) may, if required, be advanced to the Commissioners appointed by any Act of the Governor, Council, and Assembly of the said Island of Jamaica, passed or to be passed, to inspect the Books of the Receiver General of the said Island, and adjust the Public Accounts thereof, who may be authorized and empowered by that or any other Act passed or to be passed by the said Governor, Council, and Assembly to borrow Money for the Public Service of the said Island on the Credit of the said Island: Provided always, that the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act shall be satisfied that the Repayment of the Principal and Interest of the said Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as the said Commissioners may apply for and be authorized to borrow, is duly secured by some Act passed or to be passed by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of the said Island; and the Three hundred thousand Pounds, the Residue of the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, shall be advanced and lent, for the Purpose of enabling the Owners of and Persons interested in the Estates which have sustained Injury in Jamaica from Insurrection to resume the Cultivation of such Estates and the Manufacture of the Produce thereof, by restoring Works and Machinery destroyed or injured, and providing the requisite Contingencies and Supplies for such Estates and the Negroes belonging thereto, and restoring, as far as the same can be accomplished, such Estates to the Condition in which the same were before the said Injuries were sustained.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the remaining Five hundred thousand Pounds of the said Exchequer Bills shall be appropriated to the Islands of Barbadoes, Saint Vincents, and Saint Lvcie in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act shall direct;

C. 125.

765

direct; and that of the said Shares and Proportions allotted to the said Islands of Barbadoes and Saint Vincents it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to advance such Part thereof as they may deem right to such Persons as may be duly authorized and appointed, by any Acts passed or to be passed by the Legislatures of the said Islands of Barbadoes and Saint Vincents respectively, to borrow the same for the Public Service and on the Credit of the same Islands respectively, on the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act being satisfied that the same Sums are duly secured by some Acts passed or to be passed by the Legislatures of the same Islands respectively, and that the Residue of the said Shares and Proportions so allotted to the said Islands of Barbadoes and Saint Vincents, and also the Share or Proportion allotted to the said Island of Saint Lucie, shall be advanced and lent, for the Purpose of enabling the Owners of and Persons interested in the Estates which have sustained Injury in the said Islands from Hurricanes to resume the Cultivation of such Estates and the Manufacture of the Produce thereof, by restoring Works and Machinery destroyed or injured, and providing the requisite Contingencies and Supplies for such Estates and the Negroes belonging thereto, and restoring, as far as the same can be accomplished, such Estates to the Condition in which the same were before the said Injuries were sustained.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in regulating the Amount of any Advance which may be applied for under the Provisions of this Act, to take into their Consideration, with a view to the Repayment of the same out of such Advance, the Amount of any Money which shall have been before the making of any such Advance by the said Commissioners temporarily advanced for any of the Purposes for which any such Advance shall be applied for and may be granted under this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, are hereby respectively authorized and required to issue and cause to be advanced all such Sums of Money to such Person or Persons, in such Manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissioners appointed by this Act shall by Writing under their Hands from Time to Time desire, out of the Consolidated Fund, to be replaced in the Manner herein-after mentioned; which Sums so to be issued and advanced shall be employed for the Payment of Allowances, and in defraying all other necessary Charges and Expences in or about the Execution of this Act, without other Account than that before the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and which Money so to be issued shall not be subject to any Tax, Duty, Rate, or Assessment whatsoever imposed by Authority of Parliament, but that an Account of the said Charges and Expences shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within Two Months after the Expiration of the Commission if Parliament shall be then sitting, and if Parliament shall not be sitting, then within Fourteen Days after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament.

tions as the Commissioners shall allot to the several Islands.

Commissioners may take into consideration Money temporarily advanced.

Treasury to issue Money for defraying the Charges of executing this Act. of which an Account shall be laid before Parliament.

C. 125.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 18S2.

Commissioners to meet to receive and consider Applications for the Loan of Exchequer Bills, &c.

Commissioners may examine upon Oath or Affirmation Parties willing to be examined, and receive Depositions made before Magistrates.

Persons giving false Evidence to be subject to the Penalties for Perjury.

Commissioners to class Applications, and establish Regulations for apportioning the Sums to lie advanced.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That after this Act shall have received the Royal Assent the said Commissioners who shall have taken the said Oath as aforesaid shall meet to receive or to appoint a proper Person for receiving all such Applications in Writing as shall be made to them from Persons desirous of obtaining Loans and Advances of Money by Exchequer Bills as aforesaid, and shall also then fix and appoint a Day for taking into their Consideration all such Applications, and shall meet together for that Purpose, and shall proceed with all convenient Dispatch to ascertain the Amount of the Sums in Exchequer Bills which in their Judgment will be immediately requisite to be advanced under this Act in pursuance of Applications then delivered.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may examine upon Oath or Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation they or any One or more of them are and is hereby authorized to administer) all Persons who shall be willing to be examined touching all such Matters and Things as shall be necessary for the Execution of the Powers vested in the said Commissioners by this Act, and may also receive any Affidavits or Depositions in Writing upon Oath or Affirmation, touching such Matters or Things as aforesaid, which shall be made before any Justice of the Peace of any County or Shire or any Magistrate of any Borough or Town Corporate in Great Britain or Ireland where or near to which the Person making such Affidavit or Deposition shall reside, or before any Chief Justice or any other Judge of any of the Courts of Record in any of the said Islands respectively, and certified and transmitted to the said Commissioners appointed by this Act under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or Magistrate, (which Oath or Affirmation every such Justice or Magistrate shall be and is hereby authorized and empowered to administer,) Chief Justice or Judge; provided that in every such Affidavit or Deposition there shall be expressed the Addition of the Party making such Affidavit or Deposition, and the particular Place of his or her Abode.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons upon Examination upon Oath or Affirmation before the said Commissioners respectively, or if any Person or Persons making any such Affidavit or Deposition as before mentioned, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, or shall in such Affidavit or Deposition wilfully and corruptly swear, affirm, or allege any Matter or Thing which shall be false or untrue, every such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Pains and Penalties of Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury by any Law in force at the Time of such Perjury being committed.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, before any Apportionment of such Exchequer Bills to such Owners or Persons interested as aforesaid shall be made, cause the Applications to be classed according to the Amount of the Sums respectively applied for, and the Nature of the Securities tendered, and the Circumstances under which Application shall be made, as far as the same shall appear upon the said

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 125.

767

Applications, and thereupon shall draw up and establish such general Rules and Regulations for their own Government in the apportioning and distributing the Sums to be advanced and lent in Exchequer Bills, under this Act, to the several Parties applying for the same, as they in their Discretion shall deem equitable and just; all which Rules and Regulations shall within a convenient Time be entered in a Book or Books to be prepared and kept by such Commissioners for that Purpose; and the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, according to the true Purport and Meaning of such general Rules and Regulations as aforesaid, shall proceed to take into their Consideration all such Applications which shall specify the Particulars of the Injuries sustained and of the Sums required to be advanced as aforesaid, not being in any Case less than the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and which shall tender any Security which the said Commissioners are authorized by this Act to take for Payment of the Sums to be advanced, and which shall also specify the Nature and Amount thereof, and from Time to Time, on Inquiry into the same respectively, shall determine what Persons shall in their Judgment be entitled to any Part of the Exchequer Bills to be advanced or lent under this Act, and to what Amount, and shall ascertain the Nature and Amount of the Securities to be required from them for the same respectively.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners shall deliver to all Persons to whom any of the said Exchequer Bills shall be apportioned as aforesaid by the said Commissioners a Certificate or Certificates under the Hands and Seals of Two or more of such Commissioners, specifying the Amount of the Sums to be advanced and lent, to be respectively numbered and marked in the Course and Order in which the same shall be delivered; which Certificate or Certificates, being deposited with the proper Officer or Officers, shall be a sufficient Authority, without other Warrant, to such Officer or Officers to deliver such Exchequer Bills to the like Amount and Value as shall be described in and by such Certificate or Certificates of such Commissioners; and every such Exchequer Bill shall bear Date on the Day on which the same shall be issued, and shall and may be signed by the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, or in his Name by any Person duly authorized by the said Auditor to sign the same, with the Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury in Writing under their Hands, or of any Three or more of them; and the said Commissioners appointed by this Act shall have Power and Authority from Time to Time to revise and alter such Rules and Regulations as aforesaid as they shall see Occasion, but that no such Revision or Alteration shall be valid unless agreed to at a Board of the said Commissioners, convened upon Three Days Notice for that Purpose.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That such Officers by whom such Exchequer Bills shall be delivered shall from Time to Time, upon Requisition of the said Commissioners for the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act, deliver to them at their Office complete Lists of all the Exchequer Bills made out and delivered by them, specifying therein the respective Dates and

Sums

Commissioners to give Certificates of the Amount of Bills apportioned, which shall be a Warrant for their Delivery.

List of Exchequer Bills issued to be delivered to Commissioners,

C. 125.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Commissioners to appoint Days for considering Applications from Time to Time made, and the Treasury may direct further Bills to be issued, &c.

Persons to whom Bills are advanced to give Security for Repayment of Advances.

Sums expressed therein, and the Periods appointed for the Payment of the same, and distinguishing therein the Persons to whom and the Numbers of the Certificates by virtue whereof the same were issued respectively.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act shall fix and appoint proper and convenient Days for taking into consideration such Applications as shall from Time to Time be made to them, not being in any Case less than the Sum of Five hundred Pounds as aforesaid, and shall ascertain the Amount of such Exchequer Bills as shall be required to be from Time to Time issued for the Purposes of this Act, and by like Certificate or Certificates as aforesaid certify the same to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, who shall and may on the Receipt thereof direct further Exchequer Bills to be issued to such Amount from Time to Time as the Exigency of the Case shall in their Judgment require to be issued, until the whole of the Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall have been issued for the Purposes aforesaid; and the said Commissioners by this Act appointed shall from Time to Time proceed to determine to what Amount such Exchequer Bills shall be advanced to the Persons respectively applying for the same under this Act, and shall grant Certificates thereof to the proper Officer or Officers, at the said Receipt of the Exchequer, in such Form and under the like Rules and Regulations as are herein-before mentioned concerning the Exchequer Bills to be first issued as aforesaid; and such Officers shall from Time to Time deliver such Exchequer Bills in the Form and in the Manner before directed.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Persons to whom or for whose Use any such Sums in Exchequer Bills shall be applied for, and advanced or lent, shall previously enter into and give such Mortgages of or upon, or Assignments or other Securities of or upon, the Properties for which the Advances shall be applied for, or of or upon the Proceeds of such Properties, as the said Commissioners shall require; and in case the Commissioners shall not think such Properties or Proceeds, and the Mortgages, Assignments, or other Securities which the Parties applying are able to enter into as to such Properties and the Proceeds thereof, a sufficient Security for the Advance applied for, then with such Bond or Obligation, Bonds or Obligations, in such Sum or Sums of Money respectively, and with such Sureties or such further Securities as the Case may in the Judgment of the said Commissioners require; which Mortgages, Assignments, Securities, and which Bonds or Obligations and Securities, the said Commissioners shall in their Discretion have full Power and Authority to cause to be taken; and every Mortgage, Assignment, Security, Bond, or Obligation to be taken in pursuance of this Act, as well of the principal Party as of such Sureties respectively, shall be to our Sovereign Lord the King >in such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be directed by such Commissioners by virtue of this Act to be paid to our said Lord the King, and with such Conditions, to be therein mentioned or thereunder written, as by such Commissioners shall be deemed proper; and

A.D. 1832. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. c. 123.

that all sudi Mortgages, Assignments, Securities, Bonds, and Obligations to be so made shall be good and effectual in the Law, and shall be of the same Quality, Force, and Effect to all Intents and Purposes as any Obligation made to our Sovereign Lord the now King or his Predecessors, or any of them, hath at any Time heretofore been or now is adjudged, received, or taken to be, and shall, whether registered or riot in the said Islands, have Priority over all other Mortgages, Assignments, Bonds, Obligations, or other Securities charged or chargeable upon or affecting the Properties for the Restoration of which Advances of Exchequer Bills under this Act shall be made; any Law, Usage, or Custom in the United Kingdom, or in the Islands respectively in which such Properties shall be, to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that no Bond, Obligation, or other Security shall be required by the said Commissioners in respect of Advances for the Restoration of any Properties in any Case in which the said Commissioners shall be satisfied that the Value of those Properties, with the Negroes and the Proceeds thereof, form an adequate Security of themselves for the Repayment of the Principal and Interest of the Advance applied for.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Persons to whom or for whose Use any Advance shall be applied for under this Act shall be entitled to an Estate for Life only, or other partial Interest of and in the Properties in respect of which such Advance is required to be made, with any subsequent Remainders, Reversions, or Limitations in favour of other Persons existing in or affecting the same Properties, the said Commissioners shall, in their Discretion, have full Power and Authority to cause any Mortgages, Assignments, Securities, Bonds, or Obligations of and from such Persons so partially interested to be taken, notwithstanding such Remainders, Reversions, or Limitations cannot be legally barred, conveyed, or disposed of; and such Mortgages, Assignments, or other Securities of or upon such Properties shall be good and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes, and shall have Priority over all such Remainders, Reversions, or Limitations.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the Parties, Proprietors of in the whole or in part or interested in any Properties for or in respect of which any Advance may be applied for under this Act, and who may be required to give or join in giving Security to the said Commissioners for any such Advance, be an Infant or a Feme Covert or Lunatic, or in case the Properties shall be in the Possession of any Receiver or Receivers or other Officer appointed by any Court of Chancery or any other Court in the said Islands, it shall be lawful for the High Court of Chancery in England where the Party is resident in Great Britain, or the Court of Session in Scotland where the Party is resident in Scotland, or the Court of Chancery in Ireland where the Party is resident in Ireland\ or the Court of Chancery in either of the said Islands of Jamaica, Barbadoes, and Saint Vincents, or the Royal Court of Saint Lucie, in which any such Party shall be resident, upon the Petition of the Committee or Committees or Persons having the legal Charge of any Lunatic, or the Guardian or Guardians of any Infant, or the

3 Gul. IV. 3D Husband

* 69

Commissioners may take Security by Mortgage, &c. from Persons having partial Interests in Estates.

Securities given under the Sanction of Courts by Committees, &c. of any Lunatics, Infants, or Feme Coverts, to be valid against such Persons as if executed by them.

C. 125.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Sureties to be bound for no more than they subscribe.

Commissioners may take possession of Property mortgaged in certain Cases.

Relinquishing the Possession of Property so taken possession of.

Commissioners, when they take possession, shall

Husband or Trustee or Trustees of any Feme Covert, Receivers or Receiver, or other Officer, in a summary Manner and without Bill, to refer it to One of the Masters of any of the said Courts of Chancery respectively, or in Scotland or in Saint Lucie to any competent Authority, to inquire and report whether it will be for the Benefit of such Party that such Loan should be obtained; and in case the Master or other competent Authority shall report that it will be for the Benefit of such Party that such Loan should be obtained it shall be lawful for such Committee or Committees, or Person having such legal Charge, or for such Guardian or Guardians, Husband or Husbands, or Trustee or Trustees, Receivers or Receiver, or other Officer, to join in and execute such Deeds as may be requisite for securing to the said Commissioners the Repayment of the Sqm which they may have advanced; and the Deed or Deeds executed by such Persons in their several Capacities shall be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if the Party had been capable of executing and had himself executed the same.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any such Bond or Obligation shall be entered into with such Surety or Sureties as the said Commissioners shall in their Discretion approve, then each of the Sureties in such Bond or Obligation shall be bound in such Sum, and no more, as he shall set and subscribe against his Name in such Bond or Obligation.

XXV. And be it enacted, That in every Case in which the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act shall make any Advance of Exchequer Bills to any Person or Persons under the Provisions of this Act, and Default shall be made in Repayment either of all or any Part of such Loan, or of the Interest thereof or of any Part thereof, any Person duly authorized by them may enter upon and take possession of the Property upon which such Loan shall have been charged, and in respect of or relation to which any Mortgages, Assignments, or other Securities shall have been taken by the said Commissioners, and may demand, take, and receive all Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof, and may, in the absolute Discretion of the said Commissioners, continue in such Possession, Receipt, and Enjoyment until the Repayment of such Loan and the Interest thereof and of all Costs, Charges, and Expences incidental to such taking and retaining Possession, and otherwise in recovering such Loan and Interest; and the said Commissioners, whenever thereunto required, shall render to the Owners or Persons interested in the said Properties a faithful Account of all Rents, Issues, and Profits received from such. Properties during the Period that the said Commissioners or their Nominees shall continue in possession thereof.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all Cases in which such Possession shall have been taken or shall be taken as aforesaid it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners at any Time thereafter, if they shall think fit, to relinquish such Possession in such Manner and Form, and upon such Terms and Conditions, as the said Commissioners may direct and appoint.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every Case in which the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act shall authorize any Person to enter upon and take posr

b session

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 125.

771

session of the Plantation, Slaves, Cattle, and Stock upon which such Loan shall be charged, and in respect of which Default shall be made in Repayment of the Whole or any Part of such Loan, or the Interest thereof or any Part thereof, that the Person or Persons so authorized to enter into and take possession of the same shall give good and sufficient Security, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, for the due and faithful Execution of the Trust reposed in him or them, and the due and faithful conducting and managing the said mortgaged Premises, and the Disposal of the Crops in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time direct, and for the faithful accounting for all Monies which shall come to his or their Hands; and also that the said Commissioners shall be authorized to require from any Person or Persons acting as Consignee under them, for the Sale of any Produce remitted to Great Britain or Ireland from any such mortgaged Premises, to give good and sufficient Security for the due and faithful Sale of such Produce, and the due paying over the Proceeds of the same to the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England when the same shall be received.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, in all Cases where they shall see Occasion, may accept and take, as a further and additional Security for any Loan of any Sum on such Exchequer Bills as aforesaid, or Part of such Loan, from any Principal or Surety in such Loan, any India Bonds, Bills of Exchange, or other negociable Securities for Money whatsoever, or from any such Principal or Surety, or other Person or Persons having Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Heritages or other Real Estates in Great Britain or Ireland, any Mortgage, Hereditable Bond, or other Hereditable or Real Securities whatsoever, which may affect, incumber, or charge the said Real Estates of such Principals or Sureties, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, and may also accept and take as a like further and additional Security from any such Principal or Surety, or other Person or Persons possessed of any Mortgages, Hereditable Bonds, or other Hereditable or Real Securities affecting, incumbering, or charging any such Real Estates in Great Britain or Ireland, any Assignment or Assignments of such Mortgages, Hereditable Bonds, or other Hereditable or Real Securities; and that every such India Bond, Bill of Exchange, or other negociable Security for Money, and every such Mortgage, Heritable Bond, or other Heritable or Real Security, which shall be so accepted by the said Commissioners, shall be deposited with the said Commissioners or such Person as they shall appoint.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all such India Bonds, Bills of Exchange, or other negociable Securities for Money so deposited as aforesaid may, in default of Payment of such Loan in the Manner directed by this Act, become and be vested in the said Commissioners, and may be sold and disposed of, or the Monies due and payable by virtue thereof may be sued for in due Course of Law, in the Name of their Secretary for the Time being, for the Use of the said Commissioners under this Act; and every Assignment of any Mortgage, Heritable Bond,

require Security from their Agent and Consignee for proper remitting and Application of Proceeds.

Commissioners may take additional Security, as herein specified.

Negociable Deposits, in default of Payment of Loan, to be sold, and the Monies may be sued for in the Name of the Secretary, to whom Assignments of Mortgages, &c. shall be made.

C. 125.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

772

Secretary may do all Acts for validating Mortgages, recovering Monies, &c.

Principal Suras advanced, with Interest, to be repaid by Instalments; and in default the Deposits may be disposed of or sued for.

and other Heritable or Real Security which shall be granted, constituted, or made to the said Commissioners, and shall be so deposited by the Principal or Principals in any such Bond or Obligation made to His Majesty as aforesaid as a Security for such Loan as aforesaid, and every Mortgage, Heritable Bond, or other Heritable or Real Security which shall be granted, constituted, made, or deposited as aforesaid, by any such Principal or Surety or other Person or Persons, as such further and additional Security as aforesaid, shall severally and respectively be granted, constituted, and made to and in the Name of the Secretary to the said Commissioners for the Time being, in Trust for the said Commissioners, in Terms of the Loan for which the same shall be a Security; and the said Secretary for the Time being shall, under the Directions of the said Commissioners, have full Power and Authority to perform, execute, and carry into effect any Acts, Matters, and Things whatever which shall be requisite for the further and better assuring and validating any such Mortgage, Heritable Bond, or other Heritable or Real Security, or Assignment thereof as aforesaid, and for enforcing, prosecuting, and pursuing the same for the Recovery of the Sums for which such Securities were respectively granted, constituted, and made, in all Courts of competent Jurisdiction in Great Britain, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same Securities respectively were granted, constituted, and made to the Secretary for the Time being as a Security for his own proper Debt; and that on Payment or Satisfaction of the Principal Sums for which such Security shall be given, with Interest for the same, and all Costs incurred in recovering the same, the said Secretary for the Time being shall and he is hereby authorized, under the Direction of the said Commissioners, to execute on behalf of the said Commissioners a Release, Discharge, or Renunciation of the said Monies so paid or satisfied, to be prepared at the Costs of the Party or Parties making such Payment or Satisfaction, according to the Forms prescribed by Law for releasing, discharging, and renouncing a Mortgage Debt or Incumbrance upon a Real Estate; and that such Release, Discharge, and Renunciation shall be good and valid in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatever, and the Properties comprised in such Mortgage Securities shall in every such Case be thereby absolutely re-invested in the Owner or other Person lawfully entitled thereto.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Principal Sums contained in the Exchequer Bills which shall be advanced or lent by the said Commissioners under the Authority of this Act shall be repaid, without Deduction or Abatement, to the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England at their Office, at or previously to the Expiration of Ten Years from the Time of every such Loan being advanced, with Interest for the same in the meantime, to be computed at and after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum from the Day of the Advance, but the Payment of such Interest to commence at the Expiration of Three Years from the Time of every such Loan being advanced, and to be thenceforward rfiade at the Expiration of

A.D. 1832. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 125. 773

every subsequent Year until such Principal Sums shall be repaid: Provided always, that if the net Proceeds of the Properties in respect of which any Loan shall be advanced shall not be sufficient to pay the whole Amount of the Supplies and Contingencies thereof respectively, the annual Interest upon such Loans shall not be required until the Proceeds shall be sufficient for such Supplies and Contingencies: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent the Commissioners from taking possession of any such Estate upon any Default in Payment of Interest, as in this Act before provided; and if any Default shall be made by any Person or Persons in the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money within the respective Times herein-before limited for Payment thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners hereby appointed, or any Two or more of them, by any Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause the Money due and payable by virtue thereof, the Exchequer Bills, India Bonds, Bills of Exchange, and other Personal Securities deposited with the said Commissioners, or such Security or further Security as aforesaid, and also all such Mortgages and Assignments of Mortgages, Heritable Bonds, or other Heritable or Real Securities made, constituted, or granted to or to the Use of or deposited with the said Commissioners, to be sold and disposed of, or be sued for in due Course of Law, in the Name of the Secretary of the said Commissioners for the Time being, for the Use of the said Commissioners, under this Act; and further, that in case any such Default shall be made, and no other sufficient Security shall be deposited or given, or that the same shall be found or shall become insufficient in Value to satisfy the whole of the Demand from such Defaulter or Defaulters, it shall also be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby required, without further Delay, to issue their Warrant or Warrants from Time to Time to the proper Officer or Officers of the Crown having the Direction or Management of Proceedings upon Obligations to His Majesty, requiring such Officer or Officers presently to proceed against all or any of the Persons who shall have entered into any Bond or Obligation for the Sum advanced, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, for the Recovery of such Parts of the Sums advanced on such Bonds or Obligations as shall be then due, together with Interest as aforesaid, and such Costs and Charges attending such Proceeding as shall be by Law payable for the same; the Amount of which Principal Sums so to be levied the said Commissioners shall cause from Time to Time to be testified by their Note in Writing under the Hands of any Two or more of them to such Officer or Officers, and which Sum shall be inserted in the Writ or Process, and the like Process shall and may from Time to Time issue as aforesaid, as Occasion shall require; and the Sums so recovered (the Costs and Charges aforesaid excepted) shall be paid to the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England without Abatement, Deduction, or Delay, in satisfaction of such Demands; and it shall be in the Discretion of the said Commissioners to direct against which of the Obligors in such *

3 D 3 Security

If Surety or Deposit be insufficient, the Commissioners may direct the proper Officer to proceed against the Sureties.

C. 125.

2 & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

In Proceeding* against Obligors no Writ of a Scire facias requisite, &c.

If Payment shall be made of Part of Loan, in consequence of any additional Security, it shall entitle the Surety to the same Remedy as if the Payment had been made upon his Obligation, &c.

Security such Proceedings shall be from Time to Time commenced or prosecuted; and the said Commissioners shall have the Controul and Superintendence of such Prosecutions, and the same shall not be discontinued, quashed, or abated, upon any Pretence whatsoever, without the Authority of the said Commissioners, testified under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more of them, and exhibited to the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, or to any Court of competent Jurisdiction in Scotland, as the Case may require.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Proceeding shall be directed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid against any of the Obligors or Obligor named in any such Obligation no Writ or Writs of Scire facias shall be required to be issued, but that upon the Production of the Warrant or Warrants of the said Commissioners, as before mentioned, before any of the Barons of the said respective Courts of Exchequer, and in case such intended Proceeding shall be against any Sureties or Surety, then upon Proof of Notice having been served upon such Party or Parties, or left at his or their usual Place or Places of Abode respectively, Ten Days at least before such Application shall be made to such Baron, an Extent shall and may issue in the first Process upon the Fiat of such Baron, without any Affidavit or other Verification or Proof of the Cause of such Proceeding than such Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Surety shall give any such additional Security as in this Act is mentioned, over and above such Bond or Obligation or other Security, for any Loan as is hereby required, and if any Payment shall be made of any Part of such Loan in consequence of such additional Security being so given, and in discharge thereof, every such Payment shall be deemed and taken to be made under the Bond or Obligation entered into by such Surety, and in discharge or in part discharge thereof, for the Purpose of entitling such Surety, his Executors or Administrators, and such Payment shall entitle such Surety, his Executors and Administrators respectively, to the like Remedy from the principal Debtor or Debtors in the said Loan, his or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, for the Reimbursement of the Sums so paid or satisfied, and from the Co-sureties in the said Loan for the like Contribution, as if such Payment or Satisfaction had actually been made upon the Bond or Obligation entered into by such Surety; and if any Person, not being a Party to any Bond or Obligation entered into by virtue of this Act, shall give such further Security for any Loan as in this Act is particularly mentioned, and any Payment or Satisfaction of such Loan, or any Part thereof, shall be made in consequence of such further Security being so given, and in discharge thereof, every such Payment or Satisfaction shall entitle the Party making the same, his Executors or Administrators, to the like Remedy from the principal Debtor or Debtors in the said Loan, his or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, for the Reimbursement of the Sums so paid or satisfied, as if such Person had entered into a Bond or Obligation as Surety, and such Payment had been made

there-

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 125.

7T6

thereupon; and that in every Case of such Payment upon or in consequence of such additional Security, as well the Bond or Obligation, Bonds or Obligations of such principal Debtor or Debtors entered into by virtue of this Act, as all and every the additional Securities which may have been given by such principal Debtor or Debtors by virtue of this Act, shall severally and respectively stand and remain as Securities for the Purpose of such Reimbursement in the Manner hereby directed in Cases of Payment by Sureties upon Bonds or Obligations, and until the whole of the Sums so paid or satisfied shall be fully reimbursed; and that such Proceedings shall and may be had upon any additional Securities given by such principal Debtor or Debtors for the Recovery of the Sums so paid for the Benefit of the respective Parties making such Payments, their Executors or Administrators, as might lawfully have been had for the Recovery of the Sums due and payable to the said Commissioners, notwithstanding the said Loan shall have been fully repaid to the said Commissioners.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That after the due Payment of the Sums advanced, with Interest as aforesaid, at the Time and in the Manner herein specified, every such Bond or Obligation, and all other the Securities entered into or received in pursuance of this Act, being fully satisfied according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be forthwith delivered up to be cancelled; and in case any such Bond or Obligation shall have been prosecuted according to the Directions of this Act, the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, shall by their Warrant or Warrants direct the proper Officer or Officers of the said respective Courts of Exchequer to enter up Satisfaction on such Bond or Obligation, Bonds or Obligations, so being satisfied as aforesaid, upon the Record, or otherwise to deliver up the same to be cancelled, as the Case may require.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Bond or Obligation, with any Sureties or Surety to be taken according to this Act, after Payment or Recovery thereupon by the said Commissioners of the Sums advanced or lent, with all Interest and Costs, in the Manner required by this Act, shall stand and remain as a further Security for the Purposes and in the Manner herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,) if any Surety or Sureties upon such Bond or Obligation, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, shall have paid or satisfied any Part of such Sums, Interest, or Costs, then such Bond or Obligation as against the principal Obligor or Obligors, his or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, shall stand as a Security as aforesaid for the Reimbursement to such Sureties respectively, their Executors or Administrators, of the whole of the Sums so paid or satisfied, and so from Time to Time until such Reimbursement shall be fully made according to the Intent of this Act; and if any such Sureties or Surety, their or his Executors or Administrators, shall have paid or satisfied a Sum which shall bear a greater Proportion to the whole of the Sums recovered upon such Bond or Obligation than the Sum for which such Surety respectively shall have been bound shall bear to the total Amount of all the several Sums of Money for which all the

After Payment of Sums advanced and Interest, Obligations to be delivered up.

After Payment of Sums advanced by the Commissioners, Obligations with Sureties to remain as further Securities for certain Purposes.

?i-iG

C. 125.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 182.

Commissioners may adjust Claims of Sureties, and direct Process for Recovery.

several Sureties shall have been bound by such Bond or Obligation, then such Bond or Obligation as against each and every of the Sureties who shall not have paid or satisfied an equal Proportion of the whole. Sum recovered according to the Sum for which he shall have been respectively bound, their and every of their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators respectively, shall stand as a Security for the Benefit of such Sureties or Surety, their Executors or Administrators respectively, who shall have paid or satisfied any such Sums as aforesaid, for the Purpose of enforcing a Contribution among such Sureties in an equal Proportion to the several Sums for which they shall have been respectively bound, and so from Time to Time until such Contribution shall be fully made according to the Intent of this Act; and that in every such Case, upon the Application of any Sureties or Surety to the said Commissioners for any of the Purposes aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall cause the respective Claims of such Sureties or Surety respectively, and the Sums to be recovered from such Principals or Sureties respectively, their and every of their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, to be adjusted and settled as herein is mentioned, so that the whole Sum recovered shall be distributed in equal Proportion according to the Sums for which each Surety respectively shall have been bound in the same Bond or Obligation, and so from Time to Time as the Case shall require; and thereupon the said Commissioners, by Warrant or Warrants in Writing under their Hands, shall from Time to Time direct Process to issue for the Recovery of such Sums as they shall have so adjusted and settled to be respectively recovered from and paid to such Persons respectively as they shall specify in such Warrant or Warrants, under and subject to the several Regulations and Directions in this Act contained.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That such Process as aforesaid shall and lawfully may issue on any such Bond or Obligation as aforesaid against any such Principals or Principal, their or his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, for the Benefit against Sureties of any such Sureties or Surety, their or his Executors or Admi-for the Benefit of nistrators, and against any such Sureties or Surety, their or his Co-sureties, &c. Heirs, Executors, or Administrators as aforesaid, for the Benefit of any Co-sureties or Co-surety, their or his Executors or Administrators, notwithstanding the whole Sum which shall have been advanced to such Principals or Principal shall have been repaid; and in case any Sureties or Surety shall become bound by distinct Bonds or Obligations for the same Persons or Person, and for or on account of the same Advancement, all and every the Provisions aforesaid shall be applied in like Manner, as well for the Benefit of as against such Principals or Principal, as if all such Sureties and Principals respectively were named in the game Obligation.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Bond or Obligation or other Security entered into or given by any Person or Persons, either as Principal or Surety, who shall afterwards become bankrupt within the true Intent and Meaning of the several Statutes made and now in force concerning Bankrupts, and against whom a Commission of Bankrupt shall be awarded and issued out in that Part of Great Britain called England,

Process may issue against Principals for the Benefit of Sureties, and

Estates and Tweets of Bankrupts in England liable to the discharging of Bonds or other Securities.

A.D. 1832.

2 & 8° GULIELMI IV. C. 125.

777

shall by reason and force of such Bankruptcy, and from the Time of such Bankruptcy, become and be forfeited, and due and payable as against such Bankrupt or Bankrupts; and all the Estate and Effects of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, which would be liable to satisfy the Demands of the Creditors seeking Relief under such Commission of Bankrupt, shall be liable and subject to and are hereby made chargeable with the Payment of the Principal and Interest due upon such Bond or Obligation or other Security, and all Costs attending the Recovery of the same, and that the Claims of the said Commissioners shall be first paid and satisfied out of the Estate and Effects of the said Bankrupt or Bankrupts, and in preference to the Claim of any other Creditor or Creditors; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in the Name of their Secretary for the Time being, to apply by Petition in a summary Way to the proper Courts in England having the Jurisdiction of the Matters of such Commission of Bankruptcy to make due Order accordingly, which such Courts respectively are hereby authorized and required to make.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Bond or Estates and Obligation or other Security entered into or given by any EffectsofBank-Person or Persons, either as Principal or Surety, who shall afterwards become bankrupt, and against whose Estate Seques- Creditors Lek-jtration shall be awarded in Scotland, shall, by reason and force ing Relief

of such Bankruptcy, and from the Time of the Date of the first under Seques-Deliverance on the Petition to the Court of Session for awarding tration, subject the Sequestration, become and be due and payable as against to the Claims such Bankrupt or Bankrupts; and that all the Estate and miLionersT&c. Effects, Real and Personal, of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, which would be liable to satisfy the Demands of the Creditors seeking Relief under such Sequestration, shall be liable and subject to and are hereby made chargeable with the Payment of the Principal and Interest due upon such Bond or Obligation, or other Security, and all Costs attending the Recovery of the same, and that the Claims of the said Commissioners shall be first paid and satisfied out of the Estate and Effects of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, and in preference to the Claim of any other Creditor or Creditors; nevertheless without Prejudice to Preference duly obtained according to the Law of Scotland upon the Real Estates of Persons who shall become Bankrupts; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in the Name of their Secretary for the Time being, to apply by Petition in a summary Way to the proper Courts in Scotland having Jurisdiction of the Matters of such Bankruptcy for making effectual the Payment of the Claims of the said Commissioners accordingly, and which such Courts are hereby authorized and required to make.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Commissioners the said Commissioners may accept from the Assignees under any Commission of Bankrupt issued, or from the Factor or Factors, Trustee or Trustees under any Sequestration awarded Sums due from against any principal Debtor or Debtors in any such Loan under Bankrupts, this Act, such Security for the Payment of the Sum due from Such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, out of his or their Estate or

C. 125.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 182.

Commissioners may accept from Assignees, &c. of Sureties becoming Bankrupts provisional Security for Payment of Sums due, &c.

Persons applying for Exchequer Bills for the Use of Partnerships may give Notes in the Partnership Firm.

Effects, as the said Commissioners shall approve, and that the Acceptance of such Security by the said Commissioners shall operate as a Release of the Estate of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, for the Benefit of the Creditors under the said Commission of Bankrupt in England or Sequestration in Scotland, from all Claims whatever by the said Commissioners, other than and except such Part of the said Estate as shall be specified in Writing between the said Commissioners and the said Assignees under the said Commission of Bankruptcy in England, or between the said Commissioners and the said Factor or Factors, Trustee or Trustees under the said Sequestration in Scotland, to be reserved by the said Commissioners for such Security as aforesaid in case the said Commissioners shall require such Security.

XXXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case such Debt shall grow due to the said Commissioners from any such Bankrupt or Bankrupts as a Surety or Sureties upon any such Loan as aforesaid the said Commissioners may accept from the Assignees under such Commission of Bankruptcy in England, or from the Factor or Factors, Trustee or Trustees under such Sequestration in Scotland, such provisional Security for the Payment of the Sum due from such Bankrupt or Bankrupts out of his or their Estate or Effects as the said Commissioners shall approve, such provisional Security to be void on the Payment or Satisfaction of the Sum so due by the principal Debtor or Debtors, or by the Acceptance of other Surety or Sureties in lieu thereof, in the Manner herein-after mentioned, provided that such Acceptance of such provisional Security by the said Commissioners shall operate as a Release of the Estate of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts for the Benefit of the Creditors under the said Commission of Bankruptcy in England, or Sequestration in Scotland, from all Claims whatsoever by the said Commissioners, other than and except such Part of the said Estate as shall be specified in Writing between the said Commissioners and the said Assignees under the said Commission of Bankruptcy in England, or between the said Commissioners and the said Factor or Factors, Trustee or Trustees under the said Sequestration in Scotland, to be reserved by them for such provisional Security as aforesaid, in case the said Commissioners shall require such Security: Provided always, that any such Release of the Estate or Estates of any such Bankrupt or Bankrupts as aforesaid, whether Principals or Sureties upon any 'such Loan as aforesaid, shall not be deemed or taken, either in Law or Equity, to discharge any other Person or Persons, or the Estate or Estates of any other Person or Persons, or to affect any other Security for the same Debt, or in any Manner to prevent any Contribution amongst Sureties, or any Demand of Sureties against their Principals, provided for by this Act.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in case Persons carrying on Trade in a Partnership shall apply for any Exchequer BHls to be advanced by virtue of this Act on any of the Securities herein mentioned, and shall show to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners that such Exchequer Bills are to be advanced to such Person or Persons for the Use of the said Partnerships

A.D. 1832. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 125.

779

the Persons so applying may give to the said Commissioners, over and above the Security required by this Act, a Promissory Note or Promissory Notes in the Partnership Firm, in such Sum or Sums of Money respectively not exceeding in the whole the Amount of the Sum to be advanced to such Person or Persons, with Interest for the same, as the said Commissioners shall direct; which Promissory Notes as aforesaid shall respectively be made payable to the Secretary of the said Commissioners for the Time being, at such Times and in such Proportions as the Advance to be made to the Person or Persons so applying shall be stipulated to be paid by any Security entered into by such Person or Persons pursuant to this Act; which Notes shall be respectively made in the Form following; (that is to say,)

YAfE promise to pay to the Secretary of the Commissioners for Form of Part- the Issue of Exchequer Bills advanced under an Act inti- nershiP Notes.

tuled An Act

the Sum of with Interest for the same at

the Rate of Pounds per Centum by the Year from the Date hereof, on the Day of

now next ensuing.

Provided that separate and distinct Notes shall be made and Notes to be given by such Person or Persons as aforesaid in respect of each 8iven for each Instalment to be paid of the Sum advanced pursuant to this Instalment* Act, and for which the Secretary to the said Commissioners for the Time being may sue upon every such Note.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Advance in Where Bills

Exchequer Bills shall be made to any Person or Persons con- sha, l bave b*en

cerned in any Partnership, upon the Application of any Person Use of Partner-or Persons to the said Commissioners to make such Advance to ships, their the Use of the said Partnership, and such Advance or any Part Estate and thereof shall have been actually applied to the Use of the said Effects to be Partnership, then the Estate and Effects of such Partnership shall liable, though be liable and subject to and are hereby made chargeable with shal^W^been the Payment of the Sums advanced and actually applied as afore- taken, said, with Interest for the same, and all Costs attending the Recovery thereof, as in case of Debt found on Record to the King's Majesty, notwithstanding the said Commissioners shall or may have taken Securities for the same Debt in the Name or Names of any other Person or Persons than the Persons concerned in such Partnership, or in the Names or Name of any One or more of such Partners; and in case it shall be made appear by Affidavit to any Baron of the respective Courts of Exchequer in England and Scotland that such Advance, or such Part thereof as aforesaid, was actually applied to the Use of the said Partnership, and the same being found on Record, it shall be lawful for such Baron to cause an Extent to be issued against the Estate and Effects of such Partnership to the Amount of the Sum so actually applied, with Interest thereupon and Costs as aforesaid, in the same Manner as if the Advance so actually applied was an immediate Debt from all the Persons concerned in such Partnership to the Kings Majesty.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons Persons may to whom such Exchequer Bills have been issued, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, and who res

C. 125.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Time of Repayment of Exchequer Bills extended.

Commissioners to determine on the Sufficiency of Sureties and Securities.

Sureties willing to remain for Repayment of Loan at Expiration of extended Times to signify their Consent to the Secretary.

Form of Consent.

shall be desirous of enlarging or extending the Time limited by the said Act for such Repayment, to make Application to the said Commissioners for any Enlargement or Extension of the Time limited for such Repayment at any Time previously to the Expiration of Five Years from the Time of the Loan being advanced, and to offer to the said Commissioners Security for the due Payment of such Loan and Interest, at or within such enlarged or extended Times, either by continuing in the Manner herein-after mentioned the Sureties or Securities already liable or pledged for Repayment of the Amount of the said Bills and the Interest thereon, or by procuring or making further or other Sureties or Securities of the Nature and Quality specified in this Act, as he or they may be able to give or effect; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized from Time to Time to judge of and determine upon the Sufficiency of such Surety or Sureties; Security or Securities, to be given for securing the Repayment of any such Loan at the Expiration of such enlarged or extended Times, in like Manner as they are enabled to do with respect to the original Sureties or Surety or Securities or Security directed to be proposed, given, and made previous to the Advance or Issue of any Exchequer Bills under this Act.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who now or at the Time of any such Application shall be liable as Surety for the Repayment of any such Loan or Advance, and who shall be willing to remain Surety for the Repayment of such Loan or Advance at the Expiration of such enlarged or extended Time, and who shall be approved by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, shall signify their Consent to remain such Surety by subscribing his Name to a Writing, to be left with the Secretary of the said Commissioners for the Time being, in the following Form; (that is to say,)

WHEREAS the Commissioners named in and appointed

under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament passed in the Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled

did on the Day of advance

4 to the Sum of in Exchequer Bills, who thereupon entered into and executed Securities to His Majesty for Payment of the said Sum of on the Day of with Interest

at the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, according to the said Act; and the several Persons hereunder mentioned ' as Sureties for the said entered into and

executed [state Securities'] to His Majesty for the several Sums of Money set opposite their respective Names hereunder written, 4 conditioned for Repayment of the said Sum of and the Interest thereof in manner aforesaid: And whereas the said applied to the said Commissioners to

extend the Time for the Payment of the whole of the said Loan

4 in Exchequer Bills for the Space of from the Time when the same became payable, and

proposed that the Persons whose Names are hereto subscribed shall consent to remain as Sureties for Payment of the said Sum 4 of with Interest at the Rate

4 of

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV *

C. 125.

781

of per Centum per Annum, at the said extended

4 Period or Periods, in like Manner as they now stand liable for Payment thereof with Interest, according to the said Act: Now

these Presents witness, That we, whose Names are hereunder subscribed, do hereby severally and respectively declare that the said Application and Proposal so made to the said Commissioners by the said as aforesaid were

made with our Privity, Consent, and Approbation; and we do hereby consent and agree that the already

executed by us for the respective Sums set opposite our respective Names at the Foot hereof as aforesaid shall remain and continue as a Security for the Repayment of the said Sum ' of with Interest thereon at the Rate of

4 Pounds per Centum per Annum, at the said

extended Period, in like Manner as the same now stand, as a 4 Security for Repayment thereof, according to the said Act; and we further consent and agree that the said Commissioners shall be at liberty to grant to the said

the said Extension of Time for Payment, either upon the Security already received for the same, or upon any other or different Securities, as they in their Discretion shall think fit to accept. 4 Witness our Hands, this Day of.

And every such Consent, so subscribed and delivered, shall be binding upon the respective Sureties or Surety so signing the same, their, his, or her Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, in like Manner as such respective Sureties or Surety were or was by the original Security entered into by them or him bound for the Repayment of such Loan or Advance at the Times thereby limited for the Repayment thereof.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Persons making such Application to the said Commissioners shall not, previous to the Period limited for the Repayment of any Loan or Advance, be prepared to tender such sufficient Sureties or Surety or Securities or Security as shall by the said Commissioners be deemed satisfactory, the said Commissioners may, by Writing under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of them, grant to such Persons such further Time for the procuring and tendering such Sureties or Securities (not exceeding the Limits hereinafter mentioned) as they in their Discretion shall think fit to allow; and in the meantime, and until the Expiration of the Time so allowed by the said Commissioners for the Purpose aforesaid, such Parties respectively shall not be deemed or taken to have made default in Payment of such Instalment of the said Loan, nor shall any Process, Suit, or other Proceeding be issued, commenced, or had, nor any Warrant for the same granted, against the said Parties respectively, or their Sureties or Surety, their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, or upon or in respect of any Securities or Security made, assigned, or deposited, for the Purpose of recovering or compelling Payment of the said Loan or auy Part thereof.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case such Application shall be made to the said Commissioners for the Enlargement or Extension of the Time limited for the Payment of any such Loan or Advance, the said Commissioners shall

Commissioners may grant further Time to Persons not prepared to tender sufficient Sureties previous to Instalment becoming due.

Extension of Time not to exceed Three Months without Consent of the Treasury.

C. 125.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Persons to whom Time for Repayment of Loan shall be extended to enter into additional Bonds, &c.

Commissioners may grant to such Persons Extension of Times of Repayment by certain Instalments.

Commissioners to certify their Allowance of such Extension in the following Form.

shall not, without the Consent in Writing of Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, allow any longer Time for the Purposes aforesaid than Three Months, to be computed from the Time of Payment of the said Loan as limited by the said Act; and any Grant or Allowance by the said Commissioners to any Person or Persons making such Application of any longer or further Time for the Purposes aforesaid than as herein-before mentioned, without such Consent as aforesaid, shall be wholly void and of none Effect.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall make such Application to the said Commissioners for the Enlargement or Extension of the Time of Repayment, and whose Proposals shall be approved by the said Commissioners, shall, if required, forthwith enter into such additional Bonds or Obligations as shall be required and approved by the said Commissioners for the due Repayment of the Amount of such Exchequer Bills at or before the Expiration of such enlarged or extended Time, and shall deposit or cause to be deposited in the Hands of the said Commissioners, or of such Person as they shall appoint to receive the same, all such further or other Securities as shall have been tendered by the said Parties respectively and approved by the said Commissioners, and shall pay such Interest on the said Loan, and in such Manner and within such Time as hereinafter directed; and from and after the Execution and Delivery of such Bonds, and the signing of such Consent by the original Sureties as aforesaid, and the Deposit of such further Securities (as the Case may be) , and the Payment of such Interest as aforesaid, the said Commissioners may grant and allow in manner herein-after mentioned, to such Parties respectively, such Enlargement or Extension of the Times of Repayment of such Loan as they the said Commissioners shall in their Discretion think proper, so that the same be granted and allowed, with the Consent and Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, for the Time being; and such Parties respectively to whom the said Commissioners shall allow such Enlargement or Extension of the Times of Payment of the said Loan shall not be deemed or taken to have made default in Payment of the said Loan in manner directed by the said recited Act, nor shall any Process, Suit, or other Proceeding be issued, commenced, or had, nor any Warrant for the same granted against the said Parties respectively, or their Sureties or Surety, their or any of their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, or upon or in respect of any Securities or Security made, assigned, or deposited for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, or otherwise, in order to recover or compel Payment of the said Loan or any Part thereof, until the Expiration of such enlarged or extended Times as aforesaid.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which the said Commissioners shall think fit to grant or allow any such Enlargement or Extension of Time for the Repayment of such Loan, or any Instalment thereof, they the said Commissioners shall certify such their Allowance by a Writing under the Hands of any Three or more of them in the Form following; (that is to say,)

A.D. 1832. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 129.

WHEREAS the Commissioners named in and appointed

under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament passed in the Year of the Reign of His present

Majesty, intituled

did on the Day of advance to

the Sum of in Exchequer Bills,

who thereupon entered into and executed a Bond to His Majesty in the penal Sum of conditioned for the

Payment of the said Sum of with Interest, by

1 Instalments, according to the said Act: And whereas the said ' applied to the said Commissioners to extend

the Time for the Payment of the whole of the said Loan in

Exchequer Bills, [or the First, Second, or Third Instalments, ' as the same may be, -\ for the Space of for the

Time [or respective Times] when the same became payable

according to the said first-mentioned Act, and hath given ' Security for Payment thereof at such extended Period, which ' hath been approved: Now we whose Names are hereunto subscribed and Seals affixed, being Three of the said Commissioners, do, in pursuance of the Directions contained in the said last-mentioned Act, certify, That we have granted and

allowed to the said the further Time of

for Repayment of the said Sum of

from the Time [or respective Times] when

the same became payable. Given under our Hands and Seals, ' this Day of

And such Certificates shall be delivered to the respective Parties to whom such Allowance shall be made, and a Copy or Minute of all such Certificates or Allowances shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by the said Commissioners for that Purpose.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Persons and Person to whom such Enlargement or Extension of Time for the Payment of the said Instalments, or any or either of them, shall be granted or allowed under the Powers and Authorities herein-before given for that Purpose, shall, previous to receiving the Certificate of the said Commissioners for the same, pay or cause to be paid to the said Commissioners, or such Persons or Person as they shall appoint to receive the same, and all Arrears of Interest for the said Loan.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Default shall be made in the Repayment of all or any Part of such Loan or Advance for which any such Mortgage shall be accepted or taken by the said Commissioners as a Security, (but not otherwise,) the said Commissioners, or their*Attornies or Attorney to be appointed for that Purpose, by the proper Proceedings in the said Islands, upon Judgment to be entered up, shall take

Possession of all or any Parts or Part of the said mortgaged 'remises, and by Sale or Mortgage of the same, or a competent Part thereof, raise and levy such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be sufficient to repay all Monies due upon or in respect of such Loan or Advance, and the Interest thereof, and all Costs and Charges attending such Proceedings; and the Monies so recovered (the Costs and Charges aforesaid excepted) shall be

783

Copies of such Certificates to be entered.

Before receiving Certificates the Interest of Loans to be paid.

If Default be made in Repayment of Loans the mortgaged Premises may be sold.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Receipt of Attornies appointed by the Commissioners to be a sufficient Discharge.

Attornies to give Security, &c.

Commissioners may apply for Commissions of Bankruptcy, &c.

If principal Debtors do not in a limited Time produce Sureties in place of such as become Bankrupts, or pay Half of the Sum for which they were Sureties, their

C. 125 *

paid and applied in reimbursement and satisfaction of the Sum due upon or in respect of such Loan or Advance, in like' Manner as the Sums of Money to be recovered under the Proceedings authorized by the said recited Act in default of Payment are thereby directed to be paid and applied; and the Receipt of such Persons or Person as the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall nominate and appoint as' their Attornies or Attorney in the said Islands or in Great Britain, shall alone be a full and sufficient Discharge to such Mortgagees or Purchasers or Mortgagee or Purchaser for the Monies or Money advanced on Mortgage, or for the Purchase Monies or Purchase Money of the respective Premises so mortgaged or sold; and such Mortgagees or Purchasers or Mortgagee or Purchaser shall not be bound to see to the Application thereof, nor shall be liable or in any Manner accountable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication of "such Monies or Money by the Attornies or Agents of the said Commissioners or any of them; and the Attornies or Agents so to be appointed as aforesaid shall give Security by Obligations to His Majesty, with such Sureties as the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them shall approve, duly to account to the said Commissioners for, and to pay to the Cashiers of the Bank of England when and as the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them shall direct or appoint, all such Sum and Sums of Money as they shall recover or receive under or by virtue of such Appointments, after deducting all Costs, Charges, and Expences which shall or may be incurred in the Recovery thereof, and the Commission or Compensation to be paid or allowed to such Attornies or Agents for their Trouble; which Costs, Charges, Expences, Commission, or Compensation shall be examined and allowed by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, in such Manner and to such Extent as they in their Discretion shall think fit; and the said Attornies or Agents to be appointed as aforesaid shall alone be Accountants to His Majesty for such Sum and Sums of Money as they shall recover under or by virtue of this Act.

L. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may, in the Name of their Secretary for the Time* being, apply, by Petition or otherwise, to the proper Courts in England and Scotland respectively for any Commission of Bankruptcy or Sequestration against the Estate or Effects of any Bankrupt or Bankrupts, and to sue out and otherwise pursue the same respectively in like Manner as any other Creditor or Creditors is or are by Law entitled to do in England and Scotland respectively.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any such Surety or Sureties upon any such Loan by the said Commissioners under this Act shall be declared bankrupt as aforesaid, and the principal Debtor or Debtors thereon shall not, within Fourteen Days after Notice thereof and Requisition made for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, produce another Surety or Sureties to be approved of by the said Commissioners to become bound, and who shall accordingly become bound in the said £um by the like Surety or Sureties in lieu of the Surety or Sureties? so becoming bankrupt as aforesaid, or pay te the said Commissioners

A.D. 1832. 2* & 3 GULIELMI IV. C. 125.

785

sioners One Half of the Sum for which such Surety or Sureties Securities shall were bound by such Security or Securities, then the Security be deemed for-and Securities given or entered into by such principal Debtor ^, ted that* or Debtors shall be deemed forfeited as far as to the Amount of Amount *

One Half of the Sum or Sums in which such Surety or Sureties were bound respectively; and the said Commissioners may cause Process to be issued in the Manner prescribed by this Act against the principal Debtor or Debtors, his and their Heirs,

Executors, and Administrators, for the Recovery of One Half Part of all and every the Sum and Sums in which such Surety or Sureties were bound respectively, together with Interest and Costs, to be directed by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act.

LII. And be it further enacted, That any Person appointed Any Person by the said Commissioners to act in the Execution of this Act appointed by may, on Oath or Affirmation, which Oath, Affirmation, and Affidavit respectively shall be taken and administered before any of admltted to the proper Officers having Authority by Law to administer Oaths prove Debts, or Affirmations or to take Affidavits in Cases of Bankruptcy, &c. prove any Debt or Grounds of Debt under this Act, and vote m the Dhoice of an Assignee or Assignees, Factor or Factors,

Trustee or Trustees, as the Case may require, of such Bankrupt's Estate and Effects, and may do and execute every other Act, Matter, and Thing relating to such Bankruptcy or Sequestration, as fully and effectually as if such Person so authorized was the bona fide Creditor of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts.

LIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no- Act not to thing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend delay the Exe-to prevent, hinder, or delay the Execution of any Commission cutl^n C°ra-of Bankruptcy according to the Laws now in force in that Part Bank°mptcy of Great Britain called England, or the proceeding to or under provided, &c. Sequestration in Scotland, provided that every Assignment of the Estate or Effects of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts under the said Commission in Englar ' f Sequestration

Scotland, shall be subject to the Claims of the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, and until the same shall be fully paid or secured to be paid.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That all Mortgages, Heritable Deposits to be Bonds, or other Heritable or Real Securities, and all Assign- vested in the ments of Mortgages, Heritable Bonds, or other Heritable or Commissioners; Real Securities, and also all Exchequer Bills, India Bonds,

Bills of Exchange, and other negotiable Securities for Money

whatsoever, given to or deposited with the said Commissioners under the Authority and for the Purposes of this Act, shall be

for such Purposes vested in the said Commissioners, by the

Name of "The Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills

advanced to Persons connected with or trading to the Islands of Jamaica, Barbadoes, Saint Lucie, or Saint Vincents and that who may sue

the said Commissioners shall and may sue and be sued in the and be sued in

Name of the Secretary for the Time being; and that no Action

or Suit in Law or Equity to be brought or commenced by or their Secreta, T *

against the said Commissioners on account of this Act, in the

Name of their Secretary for the Time being, shall abate or be

of the Estate or Effects

Bankrupts in

2 & 3 Gul. IV.

3 E

discon-

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

786 C. 125.

No Obligation, &c. under this Act liable to Stamp Duty.

The Bank of England to open and keep an Account with the Commissioners.

discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Secretary, or by the Act of such Secretary without the Consent of the said Commissioners, but the Secretary to the said Commissioners for the Time being shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action or Suit (as the Case may be); and no Action or Suit shall be brought against the said Commissioners collectively or individually, or against their Secretary, except in one of the said Courts of Exchequer, and with the Leave of such Court first had and obtained, and upon such Terms and Conditions as the said Courts shall direct.

LV. And be it further enacted, That no Obligation to His Majesty, Mortgage, Assignment, or other Security taken by the said Commissioners from and after the passing of this Act, nor any Re-conveyance or Re-assignment thereof, nor any Promissory Note to be given to the Secretary to the said Commissioners under this Act as a Security for the Loan of Money in such Exchequer Bills as aforesaid, nor any Affidavit, Deposition, or Receipt taken or to be taken, or any other Instrument to be given or made under and by virtue of this Act, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatsoever.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the Governor and Directors of the Bank of England are hereby required to open and keep an Account in their Books with the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act under the Title of " Commissioners for the Issue of certain Exchequer Bills to Persons connected with West India Islands," and shall carry to the Credit of such Account the several Monies by this Act directed to be paid to the Cashiers of the said Bank of England; and whenever the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act shall have advanced or lent any of the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act to any Person or Persons, the said Commissioners shall, at some Time before the Sums contained therein shall be to be repaid, deliver to such Person or Persons, at his or their Request, One or more Certificate or Certificates under the Hands of any Three or more of them, specifying the Amount of the Exchequer Bills lent and advanced to such Person or Persons, and the Amount of the Money to be received on account thereof; and the said Cashiers of the Bank or One of them shall, upon the Production of such Certificate or Certificates, accept and receive from the Person or Persons producing the same the Amount of the Money therein mentioned to be receivable, and at the Foot of such Certificate or Certificates shall acknowledge the Receipt of the said Money without Fee or Reward; and every Receipt so given as aforesaid shall be afterwards brought to the Office of the said Commissioners, and by them entered in proper Books to be provided and kept for that Purpose, and the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall attest the same under their Hands, and return the same to the Person or Persons producing the same at the said Office; and every such Receipt so attested, and every such Entry in any of the said Books, shall respectively from thenceforth be a valid and effectual Acquittance and Discharge for the Sum or Sums expressed therein to have been received, as well against the said Commissioners and every of them, their and

A.D. 1832. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. c. 125. 787

every of their Executors and Administrators, and also to the Person or Persons to whom such Receipt or Receipts shall be given, and to all and every the Person and Persons who shall have entered into any Security in respect of the Exchequer Bills mentioned in such Certificate to which such Receipt shall be subscribed, their and every of their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators respectively, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and all Money which may be recovered by any legal or other Proceedings directed by the said Commissioners under the Authority of this Act shall be paid by the Secretary of the said Commissioners, or such other Persons as may be appointed by them for that Purpose, into the same Account, upon a Certificate, to be signed by Three or more of the said Commissioners, specifying on what or on whose Account the said Money may have been recovered; and the said Cashiers of the Bank or any One of them shall, upon the Production of such last-mentioned Certificate, accept and receive from such Secretary or other Person the Monies mentioned in such last-mentioned Certificate, and at the Foot of such Certificate shall acknowledge the Receipt of the said Monies without Fee or Reward.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money Money paid which shall be paid into the Bank of England under or by virtue int0 the Bai}k of this Act shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster; and there shall be into rtie Exche-provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt quer, and kept of the said Exchequer a Book or Books in which all the Monies apart from other paid into the said Receipt by virtue of this Act shall be entered, Monies; and to separate and apart from all other Monies paid into the said Us^herein* Receipt upon any other Account whatever; and that all Monies sp2fied.em so paid into the said Receipt by virtue of this Act shall be subject and liable to the Uses and Purposes herein-after mentioned;

(that is to say,) in the first place, for paying off and discharging all the Exchequer Bills to be made out by virtue of this Act, with such Interest as shall be payable thereon, at the respective Days and Times, and in the Order and Course in which the same are hereby directed to be discharged; and all such Exchequer Bills, and Interest thereon as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon and shall be repaid and borne by and out of the first Monies that shall arise in the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer accordingly; and after paying off and discharging the same, in the next place to pay off all the Charges and Expences which shall be incurred by the said Commissioners, and to make good all such Sums as have been issued to the said Commissioners out of the Public Monies towards the said Charges and Expences, in pursuance of the Orders of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury or any Three of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, according to the Directions of this Act, and also to pay and satisfy all Charges and Expences incidental to or attending the making out such Exchequer Bills; and if any Surplus shall remain of the Monies paid into the said Receipt by virtue of this Act upon satisfying the several Sums hereby charged thereon as aforesaid, such Surplus shall be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament.

788

C. 125.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

Bank may advance Money on the Credit of this Act.

5 & 6 W. & M.

C. 20.

Exchequer Bills not used to be cancelled.

Six Months Notice to be given of Termination of the Powers of the Commissioners.

LVIII. And be it farther enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance or lend to His Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer of Great Britain} upon the Credit of the Exchequer Bills issued under this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One Million; any thing in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for granting to their Majesties several Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Skips and Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors; and for securing certain Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds toioards carrying on the War against France, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LIX. And whereas the Parties to whom Exchequer Bills may 1 be issued by virtue of this Act may not have Occasion to make use of all the said Bills, ' be it further enacted, That such Exchequer Bills as may be tendered in payment or part payment of any of the Sums advanced by virtue of this Act shall be returned to the Office at the Exchequer in Great Britain from which they were issued, and forthwith cancelled by the proper Officer or Officers by whom the said Bills were issued, he or they giving a Certificate to the Person returning such Exchequer Bills for the Information of the said Commissioners, and in order that the Amount thereof and of all Interest due thereon may be credited to the Parties so returning the same to be cancelled.

LX. And be it further enacted, That so soon as the whole Sum of One Million by this Act authorized to be issued and applied, under the Provisions of the said recited Acts and this Act shall have been advanced and lent by the said Commissioners for the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act, or whenever the Sums so lent and advanced by the said Commissioners shall amount to any Sum within Five thousand Pounds of the full Amount of the said Sum of One Million, or whenever the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall think that the Powers of the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act may, without Injury to any Principals or Sureties or other Persons interested in the Properties for which Advances have been made, or in any Securities given in relation thereto, cease and determine, the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized to direct the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them, of whom the Chairman or Deputy Chairman shall be One, and the said Commissioners are thereupon hereby authorized and required to publish and declare, by Advertisements to be inserted in the London Gazette, and such of the daily Newspapers as the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury may appoint, that at the Expiration of Six Calendar Months from the Date of the said Advertisements respectively the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act will cease to execute and perform the Powers and Authorities vested in them by this Act, and all the Powers and Authorities of the said Commissioners for the Execution of

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 125.

789

this Act shall thereupon cease and determine accordingly; and the said Commissioners shall, with all convenient Speed, lay an Account in Writing of all their Proceedings under the said recited Acts and this Act before both Houses of Parliament, and also shall deliver or cause to be delivered up to the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, by Writing under their Hands, shall nominate and appoint, all the Bonds, Mortgages, Deeds, Books of Account,

Papers, and Writings, of what Nature or Kind soever, in the Possession or under the Controul of the said Commissioners or any of their Officers, touching or relating to any Security or Securities whatsoever taken by them the said Commissioners for any Loan or Loans advanced by them under the Powers and Authorities of the said recited Acts, or any of them, and this Act, together with the Minutes of the Proceedings of them the said Commissioners, and all Books, Papers, and Writings in any Manner relating thereto.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Commissioner! herein appointed shall from Time to Time at their Discretion, to give an Ac-or as often as they shall be thereunto required, during their ^untoftheir carrying on any Proceedings by virtue of this Act, and as soon th^Treasi^!0 as possible after the Determination of such Proceedings, without any further Requisition, give an Account of their Proceedings in Writing to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Commissioners shall and may receive and send by the General Post, from and may receive and to Places within the United Kingdom, all Letters and Packets 8611(1 Letters relating solely and exclusively to the Execution of this Act, free free Posta^e* from the Duty of Postage, provided that such Letters and Packets as shall be sent to the said Commissioners be directed " To the Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills" at their Office in London, and that all such Letters and Packets as shall be sent by the said Commissioners shall be in Covers, with the Words " Exchequer Bill Office, pursuant to Act of Parliament of 3d William 4th," printed on the same, and be signed on the Outside thereof under such Words with the Name of such Person as the said Commissioners, with the Consent of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall authorize and appoint, in his own Handwriting, and be sealed with the Seal of the said Commissioners, and under such other Regulations and Restrictions as the said Lords Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall think proper and direct; and the Person so to be authorized is hereby strictly forbidden so to subscribe or seal any Letter or Packet whatever, except such only concerning which he shall receive the special Direction of his superior Officer, or which he shall himself know to relate solely and exclusively to the Execution of this Act; and if the Person so to be authorized, or any other Person, shall send or cause or permit to be sent under any such Cover any Letter, Paper, or Writing, or any Enclosure other than what shall relate to the Execution of this Act, every Person so offending

C. 125.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

The Treasury may authorize any Sum not exceeding 58,000l. to be issued for the Relief of the Colonies of Trinidad, British Guiana, and St. Lucie.

Accounts of Sums issued to be laid before Parliament.

Limitations of Actions.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and be dismissed from his Office.

LXIII. And whereas it is expedient to make Provision for the Relief of His Majesty's Colonies of Trinidad, British 6 Guiana, and Saint Lucie, be it therefore enacted, That the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, for the Time being, may, upon the Requisition in Writing of His Majesty's Secretary of State having Charge for the Time being of the Affairs of those Colonies, authorize and order and direct the Payment, out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, any Sum or Sums of Money to any Person or Persons who may be authorized by such Secretary of State to receive the same, for the Relief of all or any or either of such Colonies, so that the whole Sum so issued shall not exceed the Sum of Fifty-eight thousand Pounds, and so that the Sum issued for the Relief of any One of such Colonies shall not exceed One Half the Amount of the annual Revenue of the Colony for which such Relief shall be required: Provided always, that a Copy of the Requisition of the Secretary of State, and of the Orders made by the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury thereupon, and an Account of the Sum or Sums issued out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund in pursuance of such Order, shall be laid before Parliament within Ten Days after the Issue of any such Money if Parliament shall be then sitting, or if Parliament shall not then be sitting, then within Ten Days after the next Meeting of Parliament.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act until Fourteen Days Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to the Secretary for the Time being of the said Commissioners, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed; and every such Action shall be brought in the said respective Courts of Exchequer, and shall be laid in the County of Middlesex or City of Edinburgh respectively, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same appear so to be done, or if such Action or Suit so to be brought after the Time hereinbefore limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought without Fourteen Days Notice thereof, or shall be brought in any other County or Place, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become .nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Suit, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in any other Cases of Law.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 125, 126.

791

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or cause or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or knowingly or wilfully act or assist in the forging, counterfeiting, or altering any Certificate or Certificates of the said Commissioners by this Act appointed as aforesaid or any of them, or any Receipt or Receipts to be given by the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England in pursuance of this Act, or shall wilfully deliver to the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer for the Time being, or to any Officer appointed by him, , or to the said Commissioners by this Act appointed or any of them, or to any Officer or Officers appointed by them or any of them in the Execution of the Powers of this Act, or shall utter any such forged, counterfeited, or altered Certificate or Certificates, Receipt or Receipts, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Person whomsoever, then and in every such Case all and every Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or any of the Provisions thereof, may be amended, altered, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. CXXVI.

An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund, and the Surplus of Ways and Means, to the Service of the Year

One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[16th August 1832.]

§ I. There shall be applied, for the Service of the Year 1832, .C8, 450,000 out of the Consolidated Fund.

II. The Treasury may cause .C8, 450,000 Exchequer Bills to be made out in manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1.

III. The Clauses, &c. in that Act extended to this.

IV. Exchequer Bills to bear Interest not exceeding 3^d.

per Cent. per Diem;

V. And to be placed as so much Cash in the Exchequer.

VI. The Money raised to be applied by the Treasury to Services voted in this Session.

VII. Exchequer Bills made chargeable upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund.

VIII. The Bank may advance not exceeding .C8, 450,000 on the Credit of this Act.

IX. There shall also be applied .C1, 471, 333 2s. 9fd. Surplus of Grants for 1823, 1825, and Six following Years.

X. Monies coming into the Exchequer by cc. 6. 8. 22. 30. 55. & 95. ante9 — .C12,000,000 by Exchequer Bills under c. 12. ante, — .C13, 896, 600 by Exchequer Bills under c. 94. ante, — and also the said ^C8, 450,000 and C1, 471, 333 2s. 9fe?., shall be applied as hereafter expressed.

3 E 4 XI. There

Punishment of Persons counterfeiting Certificates, Sec.

Act may be altered.

* 92 C. 126. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 18S2.

XI. There shall be issued and applied,

.£6, 301, 727 9 2

270, 400 0 0

18,000 0 0

9, 817 7 9

7, 939 3 1

12, 032 13 2

5, 268 19 3

20, 581 13 9

4, 682 15 0

124, 100 13 4

154, 200 0 0

17, 500 0 0

12, 032 10 0

5, 68.5 14 9

4, 630 0 0

192, 800 0 0

72, 605 8 1

1, 300 0 0

65,000 0 0

37, 625 18 5

31, 400 0 0

300 0 0

22, 125 0 0

180 0 0

150, 800 0 0

7, 512 10 0

15, 838 5 0

6, 044 16 0

7, 500 0 0

7, 902 11 0

2, 139 9 0

43, 753 0 0

39, 394 7 0

52,000 0 0

For Naval Services, viz.

For Three Months to the 31st March 1832 *

For Wages of 32,000 Men, at £2 12s. per Man per Month.

For Wages, &c. of Officers, &c. of Vessels in Ordinary.

For Salaries, &c. of Officers, and Contingent Expences of the Admiralty Office.

For the Salaries of Officers, &c. of the Navy Pay Office.

For the Navy Office.

For the Scientific Departments of the Navy.

For Salaries of Officers and contingent Expences of His Majesty's Yards at Home.

For ditto of Yards Abroad.

For Wages to Artificers in His Majesty's Yards at Home and Abroad.

For Timber and other Materials.

For Repairs and Improvements in the Dock Yards.

For Pilotage and other Contingencies.

For Transport Service and Freight of Stores.

For Hire of Packets.

For Naval Half Pay.

For Pensions and Allowances to Naval Officers, their Widows and Relatives.

For Chaplains.

For Out*Pensioners of Greenwich Hospital.

For Superannuations, &c. to Commissioners, &c. formerly employed in Naval Departments.

For Freight of Ships for Conveyance of Troops, Stores, &c.

For Freight of Passengers on account of the Colonial Department.

For conveying Convicts to New South Wales.

For Capture or Destruction of Piratical Vessels.

For Victuals for the said 32,000 Men at £1 9s. per Man per Month.

For the Victualling Office.

For Salaries of Officers and contingent Expences of Victualling Yards.

For Naval Medical Establishments.

For Medical Stores and Provisions.

For Provisions for Ships in Ordinary.

For ditto for Yard Service afloat.

For Provisions for Troops on Foreign Stations, and for the Convict Service, and Rations for Troops to be embarked in Ships of War and Transports.

For Half Pay, Pensions, &c. in Victualling and Medical Departments.

For Works at Cremill and Weevil.

A.D. 18S2. 2* & S' GULIELMI IV. c. 126. 793

For One Year to the 31st March 1833.

£ 851, 175 0 0 For Wages of 27,000 Men at £2 8s. 6d.per Man per Month.

72.000 0 0 For Wages of Officers and Men of Vessels in

Ordinary.

30, 356 12 2 For Salaries of Officers, &c. of the Navy Pay Office.

20, 051 12 6 For the Scientific Departments of the Navy. 72, 224? 19 3 For Salaries of Officers and contingent Expences of His Majesty's Yards at Home.

17, 116 11 3 For ditto for Foreign Yards.

501, 492 9 0 For Wages to Artificers in His Majesty's Yards at Home and Abroad.

457, 207 0 0 For Timber and other Materials.

47.000 0 0 For Repairs and Improvements in the Dock

Yards.

38, 980 0 0 For Pilotage and other Contingencies.

21, 953 10 0 For Transport Service and Freight of Stores. 18, 520 0 0 For Hire of Packets.

785, 507 16 4 For Naval Half Pay.

253, 575 12 4 For Pensions and Allowances to Naval Officers, their Widows and Relatives.

1, 300 0 0 For Chaplains.

250.000 0 0 For Out-Pensioners of Greenwich Hospital. 157, 002 7 0 For Superannuations, &c. to Commissioners, &c.

formerly employed in Naval Departments.

115.000 0 0 For Freight of Ships for Conveyance of Troops,

Stores, &c.

1, 500 0 0 For Freight of Passengers on account of the Colonial Department.

88, 500 0 0 For conveying Convicts to New South Wales.

421, 200 0 0 For Victuals for the said 27,000 Men at £1 4s.

per Man per Month.

48, 977 4 9 For Salaries of Officers, and contingent Expences of Victualling Yards.

24, 905 14 0 For Naval Medical Establishments.

25, 200 0 0 For Medical Stores and Provisions.

29, 347 10 0 For Provisions for Ships in Ordinary.

8, 970 0 0 For ditto for Yard Service afloat.

29, 168 1 6 For the Royal Marines.

34, 283 10 0 For Pensions, &c. in the Victualling, Medical,

and Transport Departments.

150.000 0 0 For Provisions for Troops on Foreign Stations,

and for the Convict Service, and Rations for Troops to be embarked in Ships of War and Transports.

60,000 0 0 For Works in the Victualling Department. 42, 269 11 1 For Salaries of Officers and contingent Expences of the Admiralty Office.

45, 630 12 7 For the Navy Office.

26, 560 0 0 For Salaries of Officers and contingent Expences of the Victualling Office.

131, 659 0 10 For Half Pay and Pensions in the Victualling and Medical Departments.

794

C. 126.

§ XII.

8, 965, 425 8 7

805, 961 1 9

30, 666 17 7

25, 245 15 9

3,000 0 0

8, 424 13 10

990 13 10

5, 773 10 9

16, 768 9 10

4, 800 0 0

32, 200 0 0

23,000 0 0

169, 600 0 0

22, 425 0 0

6, 683 19 0

36, 980 0 0

44, 047 0 0

378, 579 1 7

12, 695 18 1

3, 650 0 0

13, 204- 5 8

83, 235 0 0

3, 170, 779 19 2

117, 274 19 10

103, 014 15 7

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

For Land Forces and other Services after mentioned:

From 1st January to 31st March 1832.

For the Forces in the United Kingdom and Stations Abroad (except India).

For General Staff Officers, Officers of Hospitals in the United Kingdom and on Foreign Stations (except India).

For Allowances to principal Officers of Public Military Departments in the United Kingdom, their Deputies and Clerks, and contingent Expences.

For Medicines and Surgical Materials.

For Garrisons at Home and Abroad.

For the Royal Military College.

For the Royal Military Asylum and Hibernian Military School.

For Volunteer Corps in the United Kingdom.

For Exchequer Fees upon Issues for Army Services.

For Pay of General Officers not being Colonels of Regiments.

For Full Pay for reduced, retired, and unattached Officers.

For Half Pay and Allowances to reduced and retired Officers.

For Half Pay and reduced Allowances to Officers of disbanded Foreign Corps, Pensions to wounded Foreign Officers, and Allowances to Widows and Children of deceased Foreign Officers.

For Allowances to retired and reduced Officers, &c. of Militia and Yeomanry.

For Pensions to Widows of Officers.

For Compassionate List, Allowances of His Majesty's Bounty, and Pensions to wounded Officers.

For Expences, &c. of Chelsea and Kilmainham Hospitals, and Out-Pensioners of Chelsea.

For Superannuations to Persons formerly belonging to Public Military Departments.

For Exchequer Fees upon Issues for non-effective Army Services.

For Half Pay, Pensions, &c. of Commissariat Officers, their Widows and Relatives.

For the Commissariat Department.

From 1st /ipril 1832 to 31st March 1833.

For Forces in the United Kingdom and Stations Abroad (except India).

For General Staff Officers, Officers of Hospitals in the United Kingdom and Foreign Stations (except India).

For Allowances to the principal Officers of Public Departments, their Deputies and Clerks, and contingent Expences.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 126.

795

A.D. 18S2.

£ 12,000 0 0

33, 670 16 2

2, 638 11 1

22, 885 16 8

99, 608 12 4

17, 500 0 0

125,000 0 0

90,000 0 0

666, 500 0 0

88, 900 0 0

26, 334 15 0

147, 423 0 0

175, 041 0 0

1, 350, 503 6 8

50, 750 16 10

14, 500 0 0

315, 546 0 0

55, 139 0 9

202, 482 10 10

50,000 0 0

300,000 0 0

XIII. 1, 765, 806 0 0

19, 828 0 0

2, 299 0 0

3, 854 0 0

6, 929 0 0

9, 434 0 0

1, 272 0 0

20, 327 0 0

For Medicines and Surgical Materials for the Forces, and Hospital Contingencies.

For Garrisons at Home and Abroad.

For the Royal Military College.

For the Royal Military Asylum and Hibernian Military School.

For Volunteer Corps in the United Kingdom.

For Exchequer Fees on Issues for Army Services.

For Pay of General Officers not being Colonels of Regiments.

For Full Pay for reduced and retired Officers.

For Half Pay and Allowances to reduced and retired Officers.

For Half Pay and reduced Allowances to Officers of disbanded Foreign Corps, Pensions to wounded Foreign Officers, and Allowances to Widows and Children of deceased Foreign Officers.

For reduced and retired Officers, &c. of Militia and Yeomanry.

For Pensions to Widows of Officers of Land Forces.

For Compassionate List, Allowances of His Majesty's Bounty, and Pensions to wounded Officers.

For Expences, &c. of Chelsea and Kilmainham Hospital, and Out-Pensioners of Chelsea.

For Superannuations to Persons formerly belonging to Public Departments in the United Kingdom.

For Exchequer Fees upon Issues for Non-effective Army Services.

For the Commissariat Department.

For Half Pay and Pensions of Commissariat Officers, and Pensions and Allowances to their Widows and Children.

For disembodied Militia from 1st January 1832 to 31st March 1833.

For Compensations in lieu of Pensions under 1W.4. c. 41.

For Army Extraordinaries from 1st January 1832 till 31st March 1833.

For Ordnance Services, to be applied for Three Months as after-mentioned, viz. from 1st January to 31st March 1832.

For Salaries of Civil Establishments at the Tower, Pall Mall, and Dublin.

For Salaries to the Departments at Woolwich.

For Salaries to the Civil Establishments at Home.

For ditto Abroad and in Ireland.

For Salaries of Barrack Masters and Serjeants at Home, in Ireland, and the Colonies.

For Master Gunners in Great Britain, Guernsey, Jersey, and Ireland.

For Engineers, Sappers and Miners, and Establishments for their Instruction.

796

C. 126.

£ 69, 385 0

9, 003 0

306 0

2, 426 0

200 0 15, 354 0

5, 339 0

16, 356 0

40, 886 0

29, 671 0 379 0 73, 308 0

14, 562 0

77, 639 0

9, 199 0

15, 139 0 27, 375 0 37, 735 0 5, 088 0 81, 535 0

278, 264 0

36, 105 0

1, 226 0

9, 894 0

800 0

34, 029 0 26, 654 0

27, 389 0

2 & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

0 For the Royal Artillery in Great Britain, Ireland, and the Colonies.

0 For Brigade of Horse Artillery and Riding House Troop.

0 For the Director General of Artillery and Field Train Department.

0 For the Medical Establishment of the Military Department of the Ordnance.

0 For the Academy at Woolwich.

0 For Superintendence, &c. of Works in United Kingdom and the Colonies.

0 For Extraordinaries on account of the Storekeepers Department, after deducting £ 13,000 for Rents, &c. to be received.

0 Fpr ditto on account of Barrack Masters Expenditure, &c., and Miscellaneous Charges.

0 For ditto on account of Military and Civil Contingencies, Stores, &c.

0 For the Military Store Branch.

0 For Exchequer Fees on the Ordnance Estimates.

0 For superannuated and retired Officers and superannuated Men, and Pensions to Widows and Children of deceased Officers.

0 For retired Civil Officers of the Ordnance Office and Barrack Department, and Widows Pensions. For the Year ending the 31st March 1833.

0 For Salaries to the Master General and principal Officers and Clerks, &c. at the Tower, Pall Molly Tooley Street, and Dublin.

0 For Salaries to the Departments of the Office at Woolwich.

0 For Salaries to the Civil Establishments at Home.

0 For ditto Abroad and in Ireland.

0 For Salaries of Barrack Masters and Serjeants.

0 For Master Gunners in Great Britain and Ireland.

0 For the Engineers, Sappers, and Miners, and Establishment for their Instruction.

0 For the Royal Artillery in Great Britain, Ireland, and the Colonies.

0 For Brigade of Horse Artillery and Riding House Troop.

0 For the Director General of Artillery and Field Train Department.

0 For the Medical Establishment of the Military Department of the Ordnance.

0 For Officers, Professors, and Masters of the Academy at Woolwich, after deducting £3, 066 to be received for Cadets.

0 For Superintendence of Works and Repairs.

0 For Works and Repairs, and Storekeepers Department, after deducting e£l 93, 126 for Rents, old Stores, &c.

0 For Superintendence of building and repair of Barracks.

A.D. 1832.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 126.

797

£ 108, 130 0 0

59, 480 0 0 115, 570 0 0 58, 976 0 0

5, 973 0 0 1, 520 0 0 293, 231 0 0

58, 246 0 0

29, 579 0 0

2, 300 0 0

20,000 0 0

3, 612 0 0 § XIV. 25, 616, 400 0 0 XV. 280, 200 0 0 4, 973 4 0

XVI.

5, 624 11 8 4, 025 0 0 16, 576 5 0 43, 043 7 1

27, 438 13 1

13, 456 9 25,000 0 800 0

XVII. 3,000,000 0

199.000 0

100.000 0 16, 922 0 70, 800 0

For the building and repair of Barracks, after deducting j£41,000 for Rents of Canteens, &c. to be received.

For Barrack Masters Department.

For the Military and Civil Contingencies.

For Stores, including ^56, 386, heretofore charged under Military Store Branch.

For Miscellaneous Charges for Barrack Services.

For Exchequer Fees on Ordnance Estimates.

For superannuated and retired Officers and superannuated Men, and Pensions to Widows and Children of deceased Officers.

For retired Civil Officers of the Ordnance and Barrack Department, and Widows Pensions.

For Supplementary Estimate in 1832 for Damages at Barbadoes.

For ditto at St. Vincents.

For ditto for Stores for Foreign Works

and Repairs in 1833 (to be deducted from the Vote in that Year).

For Services of the Ordnance not provided for in 1831.

To pay off Exchequer Bills charged on the Aids of 1831 and 1832.

To pay off Exchequer Bills issued for Public Works and Fisheries, and building Churches.

For the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands from 1st January 1832 to 31st March 1833.

For ditto of Bermuda} ditto.

For ditto of Prince Edwards Island, ditto.

For ditto of Newfoundland, ditto.

For ditto of Settlements in Western Africa^ ditto.

For Ecclesiastical Establishments in North America, and the Society for propagating the Gospel in the Colonies, ditto.

For Settlement in Western Australia, ditto.

For the Indian Department in Canada, ditto.

For Civil Establishment of Nova Scotia from 1st January to 31st March 1832.

To discharge the like Amount of Supplies granted for 1831 or any preceding Year.

For Civil Contingencies from 1st January 1832 to 31st March 1833.

For Relief of Sufferers in Barbadoes, St. Vincent, and St. Lucie.

For the British Museum for the Year ending at Christmas 1832.

For Public Buildings and Works heretofore charged upon the Civil List, and Repairs of Holyrood House and Public Buildings in Scotland heretofore charged on the Hereditary Revenue of Scotland to 31st March 1833.

798

C. 126. £ 7, 875 0 0

5, 668 0 0

5,000 0 0

3, 913 0 0

10,000 0 0

50,000 0 0

9, 500 0 0

6,000 0 0

44, 514 0 0

958 0 0

15, 300 0 0

38, 200 0 0

13, 900 0 0

16, 895 0 0

14, 930 0 0

17, 504 0 0

9, 400 0 0

8, 460 0 0

47, 750 0 0

5, 055 0 0

4, 750 0 0

5, 400 0 0

13, 680 0 0

2, 092 0 0

24, 287 0 0

1, 462 0 0

5, 400 0 0

66, 151 0 0

16,000 0 0

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

For Alterations in the Palace at Brighton in 1832.

For Works at Port Patrick Harbour from 1st January 1832 to 31st March 1833.

For ditto at Donaghadee Harbour ditto.

For the Roads and Harbours of Howth and Holy-head for 1832.

For new Buildings at the British Museum from 1st January 1832 to 31st March 1833.

For Repairs at Windsor Castle ditto.

For erecting the State Paper Office ditto.

For Works at the College of Edinburgh in 1832. For the Officers of the Houses of Parliament, ditto.

For certain Professors in Oxford and Cambridge^ ditto.

For Expences of the Houses-of Parliament For Deficiency of Fee Fund in the Treasury Department - For ditto at the Home Office For ditto at the Foreign Office For ditto at the Colonial Office For ditto at the Privy Council For contingent Expences at the Treasury - For ditto in the Home Department -

For ditto in the Foreign Department -

For ditto in the Colonial Department -

For ditto in the Privy Council For Messengers at the Treasury and Exchequer For Salaries and Expences of Insolvent Debtors Court - For Superintendence of Aliens For the Penitentiary at Mil-bank -

For Deficiency of Fee Fund in the Registry of Colonial Slaves -

For the State Paper Office and Offices for Custody of Records - For retired Allowances to Persons formerly employed in Public Offices or in the Public Service For Toulonese and Corsican Emigrants, Dutch Naval Officers, St. Domingo Sufferers,

American Loyalists, &c.

From 1st January 1832 > to

31st March 1833.

A.D. 182.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 126.

799

£ 2,000 0 0

2, 200 0 0 3,000 0 0 3, 682 0 0

5, 150 0 0

44?, 325 0 0 56,000 0 0

99, 500 0 0

4, 500 0 0

10,000 0 0 18, 750 0 0 119, 860 0 0 31, 250 0 0 8, 519 0 0

105, 638 15 0 172, 236 0 0

10, 400 0 0

19.500 0 0

15.000 0 0

10.000 0 0

15, 700 0 0 15, 716 13 9 1,000 0 0

15,000 0 0

5,000 0 0

62.500 0 0

18, 800 0 0 11, 486 0 0 § XVIII. 195,000 0 0

78,000 0 0

For Salary to the Lord Privy Seal for One Year to 31st March 1833.

For the Vaccine Establishment for 1832.

For the Refuge for the Destitute for ditto.

For confining and maintaining Criminal Lunatics from 1st January 1832 to 31st March 1833.

For Dissenting Ministers, poor French Protestant Refugee Clergy and Laity, &c., ditto.

For Foreign and other Secret Services, ditto.

For printing Acts and other Papers for the Houses of Parliament for 1832.

For Stationery, Printing, and Binding for Public Departments, and for Printing for Parliament from 1st April 1832 to 31st March 1833.

For extraordinary Expences of the Mint in the Gold Coinage from 1st January 1832 to 31st March 1833.

For Prosecutions relating to the Coin, ditto.

For Law Charges, ditto.

For Convicts at Home and in Bermuda, ditto.

For the Support of captured Negroes, &c., ditto.

For Salaries, &c. of Commissioners for preventing the Traffic in Slaves, ditto.

For Salaries and Expences of Consuls, ditto.

For Convicts in New South Wales and Van Die-marts Land, ditto.

For Parliamentary Fees on Turnpike Road Bills in 1832.

For Commissioners for inquiring into Charities from 1st January 1832 to 31st March 1833.

For Commissioners of Law Inquiry for 1832.

For Commissioners of Public Records from 1st April 1832 to 31st March 1833.

For Compensation to the late Mr. Shelton.

For St Domingo Sufferers.

To complete the Charge for Civil Contingencies for 1832.

For erecting a National Gallery and Record Office for One Year to 31st March 1833.

For Compensation to W. S. Boyd.

For improving the Water Communication in Canada from 1st January 1832 to 31st March 1833.

For the Bideau Canal for One Year to 31st March 1833.

For Salaries to Governors, &c. in the West India Colonies for ditto.

For Salaries, &c. heretofore paid out of the Civil List, &c. from the last Payment to 5th April 1832.

For Charges in Scotland, heretofore paid out of the Hereditary Revenue, from 1st January 1832 to 31st March 1833.

800

§XIX.

XX.

XXL

XXII.

XXIII.

C. 126.

30, 892 0 0

22, 298 0 0

1, 735 0 0

1, 046 0 0

1, 354 0 0

3, 500 0 0

1, 423 0 0

1, 962 0 0

4, 825 0 0

625 0 0

6, 625 0 0

375 0 0

1, 875 0 0

37, 500 0 0

3, 750 0 0

11, 160 0 0

875 0 0

14, 800 0 0

28, 716 0 10i

17, 677 0 0

8, 807 18 0

5, 125 0 0

72, 500 0 0

30, 280 5 0

24, 937 0 0

4, 454 4 H

7, 500 0 0

26, 668 10 0

2, 500 0 0

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

For the Foundling Hospital' in Dublin - For the House of Industry in Dublin -

For the Richmond Lunatic Asylum -

For the Hibernian Marine Society - For the Female Orphan House in Dublin - For the Westmoreland Lock Hospital For the Lying-in Hospital For Dr. Stevens' Hospital For the Fever Hospital For Hospital for Incurables - For Royal Dublin Society For Royal Irish Academy For Belfast Academical Institution -

For Advancement of Education -

For Protestant Charter Schools in Ireland - For Maynooth College For Board of Charitable Bequests - For Board of Works For Secretaries to Lord Lieutenant, of Privy Council Office, &c.

For the Household of the Lord Lieutenant For the Office of Vice Treasurer and Teller of the Exchequer in Ireland For printing Proclamations and Statutes For Criminal Prosecutions - For Dissenting Ministers For the Dublin Police

From l 1st January 1832

31st March 1833-

For Dunmore Harbour for 1832.

To purchase Commissions, &c. in Battle-axe Guards.

For Compensation to Sir A.B. King for One Year.

Supplies to be applied only for Purposes aforesaid.

Rules to be observed in the Application of the Sum appropriated to Half Pay. This Act not to prevent the receiving Half Pay under any Act relating to the General or Local Militia, the Yeomanry, or Volunteers.

Paymaster General, by Permission of the Treasury, may issue Half Pay to Officers appointed to Civil Offices since July 1828. An

801

A.D. 1832. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. c. 126, 127.

Account of the Number of Officers so receiving Half Pay to be laid before Parliament.

XXIV. Treasury may authorize Military Officers in Civil Employments to receive Half Pay in certain Cases.

XXV. Persons concerned in issuing, paying, and receiving Money for the Payment of Half Pay, without the Oaths having been taken as required by I & 2 W. 4. c, 54., indemnified.

XXVI. Half Pay allowed to the Officers of the Manx Fencibles.

XXVII. Half Pay Allowances to Chaplains of Regiments not being in possession of Ecclesiastical Benefices derived from the Crown.

XXVIII. The Surplus of the Sum appropriated by 1 & 2 W. 4.

c. 54. authorized to be disposed of to maimed or meritorious Officers, or their Widows or Children, as His Majesty shall direct.

XXIX. Widows and Persons claiming Pensions or Allowances to take the required Oath. By whom such Oath is to be administered.

CAP. CXXVII.

An Act for appointing additional Commissioners to put in execution the Acts for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, and continuing the Duties on Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions.

[16th August 1832.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the

Fourth, intituled An Act to appoint Commissioners for carrying 7 & 8 G.4. c. 75.

into execution several Acts granting an Aid to Mis Majesty by a

4 Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, and continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions in England: And whereas another Act was passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled a51 An act9 G.4. c. 38.

Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Land Tax Commissioners, and for appointing additional Commissioners, and indamnifying such Persons as have acted without due Authority in execution of the Acts therein recited: And whereas it is expedient to appoint additional Persons to put in execution the several Acts for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax 4 in Great Britain, and for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions in England Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several and respec- Appointment of tive Persons herein-after named shall and may and are hereby additional Com-empowered and authorized (being duly qualified) to put in exe- ndsskmers. cution the said Acts, and all the Clauses, Powers, Matters, and Things whatsoever therein contained, as Commissioners in and for the several and respective Counties, Shires, Stewartries, and Places of Great Britain herein after severally and respectively mentioned and expressed, as fully and effectually as if they had

cm.

2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1832.

been named with the other Commissioners in the said Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of His late Majesty King George the Fourth; (that is to say,)

[Here follow the Names of the Commissioners for England, Scotland, and Wales.]

Powers of former Acts extended to this Act.

Commissioners empowered to transfer Jurisdictions from one Hundred or Division to another.

II. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Matters, and Things contained in the said recited Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth and in any other Act in force, in relation to any Acts, Matters, and Things to be done by Commissioners of Land Tax, shall extend to this Act and to the Commissioners named therein, and shall be construed therewith, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if the same had been severally and separately repeated and re-enacted in this Act, and made Part hereof.

III. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the Acts relating to the c Land Tax for any County, Shire, or Riding are authorized by the said Acts to alter the Jurisdiction of any Parish, Tything, ' Township, Hamlet, or Place, for the Purposes of the said Act, ' by transferring any One or more thereof from one Division to another of the same County, as Occasion shall require, with a 6 view to the more convenient Execution of the said Acts; and ' it is expedient to remove such Doubts:' Be it enacted and declared, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners, at a General Meeting or Meetings for any County, Riding, or Shire, required and authorized by the said Acts to be held for the Purposes therein mentioned on or before the Thirtieth Day of April in any Year, if and as they shall see fit (subject as herein provided) , to transfer the Jurisdiction of any Parish, Township, Hamlet, Tything, or Place from the Hundred or Division of which the same now forms a Part, together with the Quotas payable by them respectively at the Time of such Transfer, to any adjoining or other Division of the same County; and provided every such Alteration respectively shall be certified in Writing, under the Hands of the Majority of the Commissioners present at such General Meeting, to His Majesty's Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and provided the same shall be approved of by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, to be certified to the Commissioners of the respective Divisions, together with the Quotas to be assessed and levied on the Parishes, Townships, Tythings, Hamlets, or Places transferred, under the Hands of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any Two of them, but not otherwise, then and in that Case such Alteration shall be of binding Force and Effect; and the Commissioners whose respective Districts or Divisions shall be altered, varied, or extended by such Certificate shall have full Jurisdiction and Controul in, over, and throughout the several transferred Parishes, Townships, Tythings, Hamlets, or Places as aforesaid, and shall and may execute all the Powers and Provisions of the Acts relating to the Land Tax, and of the Acts relating to the Duties of Assessed Taxes, in assessing, charging, raising, and

A.D. 1832. 2° & 3° GULIELMI IV. C. 127.

803

enforcing Payment of the said Taxes respectively in and throughout the same; and the Parishes, Townships, Tythings, Hamlets, or Places transferred shall be considered as forming Part of the Division to which they shall be transferred for all the Purposes of the Acts relating to the Land Tax and the Assessed Taxes respectively; any thing in any former Statute contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and all the Alterations herein provided for, which may have been made at any Time previous to the passing of this Act, shall be as binding and effectual, and be acted on in all respects, as if the same had taken place after the passing of this Act, and in pursuance hereof: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to authorize the Alteration of the Limits or Jurisdiction of any of the Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places respectively, in Great Britain, for which separate and distinct Quotas of Land Tax are provided by and enumerated in the Acts now in force relating to the Land Tax.

[Local and private acts moved to separate file.]

