A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C.u

465

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLICK,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

N.B. — The Continuance of suck of the following Acts as arc temporary will be known (where it is not expressly stated) by referring to the following List, according to the corresponding Letter at the End of the Title.

(a) For 21 Years, &c.

[i.e. to the End of the next Session} from

a Day named in the Act.

(b) For 21 Years, &c.from the passing of the Act.

(c) For 21 Years, &c. after the End of the Term under former

Acts.

(d) For 31 Years, &c. c.

[i.e. to the End of the next Smwoti] from a Day named in the Act.

(e) For31 Years, fyc. c.from the passing of the Act.

The following are all Publick Acts; to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following: u And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice " of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded/ '

Cap. i.

An Act for more effectually improving and maintaining the Wellington District of Wailing Street Road in the County of Salop, (e) [19th March 1830.]

[So much of 4-8 G. 3. c.lxv. as relates to the Wellington District repealed, §1. Diversion of Road may be made according to Plan deposited with Clerk of the Peace, § 6> 7« After Diversion made, Part of old Road unnecessary for Purposes of Act to be discontinued, §11. Toll to betaken, on whole of District, upon Waggons, fyc. c. where Nails of Tire project more than One Quarter of an Inch, § 14?. Where there shall be a fractional Part of a Halfpenny in the Amount of Tolls. One Halfpenny to be taken, §15. Toll to be taken for Lime or Limestone to be used as Manure, except between 5th April and 29th September, § 16, 17. No Exemption allowed for Carriages having Nails of Tire projecting more than One Quarter of an Inch, §18. No Toll to he paid on 11 Geo. IV. & 1 Gul. IV. H h repassing

466

C.i — v,

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

repassing on same Day, §19. Two full Tolls only to be taken in One Day for passing and repassing any Number of Times through till the Gates, } 21. No more than the Amount of the Tolls taken on each Road, to be expended thereon, §22. No Money to be laid out in paving, &c. Streets in Towns, J 25.]

Cap. ii.

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act for more effectually improving the Roads to and from the Town of Great Torrington in the County of Devon.

[19th March 1880.]

[Powers of 9 GA. c.xxxv. extended to this Act, §1. Trustees may make the Roads through the Parish of Ringsash, §3. A Deviation of the Road maybe made according to a Plan deposited with the Clerk of the Peace, § 4, 5. Term granted by recited Act to cease after passing of this Act, and both Acts are then to continue for Thirty-one Yearsf and from thence to the End f the then next Session, §10.]

Cap. iii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Market Harborough to Loughborough, send from Filling Gate to the Melton Mowbray Turnpike Road, in the County of Leicester, (d) [19th March 1830.]

11G.S. c. 88. S3G.S. c. 176. and 53 G. 3. c.xxiii. repealed, §1. Three full Tolls only to Be taken between Leicester and Market Harborough on the same Day, nor more than Two full Tolls between Leicester and Loughborough on the same Day, §8. One full Toll only to be taken on same Day on the Wanlip District, §10. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, §11. Tolls not to be laia out in repairing, &c. Streets in Leicester, J 12. No Person to exercise Three Horses at once, having One on each Side of him: Penalty 90s. — § 15- Penalty f 90s. for hanging out Clothes, &c. adjoining the Road, §17.]

Cap. iv.

An Act for repairing certain Turnpike Roads leading to and from Thirsk in the County of York, (d) [19th March 1830.]

[26G.2. c. 75. 18 G. 3.C. 92. S4 G.3. c. 118. and 48 G. 3. c.vii. repealed, §1. Where there shall be a fractional Part of a Halfpenny in the Amount of Tolls, One Halfpenny to be taken in lieu, § 7* Tolls to be taken at Four Gates only for passing or repassing on same Day through all the Gates, f 8, No more Money to be expended on any Road than the Amount of Tolls taken thereon, §13. Streets in Thirsk, Northallerton, or Easingwold, not to be repaired out of the Tolls, §14.]

Cap. v.

An Act for better repairing the Second District of Turnpike Roads leading to and from the Town of Bridport in the County of Dorset, and for making and maintaining several Branch Roads to communicate with the same, (e) [19th March 1830.]

C.v — ix.

£So much of 59 G.3. c.lxxxviii. as relates to the Second District, repealed, §1. One Halfpenny to be taken in lieu of fractional Part of a Halfpenny in Tolls, §9. Additional Tolls to be taken Jor Carriages employed in carrying Timber between the first Day of November and the last Day of February, §10. Toll to be taken but once a Day at same Gate, §11. Two Tolls only to be taken on same Day Jor passing along the whole Line of Second District, §12. Tolls not to be applied Jor repairing Streets in Bridport and Beaminster, § 24*.]

Cap. vi.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Horsham to the Road leading to Guilford at Aldford Cross Ways, with Two Branches therefrom, and for making and maintaining a new Branch of Road to communicate therewith, all in the Counties of &u*exand Surrey. (d) [19th March 1830.]

[49 G. 3. c.xii. repealed, §1. Two full Tolls only to be taken on the same Day on the old Road, and One only on the new Road, § 7* A fresh Toll to be paid on every Third Time of passing, f 8. Tolls taken on each Road to be laid out in the Repair thereof, §10. Tolls not to be laid out in repairing Streets, { 11. New Line to be made according to the Maps or Plans deposited with the Clerks of the Peace, §12.]

Cap. vit.

An Act for repairing and improving the Road from the Nottingham and Mansfield Turnpike Road, through Kirkby and Pinxton, to Carter Lane, and to the Colliery near Pinxton Green, in the Counties of Nottingham and Derby. (d) [19th March 1830.]

£28 G.3. c. 99. (Pr.) and 48 G.S. c.lvii. repealed, §1. Tolls to be paid but once for passing and repassing on same Day, §7. One Halfpenny to be taken in lieu of fractional Part of a Halfpenny, §8. Three full Tolls only to be taken for passing or repassing along the whole Line on same Day, §9. Horses drawing different Carriages to pay each Time of passing, $ IQ. No more Money to be laid out on any Road than tohat is taken thereon, { 14.]

Cap. viii.

An Act for better cleansing, lighting, watching, regulating, and improving the Town of Scuford in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[19th March 1830.]

£32 G.S. c. 69. 5 G.4. c.cxxxiii. and 9 G.4. c.cxvii. so far as they relate to Salford, repealed, and this Act to take effect, §1. Act not to prejudice the Manchester and Salford Waterworks Company, §97. Saving of His Majesty's Rights in the Manor of Satford, j 213.]

Cap. ix.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads to and from Longtown, and certain other Roads communicating therewith, in the County of Cumberland (e) [23d March 1830.]

Hh 2

468 C.ix — xiiL J1* GEO. IV. 1°.GUI,. IV. A.D. 18SQ.

£84 6r.3.'c.l43. and 54 G.3. c.xxii. repealed, $ I. One JuU Toll only to be paid on each Line of Road, { 8. Tolls to be paid but once for passing and repassing through the same Gate on same Day, §9. No Tolls to be taken for Lime or Marl for Manure, §12.]

Cap. x.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Affairs of the joint Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex, and of the separate Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George Bloomsbury in the same County.

[8th April 1830.]

£So much of 3 G.2. c. 19. as relates to the Election of the Lecturer and Parish Officers of the Parish of Bloomsbury, and to the making of Poor Rates, repealed, §1. 14* G. 3. c. 62. repealed,

§ 2. Saving the Rights and Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction of the Bishop of London, §122.]

Cap. xi.

See 7 & 8 6.4. An Act to enable the Commissioners of the Harbour of Ardglassf in the County of Down, to make Contracts for Works, and to bprrow Money for the Improvement of the said Harbour.

[8th April 1830.]

Cap. xii.

An Act for maintaining and governing the Harbour of Axmouth* and Works connected therewith, in the Parish of Axmouth in the County of Devon.

[8th April 1830.]

[Ships, &c. employed in the Service of His Majesty, or the Customs, Excise, Ordnance, or Post Office, exempted from the Payment of Rates and Duties, §21. Saving the Rights of the Lord of the Manor of Axmouth, §54. Act not to affect Corporate Rights, §55. Saving the Rights of Proprietors of Lands adjoining the River Ax, §56.]

Cap. xiii.

An Act to amend and alter Two several Acts, passed in the Sixth and Tenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and constructing certain Wet Docks, Warehouses, and other Works, in the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldgate, and in the Parish or Precinct of Saint Katharine near the Tower of London, in the County of Middlesex, and for enlarging and extending the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts.

[8th April 1830.]

[Powers of6G.4>. c.cv. and 10 G. 4. c.i. extended to this Act, §1. Power to raise a further Sum not exceeding 300,000l. — § 2. So much of 6 (7.4. c.cv. as enacts that if Directors are not appointed at the July General Meeting, another Meeting shall be held in the Week following, repealed, §10. Directors to be elected at the July General Meeting or at any subsequent Special Meeting, not exceeding Twenty-one or fewer than Fifteen, §11. So much of 6 G.4. c. cv. as relates to the Notice to be given when any Docks shall be ready for the Reception of Ships and Goods, repealed, §12. If Goods brought to the Docks

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV; & 1° GUL. IV. C. xv — xviL

shall not be duly entered with the Customs, and the Order for landing lodged with the proper Officer within Seven Days after the Vessel shall have been reported at the Custom House, the Superintendent of the Company may, on the next Day, cause such Goods to be landed and warehoused, §13. This Act not to alter the Provisions of 6 G.4. c. 80. relating to the Removal of Spirits from Scotland or Ireland to England, §14. Justices may proceed by Summons for the Recovery of Penalties, §15.]

Cap. xiv.

An Act for extending and amending the several Acts relating to the Docks and Harbour of Liverpool.

[8th April 1830.]

[SAnne, c.l2. SG.l. c.l. 11 G.2. c. 32. 2 G. 3.C. 86. 25 G. 3. c. 15. S9 G. 3. c.lix. 51 G.3. c.cxliii. 53 G. 3. c. clvi. 59 G. 3. c.xxx. 6 G.4. c.clxxxvii. and 9 G.4. c.lv. (except where altered) extended to this Act, and to be construed as one Act, § I. Power, to raise the further Sum of200,000l. — $ 2. So much of5SG.S. c. clvi. as directs that Vessels not bringing Coast Dispatches shall be charged as coming in Ballast, repeated, §8. Saving of Rights of the Corporation of Liverpool, His Majesty, and all other Persons and Bodies Corporate, except as declared by this Act, §23.]

Cap. xv.

An Act for the better Paving and Sewerage of the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for settling the Boundaries between the said Town and the Township of Kirkdale and Parts of the Townships of Everton and West Derby.

[8th April 1830.]

[Powers of 7 G.4. c.lvii. extended to this Act for Five Years, §91.

Not to prejudice the Powers of the Liverpool Waterworks and t Gaslight Companies, §127. Nor the Liverpool and Manchester. Railway Company, §128. Nor to affect the Powers of the Liverpool Improvement Act, §131. Saving the Rights of His Majesty and others, §133.]

Cap. xvi.

An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and otherwise improving Brunswick Square and Brunswick Terrace, and certain Streets and other public Places upon certain Grounds late Part of a Farm called the Wick Farm, in the Parish of Hove in the County of Sussex.

[8th April 1830.]

[Saving the Rights of Lords of the Manors of Preston, and Hova

, Villa, and Hova Ecclesia, §138.]

Cap. xvii.

An Act for better lighting with Gas the Town of Swansea in the County of Glamorgan.

[8th April 1830.]

[Saving the Rights of Lord of the Borough and Corporation, § 70 .; and of the Commissioners of Paving under 49 G. 3. c.lxxix. — -§ 71. General Saving, §72.]

Hh 3

11° GECX IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.IX 1*30.

Cap. xviiu

An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road from New Chappd in the County of Surrey to Ditcheling Bos? Hills in the County of Sussex, and from thence to the Town of Brighthelmston in the same County; and also for making and maintaining a Branch of Road from the Town of Dkchekng to Clayton in the County of Sussex, (d) [8th April 1830l]

[10 G.S. c. 76. SOG.S. c. 97. and 48 G.3. c.xxix. repealed, §1. Double Tolls to be taken for Carts, fyc. c. laden with Chalky Timber, Boards, Plank> or Scantling\ Gun or other Iron, Mine Ore* Bricks, Tiles, Sandstone or Ditcheling sandy Mould (except for Manure), between the Twentieth of October and the First of April, §6. No Exemption allowed for Chalk, Chalk-marl, Ditcheling sandy Mouldy or Lime for manuring Lands, §7* Only One Toll to be taken on the same Dap for once passing and repassing between New Chappel and Lindfieldf §8. Half Foil only to be taken for once passing and repassing through the Town of Lindfield on same Day, § 9 .; and One Toll be-

. tween Lindfield and the Top of Ditcheling Bost Hills, §10*; and Half Toll only between Ditcheling Bost Hills and Brighton, § 11 .; and One Toll only on the Branch Road, §12. Horses not drawing to pay on the same Day One full Toll between New Chappel and Lindfield, One Half Toll in Lindfield, One full Toll between Lindfield and the Top of Ditcheling Bost Hills, One Half Toll between the Top of Ditcheling Bost Hills and Brighth elmston, and One full Toll upon the Branch Road, § IS. One Toll only to be paid on Stage Coaches, &c. between New Chappel and Lindfield, notwithstanding a Change of Horses* § 14 .; or between Lindfield and Ditcheling Bost Huls, §15. Toll to be paid on repassing, and on every fresh Hiring, §16. No more Money to be laid out on Branch Road than is raised thereony § 20. No more Money to be laid out on old Lint of Road than is raised thereon, §21. Money not to be appropriated for repairing of Streets, §23.]

Cap. xix.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road* from the Town of Malmesbury to Copped Hau Turnpike, Sutton Benger Church, and Dauntsey Gate, in the County of Wilts, (d)

[8th April 183a]

[49 G.3. c.lxxxix. repealed ', §1. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, §7. Two full Tolls only to be taken on same Day for passing and repassing through all the Gates between Malmesbury and Copped Hall Turnpike, and One full Toll only on each of the Branches of Road, §8.]

Cap. xx.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Pickford Brook in the Parish of AUesley in the County of Warwick to Canwell Gate in the County of Stafford, (e)

[8th April 183a]

[Two full Tolls only to be taken for passing or repassing on same Dau through all the Gates; One foil Toll only between Can-well Gate and Coleshill; and One full Toll only between Coles-hill and Pickford Brook, §10. 'Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, §11. No Money to be expended in repairing of Streets, §15. j

Cap. xxi.

An Act for more effectually repairing, amending, widening, and improving the Road from the tVest Cowgate, near Newcastle-upon-Tyne, to the Alemouth Turnpike Road in the County of Northumberland, and for making and maintaining other Roads communicating therewith, (rf) [8th April 1830.]

[37 G.3. c. 163. and 58 G.3* c.xi. repealed, §1. Tolls to be paid but once for poising and repassing on the same Day, §7. No more than Four foil Tolls to be paid at all the Gates, §8. No Money to be expended on any Road except what is collected thereon, §9.]

Cap. xxii.

An Act for repairing the Road from Wakefield to Sheffield in the County of York. (2) [8th April 1830.]

[31 G.2. c. 63. 1 G.3. c.SS. 18 G.3. c. 105. 37 G.3. c. 159. and 53 G.3. c.xlviii. repealed, §1. 7W& to be paid but once a Day

at same Gate, §7. Four full Tolls only to be taken in one Day for passing or repassing through all the Gates on the whole Line of Road, §8. A Half Toll to be paid for repassing with a fresh Load, §9. Horsesy fyc. drawing different Waggons, fyc. c. to pay each Time of passing, §11, Lime9 fyc. for Manure not exempted from Toll if the Wheels of the Waggons, S?c. are of less Breadth than 4J Inches, §14. No Money to be expended in repairing Streets, §16.]

Cap. xxiii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Chorlton Row near Manchester in the County Palatine of Lancaster to the Bridge at the Corn Mills at Wumslow in the County Palatine of Chester. (e) [8th April 1830.]

[58 G.3. c. xii. repealed, j 1. A Hof penny to be taken in lieu of a fractional Part of a Halfpenny in Tout, §8. Milk-carts on Springs drawn by One Horse and not weighing more than 12 Cwt. to pay 4a. only, §9. Tolls to be paid but once for passing and repassing, except for Waggons, passing and repass *

ing with 5 Cwt.y when a fresh ToU is to be paid on repassing; Toll to be taken but at Four Gates in the whole on the same Day, §10. Tolls to be again payable on third Time of passing, §11. Carriages which cannot be weighed to pay double Tom, §15. Reduction of Tolls not to be regulated by Breadth of Wheels, but by their Pressure on a level Surface, §16. No Exemption for Overweight for Waggons, fyc. c. laden with Manure allowed, unless the Tire of the Wheels shall press the Breadth of Six Inches upon a fat Surface, §17. No Money to be laid out in repairing of Streets, §20.]

* 7a

C. xxiv — xxvii. 11° GEO. IV. St 1° GUL. IV, A.D. 1 MOL '

Cap. xxiv.

An Act for repairing the Road from ffW Bridge to the Borough of Dorchester in the County of Dorset. (d) [8th April 1890.]

[9G.8. c. 47. SOG.S. c. 95. am/ SOG.S. c.xxi. repealed, §1. jff Halfpenny to he paid where there is a Fraction of a Halfpenny in Tolls, $ 7- to fo taken at Three Gates only for passing

or repassing any Number of Times on same Day through all the Gates along the whole Line of Road, §8. Horses drawing different Carriages to pay each Time of passing, §9. Trustees not to repair Streets in Dorchester, §13.]

Cap. xxv.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the West End of Gainsburgh Bridge to East Retford and to Gringley-on-the-Hill, in the County of Nottingham, (d)

[8th April 1830.]

[27 G.3. c. 71. and 48 G.3. c, xxv. repealed, §1. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, §7. Three full Tolls only to be taken on same Day for passing or repassing through all the Gates on the Roads, §8. Twopence to be paid for every Dog drawing a Truck, §9. Carriages propelled by Steam or Gas to pay each Time of passing and repassing, §12. Tolls not to be laid out in repairing Streets, §13. No money to be applied in Repair of Branch Road, except what is taken thereon, §14.]

Cap. xxvi.

An Act for maintaining the Road from Catterick Bridge in the County of York, by the Towns of Yarm and Stockton, and through the Town of Sedgefield, to the City of Durham. (d)

[8th April 1830.]

[50G.S. c.vii. repealed, §1. Powers of 5 G.4. c-69. extended to this Act, § S. No Exemption allowed for Carriages having the Nails of the Tire projecting more than One Quarter of an Inch, $ 9- No Toll to be paid on repassing on same Day, except with a different Carriage or fresh Loading, §10. Six full Tolls only to be taken in One Day, for passing and repassing once through all the Gates upon the Road, §11. No Money to be applied in repairing Streets, §18.]

Cap. xxvii.

An Act for more effectually amending, improving, and maintaining the Road leading from Nantgaredig to Brechfd, and from Brechfd to the River Tivy, near Uanllooney Church, and also a Road from Brechfd aforesaid to Llansawel, all in the County of Carmarthen, (e) [8th April 1830.]

[49 G.3. c.lxxxvii. repealed, §1. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, §8. Two full Tolls only to be taken for passing through all the Gates on the Roads on same Day, §9. No more Money to be laid out on the Road from Brechfd to Llansawel than shall be collected thereon, f 11.]

A.D. 180. 11° GEO. IV. & la GUL. IV. C. xxviii — xxxi.

473

Cap. xxviii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving several Roads

in the Counties of Brecon, Radnor, and Glamorgan, and for making and maintaining several new Branches of Road to communicate therewith, (e) [8th April 1830.]

[49 G.S. c.xiv. repealed, §1. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, or any other within Five Miles, §17.]

Cap. xxix.

An Act for more effectually maintaining and repairing several Roads from Carmarthen to Lampeterpontstephen9 so far as relates to the Carmarthen District of Roads, and certain other Roads, in the said County of Carmarthen. (e) [8th April 1830.]

[28 G. 3. c. 109. and 49 G. 3. c. cxlvi. repealed, § 1. Tolls to be paid but once for passing and repassing on same Day, §8. Three full Tolls only to be taken for passing on same Day through the whole Line from Carmarthen to Lampeterpontstepheny and Two full Tolls only from Carmarthen to Llandissil Bridge, §9. Half Toll only to be taken for Lime for Manure, §10.]

Cap. xxx.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Bolton-le-Moors to Blackburne in the County Palatine of Lancaster, with Two Branches of Road therefrom; and for making and maintaining a Branch of Road to or near the Village of Lower Darwen. (rf) [8th April 1830.]

[37 G. 3. c. 173. and 50 G. 3. c. c. repealed from 4th of August 1830, §1. A Halfpenny to be taken in lieu of a fractional Fart of a Halfpenny in Tolls, §10. Persons having paid Toll at any Gate to pass free at the same during the remainder of the Day, §11. Eight full Tolls only to be taken for passing and repassing on same Day through all the Gates across or on the Sides of the Roads; i. e. Fivefull Tolls only on the Road leading from Bolton-le-Moors to Blackburn, One full Toll only on the Branch Road from Mather Fold to Hardmans, and Two full Tolls only on the Branch Road from Heywood Mill in Lower Darwen to Ned Pickups Smithy in Livesey, §12. Stage Coaches, &c. not to pay more than Five full Tolls for once passing on the Bolton and Blackburn Roads, § 13 .; and Onefull Toll only for once passing on the Branch Road from Mather Fold to Hardmans, § 14 .; and Two full Tolls only for once passing on the Branch Road to Livesey, §15. No Toll to be taken on Road between Bolton and Hillsgate tn Sharpies, nor any Money to be expended thereon, §17. No Money to be expended on the Roads to be repaired by this Act, except what is collected thereon, §29.]

Cap. xxxi.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from or near Edenfeld Chapel to Little Bolton, and the Road leading from and out of the said Road at Booth Pits to or

near

near Bury Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for making and maintaining Three several Branches of Road communicating therewith, (d) [8th April 1830.]

[37 G.3. c. 145. and 49 G.3. c.xcvi. repealed, §1. A Halfpenny to be paid in lieu of a fractional Part of a Halfpenny in Tolls, §8. One Third Part only of the Tolls to be paid between Dunsterx and Bury Bridge, § 9* Tolls to be paid but once a Day at the same Gate, §10. Six full Tolls only to be taken for passing and repassing on same Day through all the Gates; (ithat is to say,) Three full Tolls on the Road leading from Edenfield Chapel to Little Bolton, One full Toll on the Road leading from Booth Pitts to Bury Bridge* and Two full Tolls on the remaining Part of the Roads, §11. Stage Coaches, fyc. c. not to pay more than Threefull Tolls for once passing on the Edenfield and Little Bolton Road, $12 .; One full Toll only for once passing on the Road from Booth Pitts to Bury Bridge, § 13 .; and Two full Tolls onlyfor once passing on the Remainder of the Roads, §14. No Toll to be collected on the Road in the District of Tange, or Money expended in the Repair thereof (16. No Money to be laid out on Roads, except what is collated thereon, $ 26*]

Cap. xxxii.

An Act for repairing* amending, and maintaining the Road from Congleton in the County of Chester to a Branch of the Leek Turnpike Road at Thatchmarsh Bottom in the Parish of Hartington in the County of Derby, and from the Lowe to the Havanna Mills in the said County of Chester. (df [8th April 1830.]

[29 G.3. c. 93. and 49 G. 3. cJxxxviii. repealed, §1. Tolls to be paid but once for passing and repassing on same Day, §7. A Halfpenny to be paid in lieu of afactional Part of a Halfpenny in Tolls, §8. Two fill Tolls only to be taken for passing and repassing on same Day through all the Gates along the whole Line of Roads that is to say, One full Toll between Congleton and Smithy Green and Havannah Mills* and One full Toll between Smithy Green and the Termination of the Road at Thatch-marsh Bottom, §9. No Money to be laid out on the Roads except what is taken thereon, §16. Streets in Congleton not to be repaired out of the Tolls, §17.]

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act to continue an Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners acting in execution of an Agreement made between the East India Company and the private Creditors of the late Rajah of Tanjore the better to carry the same into effect [26th April 1830.]

[Powers of5GA. c.cxvii. continued until 1st of August 1833* and fom thence till the End of the then next Session*]

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving several Roads from Radstock to Buckland Dinham, Kilmersdon, Babington, and HaUastrow, and from Norton Down to Norton Saint Philip, in the County of Somerset. (d) [26th April 1830.]

475

A.D. 183a 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV.

[C. xxxiv — xxxviii.

[8 G.3. c. 53. 29G.S. c. 1Q1. and 50 G.3. c. xi. repealed, §1. TWfa to fie oatrf but once a Day a* same Goto, §8. No more than One jail Toll to be taken for Waggons, &c. going empty for and returning laden with Coals only, and One Jull Toll and a Half only to be taken in One Day Jot Hones, SfC. employed for any other Purpose, which shall pass or repass through au the Gates in the First District; nor more than One Jull Toll for passing or repassing through all of the Gates in the Second and Third Districts, $ 9- No Toll to be taken on the First District between Radstock and the Fir Tree Inn at Writhlington* nor between the Cottage now occupied by Ann Smith and the Crossways at Kilmersdon near Nobsbury Water, from any Person having paid Toll on the Second or Third Districts, §10. Carriages propelled by Steam or Gas to pay every Time of passing and repassing, § K No more of the Tolls to be laid out on each District than shall be collected thereon, §17. Penalty of 40*. for exercising Three Horses abreast, or hanging Clothes near the Roads, § 27-3

Cap. xxxv.

An Act for improving and maintaining the Road from Merlins Bridge to Pembroke Ferry in the County of Pembroke, (d)

[26th April 1830.]

[28 G.3. c. 102. and 48 G. 3. c. cxiv. repealed, §1. Powers of 5 G.4. c. 69. extended to this Act, §3. No Exemption from Toils where Nails of Tire project above a Quarter of an Inch, §15. Carriages, &c. not to pay on repassing on same Day except with a fresh Load, §16. No more than Two full Tolls to be taken in One Day Jbr passing and repassing once through all the Gates upon the Road, §17. Tolls not to be laid out in repairing Streets, §23.]

Cap. xxxvi.

An Act for incorporating the Dundee Gas Light Company, and for the better lighting the Town of Dundee by Gas.

[3d May 1830.]

[Saving the Rights of the Magistrates of Dundee, $61 .; and of the Commissioners for Paving, &c. Dundee, §62.]

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Rood from Woatton Bassett in the County of Wilts to the Two Mile Stone in the Turnpike Road leading from Swindon to Marlborough in the said County. (*) [3d May 1830.]

[49 G. 3. c.xc. repealed, §1. Tolls to be paid only once a Day at same Gate, §8. No more than Two Tolls to be taken tn the whole District, §9. Tolls not to be laid out in repairing the Streets, §13. No Exemption from Toll allowed for Overweight Jbr Waggons, &c. laden with Manure, unless the Tires of the Wheels press the Breadth of Six Inches upon a flat Surface, §14.]

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act for maintaining the Road from Haverhill in the County of Suffolk to Redcross in the Parish of Great Shelford in the County of Cambridge. (//) [3d May 1830.]

C. xxxviii — xliL 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

* 76 '

[6G.S. c. 84. 1SG.S. c. 110. and 49 G. 3. c.xxvi. repealed, §1. One Halfpenny to be taken in lieu of a Fraction of a Halfpenny in Tolls, §8. No Exemption from Toll allowed for Waggons, fyc. c. if the Nails of the Tire of the Wheels project more than One Quarter of an Inch, §9. No Toll to be paid on repassing on same Day, §10. No more than Two full Tolls to be taken in One Day for passing and repassing once through all the Gates upon the Road, §11. Penalty of Forty Shillings for hanging out Clothes, &c. near the Road, §16. No Money to be laid out in repairing Streets in Haverhill or Linton, §19.]

Cap. xxxix.

An Act for making a Turnpike Road from the Bridge over the River Bure at Great Yarmouth to Acle (with certain Branches therefrom), all in the County of Norfolk, (rf) [3d May 1830.] {Powers of 5 G. 4. c. 69. extended to this Act, §1. No Exemptions from Tolls allowed in respect of Carriages having the Nails of the Tire projecting more than a Quarter of an Inch, §14. No; Toll to he paid on repassing through the same Gate on same Day, §15. No more than Two full Tolls to be taken in One Day, for passing and repassing once through all the Toll Gates. or Bars upon the Roads, §16.]

Cap. xl.

An Act for endowing a Church in the Township of Everton in the Parish of Walton-on-the-Hill in the County Palatine of Lancaster [29th May 1830.]

[General Saving of Rights, §43.]

Cap. xli.

An Act to raise a Fund for Provisions to Widows of the Members of the Faculty of Advocates of Scotland.

[29th May 1830.]

Cap. xlii.

An Act for extending the Civil and Criminal Jurisdiction of the Magistrates and the Town or Burgh and Dean of Guild Courts of Glasgow over the Lands of Blythswood and adjacent Lands;

and for amending the Acts relating to the Police of the said City.

[29th May 1830.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King c^xxxvii?*3* George the Third, intituled An Act for extending the Royalty of xxxviii. t (Jify of Glasgow over certain adjacent Lands; for paving,

lighting, and cleansing the Streets; for regulating the Police, and appointing Officers and Watchmen; for dividing the City into 4* Wards, and appointing Commissioners; and for raising Funds,

and giving certain Powers to the Magistrates and Council, and Town and Dean of Guild Courts, for the above and other Pur»

poses; And whereas another Act was passed in the Fortyseventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled 47 G.s. scss.2. An Act for amending, rendering mors effectual, and continuing c. xxi*. 4 Parts of an Act of the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of Hu

Gxliv

4, 77

present Majesty, for extending the Royalty of the City Glasgow over certain adjacent Lands, for paving, lightings and cleansing the Streets, and other Purposes in the said Act mentioned: And whereas another Act was passed in the First and Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to continue the Term and amend and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His late Majesty, for paving, lightings and cleansing the Streets, and for regulating the Police of the City of Glasgow: And whereas since the Extension of the Royalty of the said City by the said first-recited Act the said City has been greatly increased and improved; and the Lands and adjacent Places lying immediately to the West of, and surrounded on the North, East, and South 4 by, the ancient and the said extended Royalty, and in particular the Lands of Blythswood and other adjacent Lands, have been feued out or sola and occupied as Building Ground, and Houses to a great Extent, and of great Value have been erected thereon: And whereas it is expedient that the Judicial Powers of the Magistrates and the Police Establishment of the said City should be extended over the said Lands of Blythswood and adjacent Places, so that the said Lands and others may be subject to the same System of Police to which the ancient and formerly extended Royalty are subject, and be under the Powers, 4 Authorities, and Jurisdiction of the Magistrates and Town and Dean of Guild Courts of the said City, as hereinafter mentioned, and should likewise be extended over the adjacent Lands on the East Parts of Easter and Wester Craigs, belonging in Property to the Merchants House of Glasgow But as these several Purposes cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the Judicial Powers or Jurisdiction of the Magistrates and of the Burgh and Dean of Guild Courts of the City of Glasgow shall be extended over and comprehend the Lands particularly after described, lying within the Barony Parish of Glasgow, adjacent to the said City, and within the Boundaries following; videlicet, In the first place, those Lands bounded on the South by the South Side of Argyle Street, Anderston Walk, and the Road leading from Glasgow to Dunbarton, until the latter joins the Clairmont Road; on the East by the present Royalty, or East Side of Saint Enoch's Bum; on the North, partly by the Centre *of Sauchiehall Street or Road, and partly by the North Side of Sandy ford Road, immediately to the West thereof; and on the West by the West Side of the said Clairmont Road; excepting always those Parts of the said Lands comprehended within the Burgh of Anderston: In the second place, those Lands bounded on the South by the Centre of Sauchiehall Street or Road; on the East and North-east partly by the Centre of Saint Enoch's Burn, and partly by the East and North-east Side of the Road leading from Glasgow to Garscube; on the North by the landward Part of Saint George's Parish, as marked out by Royalty Stones, 152 to 159 inclusive; and on the West, partly by the West Side of

1 & 2 G.S. c. xlviii.

Jurisdiction of Magistrates, Sec. extended over the Lands herein described.

cxlii.

II* GEO. IV. ft 1*GUL. IV. A.D. 180.

Extension of Powers of Magistrate, &c. over the Lands of Blythswood, &c.

Rosehall Street, and partly by the West Side of the Road leading from Sauchiehall Street or Road to Woodside: In the third place, those Lands, Parts of Easter and Wester Craigs, belong* mg in Property and Superiority to the Merchants House of Glasgow, and bounded on the North by the Properties of Messieurs Buchanan and Orr and James Dennistoun Esquire; on the East by the Road from Glasgow to Golfhill; on the South by the Lands of John and Robert Tennant Esquires, and their Successors; and on the West by the present Royalty.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Magistrates and Burgh and Dean of Guild Courts of the City of Glasgow, and their Successors in Office, shall, with the Exceptions and under the Conditions hereinafter mentioned, have and enjoy the same Powers, Authorities, and Jurisdiction over the said Grounds as they do now exercise and enjoy over and within the Limits of the ancient and extended present Royalty, by any Law, Statute, Charter, or established Custom.

[Procurator Fiscal and Dean of Guild Court not to interfere in the lining of Houses, unless applied to, or in certain Cases, (3. Powers of Sheriff and other Magistrates of Lanarkshire reserved, §4. Tenure of the Lands not changed, §5. The Lands to remain subject to Land Tax, &c. as heretofore, and not to be liable to Cess or Trades Stent to be levied by the Magistrates and Council of Glasgowt £ 6. Statute Labour Conversion to remain as formerlyf $ 7. Tithes reserved, §8. Lands to remain quoad sacra a Part of the Barony Parish, §9. Poofs Rates of Barony Parish not to be affected, §10. Public and Parish Burdens in the Barony Parish to remain as formerly, §11. Inhabitants not to partu cipate in Property or Common Good belonging to the City, §12. General Saving Clause, §13. Division of the Lands into Wards, §14. There shall be Two Resident Commissioners for each Ward, § 15 .; and One General Commissioner for each Ward, §16. The General Commissioners under former Acts and this Act to constitute a Board, f 17* Provisions of\Sf2 GA. c. xlviii.

to be held applicable to this Act, §18. Inhabitants of Lands to bear Expence of any Lockup House, &c. that may be found necessary, §19. Provisions of former Act relative to Appointment of Master and Superintendent of Police, &c. extended to this Act, §20. Same Person not to be Clerk and Treasurer, §21. Provisions oflSf2 G.4. c. xlviii. relative to lighting of Streets, bfc. extended to this Act, § 22 .; as also the Provisions relative to making and repairing Foot Pavements, §23. Provisions as to causewaying and repairing of Streets, §24. Any Three House* holders, or Procurator Fiscal of the Dean of Guild or Sheriff Courts, may enforce Obligations to causeway and repair, §25. Provisions qflSf2 GA. c. xlviii. to Enumeration of Inhabitants, bfc. extended to this Act, §26. As also those relative to Attendance of Master or Superintendent of Police, &c., § 27* Criminal Cases to be transmitted to the Procurator Fiscal of the County, §28. Provisions of I Sf 2 GA. e.xlviii. with regard to Powers of making Bye Laws extended to this Act, §29. Recited Acts extended to tku Act, except where varied or altered, §30. Saving Jurisdiction to Magistrates and Council and Baillie of the River Clyde, §31. Act to commence from the passing, and

to

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C.xlii — xlvii.

479

to be executed during the Continuance of the \ Sf 2 (7.4. c.xlviii.

-§3*0

Cap. xliii.

An Act for paving, cleansing, draining, lighting, watching, regulating, and improving the Town of Ross, and for disposing of certain Common and Waste Lands and Rights of Common within the Parish of Ross, in the County of Hereford.

[29th May 1380.]

[Sawwg the Powers, fyc. c. of Lord of the Manor of Ross, except those expressly extinguished by this Act, } 107* General Saving, §108.]

Cap. xlfv.

An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, regulating, and improving the Streets. Lanes, and other public Passages and Places within the Borough of Stafford in the County of Stafford.

[29th May 1830.]

[Saving the Rights of the Corporation of Stafford, §147.]

Cap. xlv.

An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving such Parts of Great Dover Street, Trinity Street, Trinity Square, and the Highways, Roads, Streets, Markets, and other public Passages and Places leading out thereof or abutting thereon or adjacent thereto, all within the Parishes of Saint Mary Newington and Saint George the Martyr, Southwark, in the County of Surrey, as do not fall within the Powers and Provisions of any existing Acts of Parliament.

[29th May 1830.]

[6 6.3. c. 24. 44 G.3. c.lxxxvi. 49 G.3. c.clxxxvi. 51 G.3.

c.clxxv. 52 G. 3nC.cx\. and 10 G.4. c.cxiii. recited, § I. Saving the Rights of the Commissioners of Sewers, §126. Saving the Rights of the Phoenix Gas Light and Coke Company, §127. Saving the Rights of the Trustees of Great Dover Street Road, §129. Saving the Rights of the Commissioners of the West Division of Borough Pavements, § ISO.]

Cap. xlvi.

An Act for more effectually cleansing, paving, lighting, watching, regulating, and improving the Township of Little Bolton in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[29th May 1830.]

[32 G.3. c. 71. and 1 G.4. c.lvii. repealed as far as relates to Little Bolton, §1. Saving the Rights of the Lord of the Manor of Little Bolton, §165.]

Cap. xlvii.

An Act to amend several Acts for supplying the Town of Manchester with Gas, and for regulating and improving the same Town.

[29th May 1830.]

[32 G. 3. c. 69. Provisions of 5 G. 4. c. cxxxiii. and 9 G. 4. c. cxvii. extended to this Act, §1. Directors empowered to borrow a further Sum not exceeding 25,000l. — § 2. So much of 5 G. 4. c. cxxxiii. as relates to the paying off Securities repealed, and new Powers granted, } 4. Period for annual Publication of Gas Accounts

480

Cxlvii — iiii. Il° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 18S0.

counts extended to One Calendar Month after Allowance thereof § 5. Provisions of first and third recited Acts to apply to this Act, and the Three Acts to he construed collectively, §6. Repeal of Provisions in first and third recited Acts as to Notices of Meetings of Commissioners, §7. Repeal of first recited Act as to Removal of Steps and other Projections, §45. Repeal of first recited Act as to Servers, Drains, and Vaults, § 57 .; and as to providing Public Offices, § 65 .; and as to Rates, §104. Saving the Rights of the Manchester and Salford Waterworks Company, §109. Repeal of first recited Act as to Appeal, §128.]

Cap. xlviii.

An Act for more effectually improving the Harbour of Southwold in the County of Suffolk.

[29th May 1830.]

[20G.2. c. 14. S0G.2. c. 58. 29 G. 3. c. 77. and 49 G.S. c. lxxvii. repealed, §1. Saving the Rights of the Trinity House, §86.]

Cap. xlix.

An Act for the Improvement and Preservation of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County Palatine of Durham.

[29th May 1830.]

[49 G.S. c. xli. and 59 G. 3. c. cvi. repealed, §1. Saving the Rights of the Trinity House, § 107 .; and of the Bishop of Durham and the Owners of Ferry Boats, §108.]

Cap. 1.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to the Sankey Brook Navigation in the County of Lancaster, and to make a navigable Canal from the said Navigation at Fidlers Ferry to communicate with the River Mersey at Widness Wharf, near Westbank in the Township of Widness in the said County.

[29th May 1880.]

[28 G.2. c. 8. and 2G.S. c. 56. repealed, (1.]

Cap. li.

An Act to enable the United Company of Proprietors of the Ellesmere and Chester Canal to make a Reservoir, and to establish Vessels for the Conveyance of Goods from Ellesmere Port across the River Mersey; and also to amend and enlarge the Powers of the Act relating to the said Canal.

[29th May 1830.] [Powers of 7 8 G.4. c.cii. extended to this Actf § 1.]

Cap. lii.

An Act for draining, flooding, and improving certain low Lands and Grounds within the several Parishes of Othery, Middlezoy, and Weston Zoyland, in the County of Somerset

[29th May 1830.]

Cap. liii.

An Act for improving the Drainage of the Lands lying in the North Level, Part of the Great Level of the rens called

Bedford

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV.

481

C.liii, liv.

Bedford Level, and in Great Portsand in the Manor of Cropland, and for providing a Navigation between Claw* Cross and the Nene Outfall Cut.

[29th May 1830.]

[15C. 2, c. 17. 20 C. 2. c. 8. 27G.2-c. 19. UG.S. c. 78. 13 G.3. c. 60. 36 G. 3. c. 73. 49 G.3. c.cxix. 52 Gf 3. c.cxliii. 7 # 8 G.4. c.lxxxv. and 10GA. c.civ. recited; 27<7.2, c. 19. repealed in part, §1. Also certain Parts of 11 <7.3. c. 78. and 36 <x.3. c-73. — $ 2. Mr 27 <7.2, c. 19. to fte Commissioners for this Act also, §5. Saving of Rights of Bedford Level Corporation, §202. Saving of Bedford Level Corporation from Charge of Works, f 203. Saving of Rights of the Nene Outfall Commissioners, § 204 .; and of the Cross Keys Bridge Company, § 205 .; and of the Duke of Bedford and Thomas Orby Hunter Esq., §206. Saving the Rights of the Burgesses of Wisbech, of Commissioners of Sewers and of Drainage in the Isle of Ely and Counties of Northampton, Cambridge, and Lincoln, and of Lords of Manors, except so far as they are expressly taken away by this Act, §207.]

Cap. liv.

An Act for the more effectual Preservation and Increase of the Breed of Salmon, and for better regulating the Fisheries in tho River Tweed, and the liivers and Streams running into the same, and also within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River.

[29th May 1830.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Eleventh Year of tho Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for regulating and improving the Fisheries in the River Tweed, and the Rivers and Streams running into the same,

and also within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River: And whereas another Act was made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majestys Reign, intituled An Act for regulating and improving the Fisheries in the River Tweed, and the Rivers and Streams running into the same, and also within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River: " And whereas another Act was made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual Two Acts made in the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Regidation and Improvement of the Fisheries in the River Tweed, and the Rivers and Streams running into the same, and also within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River: And whereas another Act was made in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to amend and render more effectual Three Acts, made in the Eleventh, Fifteenth, and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, for the Regulation and Improvement of the Fisheries in the River Tweed: And whereas it has been found by Experience that the said recited Acts have become inadequate to the Purposes intended, and that for several Years past the Salmon have rapidly decreased in the said River Tweed, and there is every reason to apprehend that a progressive Decrease will continue to take place, unless effectual 11 Geo. IV. & 1 Gul. IV. I i 4 Measures

ll G.s. c. 97.

15 G.s. c. 46.

37 G.s. c. 48.

47 G.S. SesB.1. c.xxix. repealed.

482

C.liv.

11° GEO. IV. &. 1° GUL.IV. A.D. 18SO.

Recited Acts repealed.

Periods in which Salmon shall not be taken, &c.

Penalty on fishing for or taking Salmon in the Annual and Weekly Close-time.

Measures be resorted to for the Preservation of the Breed of 1 Salmon, and Fish of the Salmon Kind, in the said River; and it c is therefore expedient that the Periods of the Annual and ' Weekly Close-time should be enlarged, and that the said recited 1 Acts should be repealed, and that instead thereof further and

other Regulations should be made in lieu thereof; But as these Purposes cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the said several recited Acts passed in the Eleventh, Fifteenth, Thirty-seventh, and Forty-seventh Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty shall be and the same are hereby repealed; and that from and after the passing of this Act it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to fish for or take in any way, except by means of angling or rod-fishing, any Salmon, Grilse, Sea Trout, Bull Trout, Whitling, or other Fish of the Salmon Kind, in the said River Tweed, or in any River, Rivulet, Brook, or Stream, or in any Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Mill Dam, Sluice, Pond, or other Pool or Cut which runs into or otherwise communicates with the said River Tweed, or within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed, at any Time or Times between the Fifteenth Day of October in any Year and the Fifteenth Day of February in the Year following, nor by means of angling or rod-fishing at any Time or Times between the First Day of November in any Year and the Fifteenth Day of February in the Year following, nor in any Way or by any Means between Six of the Clock on Saturday Night and Two of the Clock on Monday Morning from the Fifteenth Day of February till the First Day of June, or between Six of the Clock on Saturday Night and Six of the Clock on Monday Morning from the First Day of June till the Fifteenth Day of October in each Year; any Law, Statute, or Practice to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time between the Fifteenth Day of October in any Year and the Fifteenth Day of February then next following, except as to fishing by means of angling or rod-fishing, and as to such fishing if at any Time between the First Day of November in any Year and the Fifteenth Day of February then next following, or if at any Time between Six of the Clock on Saturday Night and Two of the Clock on Monday Morning from the Fifteenth Day of February to the First Day of June, or between Six of the Clock on Saturday Night and Six of the Clock on Monday Morning from the First Day of June to the Fifteenth Day of October, any Person or Persons shall wilfully take, or shall fish for or attempt to take, or aid or assist in taking, fishing for, or attempting to take, in or from the said River Tweed, or any River, Rivulet, Brook, or Stream, or any Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Mill Dam, Sluice, Pond, or other Pool or Cut which runs into or otherwise communicates with the said River Tweedy or within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweedy any Salmon, Grilse, Sea Trout, Bull Trout, Whitling, or other Fish of the Salmon Kind, every such Person shall forfeit and pay any

Sum

A.D. 1830. ll° GEO. IV. & 1°GUL. IV. C.liv.

483

Sum not less than Two Pounds and not exceeding Twenty Pounds for and in respect of each and every such Offence, and shall also forfeit each and every such Fish so taken, and each and every Boat, Net, or Engine so used, or by which any such Fish has been taken or attempted to be taken, and also the further Sum of Ten Shillings for each and every such Fish so taken.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to nor in the Power of the Justice or Justices, or Sheriff or Stewart Depute or Substitute, before whom any Conviction with regard to the Weekly Close-time shall be made, to mitigate the Penalties herein contained in relation thereto to a less Sum than Ten Pounds, unless the Offence shall have been committed within Half an Hour after Six of the Clock on Saturday Night, or within Half an Hour before Two of the Clock on Monday Morning, from the Fifteenth Day of February to the First Day of June, or within Half an Hour after Six of the Clock on Saturday Night, or within Half an Hour before Six of the Clock on Monday Morning, from the First Day of June to the Fifteenth Day of October, in which Case the Penalty may be mitigated as hereinbefore mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall, between the Fifteenth Day of October in any Year and the Fifteenth Day of February then next following, knowingly have in his, her, or their Possession, or carry about, sell, offer, cry, proclaim, or expose to or for Sale, or shall exchange for any Goods, Matter, ' or Thing, any Salmon, Grilse, Sea Trout, Bull Trout, Whitling, or other Fish of the Salmon Kind caught at any Time during the said Period in the said River Tweed, or in any River, Rivulet, Brook, Stream, Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Mill Dam, Sluice, Pond, or other Pool or Cut which runs into or otherwise communicates with the said River Tweed, or within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweedy except such Fish as are taken by means of angling or rod-fishing between the Fifteenth Day of October and the First Day of November in any Year, every such Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not less than One Pound and not exceeding Two Pounds for and in respect of each and every Salmon, Grilse, Sea Trout, Bull Trout, Whitling, or other Fish of the Salmon Kind, so cried, offered for Sale, sold, exchanged, purchased, or found in the Possession, or proved to have been in the Possession, of any such Person or Persons as aforesaid, over and above forfeiting each and every such Fish so sold, purchased, or found, and also over and above forfeiting every Boat, Cart, Basket, or Package in which the same may be found.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Proof that such Salmon, Grilse, Sea Trout, Bull Trout, Whitling, or other Fish of the Salmon Kind was not taken or killed in the said River Tweedy or in any River, Rivulet, Brook, or Stream, or in any Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Mill Dam, Sluice, Pond, or other Pool or Cut which runs into or otherwise communicates with the said River Tweedy or within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweedy between the Fifteenth Day of October or the First Day of November respectively and the Fifteenth Day of February, shall lie upon the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession the same shall be

Penalties not to be diminished to leas than 10/. with regard to Weekly Close.time, but under certain Circumstance*.

No Person to tell or knowingly possets Fish caught jq Close-time,

Persons in Ppt. session of such Fish to prove that the same were not taken in the Tweed,

C. liv.

48 *

To preterit the Destruction of the Spawn or Fry.

Penalty on Trespassers.

Haring Nets in Possession deemed Evidence of Intent to trespass.

11° GEO. IV.& 1°GUL.IV.

A.D. 1830.

found, or who shall cry, expose, offer for Sale, exchange, or purchase the same as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall wilfully kill or take, or aid or assist in killing or taking, by any Means or by any Device, in or from the said River Tweedy or in or from any River, Rivulet, Brook, or Stream, or in any Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Mill Dam, Sluice, Pond, or other Pool or Cut which runs into or otherwise communicates with the said River Tweed, or within the Mouth or Entrance thereof; or sell, purchase, or wilfully have in his, her, or their Possession, any Spawn, Smolts, Fry, or young Brood of Salmon, or of any other Fish of the Salmon Kind; or in any Way

or by any Device wilfully obstruct the Passage of such Smolts, Fry,

or young Brood, or injure or disturb any such Spawn, Smolts, or Fry, or#any Spawning Bed, Bank, or Shallow where the same may be; every such Person shall forfeit and pay a Sum not less than One Pound and not exceeding Ten Pounds for each and every such Offence, and shall also forfeit and pay the further Sum of Two Shillings for each of the Smolts, Fry, or young Brood of the Salmon Kind so taken, killed, or destroyed, or found in his, her, or their Possession, and shall also forfeit all Nets and Engines whereby the same have been killed or taken, together with the Hampers, Creels, or Packages.wherein the same may be found.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall after the Expiration of Two Months from and after the passing of this Act trespass in or upon any Ground adjacent or near to the said River Tweedy or any River, Rivulet, Brook, or Stream, Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Mill Dam, Sluice, Pond, pr other Pool or Cut which runs into or otherwise communicates with the said River Tweedy or in or upon the said Rivers and Waters, or within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweedy with Intent to take or kill Salmon, Grilse, Sea Trout, Bull Trout, Whitling, or other Fish of the Salmon Kind, or the Smolts, Spawn, or Fry of such Salmon or other Fish, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence not less than Ten Shillings and not exceeding Five Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Trespasser or Trespassers shall have in his, her, or their Possession, or in the Possession of any of them (if more than One are together), any Net or Implement whatever whereby or wherewith Salmon, Grilses, Sea Trouts, Bull Trouts, Whitlings, or other Fish of the Salmon Kind, are usually taken or killed, the Possession thereof shall be deemed and taken to be sufficient Evidence of the Intent of such Trespasser or Trespassers to commit such Offence as aforesaid; and in case such Trespasser or Trespassers shall not have in his, her, or their Possession any such Net or Implement as aforesaid, it shall in such Case be lawful to and for the Justice or Justices, Sheriff or Stewart Depute or Substitute, before whom the Complaint shall be heard, to infer, adjudge, and determine the Intent of the Trespasser or Trespassers to commit such Offence as aforesaid according to the Evidence which may be adduced on the hearing of any Complaint that may be made against such Trespasser or Trespassers, and to convict or discharge the Offender or Offenders accordingly.

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C.liv.

-485

IX. And be it further enacted, That for the Purposes of this Act the Limits of the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed shall be deemed to extend and shall extend from a newly-erected Pier, lately and formerly called Queen Elizabeth's Pier, along the Sea Coast on the South Side of the said Pier, Five Miles, and along the Sea Coast on the North Side of the said Pier Four Miles, and shall also extend Five Miles in front of the Mouth of the said River, and of the several Lines of Boundary hereinbefore mentioned, into the Sea, such Distance towards the Sea to be computed by Lines drawn the one from the Northern and the other from the Southern Extremity of the aforesaid Boundaries, at right Angles to a Line drawn between the said Northern and Southern Extremities.

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall beat the Water, or place or set any White Object, or any Bar Net, or other Net or Nets, or other Thing whatsoever, in, over, or across the said River Tweed, or in, over, or across any River, Rivulet, Brook, or Stream, Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Mill Dam, Sluice, Cut, Pond, or other Pool which runs into or otherwise communicates with the said River Tweed, or within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed, so as to prevent, or for the Purpose of preventing, the said Fish from entering the said River Tweed, or from going up and down the said River, or any River, Rivulet, Brook, or Stream, Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Mill Dam, Sluice, Cut, Pond, or other Pool which runs into or otherwise communicates with the said River Tweed, or shall in any other Way or in any other Manner prevent the said Fish from (entering the said River, and going up and down the said Rivers and Waters before described, every Person so offending shall for the First Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not less than Ten Pounds and not exceeding Twenty Pounds, and any Sum not less than Twenty Pounds and not exceeding Forty Pounds for every subsequent Offence: Provided always, and be it further enacted, that nothing herein contained shall be deemed or construed to alter or affect the Modes or Methods for taking and killing Fish in the said Rivers and Waters, other than such as are by this Act specially prohibited.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Occupier of any Fishery in the said River Tweedy or in the Rivers and Streams and other Waters running into or otherwise communicating therewith, or in the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweedy shall and they and each and every of them are hereby required to remove and carry away from their several and respective Fisheries, Fishing Shields, and Fishing Grounds, all Boats, Oars, Nets, Engines, and other Tackle used and employed by them, or any or either of them, in the taking and killing such Fish as aforesaid, excepting Boats, with their Oars, used for angling or rod-fishing, on or before the Seventeenth Day of October in every Year, to some Place or Places to be named by the Commissioners or Overseers by this Act appointed, where the same can be securely lodged and kept, so as to prevent their being used in fishing, and there to remain until the Thirteenth Day of February in the following Year; and each Boat, with its Oars, so retained for the Purpose of angling or ord-tishing, shall be so removed and carried away on or before. Ii o the

Limits of the Mouth of the Tweed.

To prevent beating the Water, and making illegal Obstructions to the Run of Fish.

Boats to be removed in Close-time.

C.liv.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830

Exceptions.

Boats not n. moved may be seised by Bail. iffs, &c. without any Warrant.

(Sheriff's and Justices empowered to grant Warrants lor removing Boats, &c.

the Third Day of November in every Year, and shall be lodged and kept and remain as aforesaid until the said Thirteenth Day of February in the following Year; and in case any such Occupier or Occupiers shall neglect or refuse to remove all and every such Boats, Nets, Oars, and other Tackle as aforesaid, and the same so removed to keep secured from the said Fisheries and Premises during the Time aforesaid, every such Person so refusing or neglecting, on being convicted thereof before any One or more Justice or Justices in England, or Justice or Justices, or Sheriff, or Stewart Depute or Substitute, in Scotland, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not less than Five Pounds and not exceeding Twenty Pounds: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed or held to extend to public Ferry Boats, nor to Boats used by any Proprietor or Occupier of Land adjoining the said Rivers solely for the Transport of himself or herself, or his or her Family; but under the Regulations hereinafter specified in regard to such Boats.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Water Bailiff or Water Bailiffs, or other Person or Persons employed in the Execution of this Act, without any other Authority than this Act, to seize all such Fishing Boats, Oars, Nets, Engines, and other Tackle which shall not have been so removed as aforesaid (but excepting as aforesaid), and to convey and carry the same to some Place of Security, and give Information thereof to any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any Sheriff, or Stewart Depute or Substitute, within whose Jurisdiction the same shall be so seized, and such Justice or Justices, or Sheriff, or Stewart Depute or Substitute respectively, shall and may order all such Boats, Oars, Nets, Engines, and other Tackle to be burnt, cut to Pieces, or otherwise destroyed or disposed of; and it shall and may also be lawful to and for every such Water Bailiff or Water Bailiffs, or other Person or Persons employed and acting under the Authority of this Act, at any Time during the Annual Close-time to enter into or upon any Fishery or Fishing Grounds, and without any Warrant or Warrants to search all and every the Fishing Shields and other Premises belonging thereto, for any Boats, Oars, Nets, Engines, and other Tackle that may be deposited or concealed therein; and in case any such Shield is found to be locked up, and upon Request the Occupier of such Shield shall refuse to open the Door thereof, it shall be lawful for the Water Bailiff or Water Bailiffs, or other Person or Persons aforesaid, to break open the Door of such Shield, and to search for any such Boats, Oars, Nets, Engines, or other Tackle as aforesaid, and if found to dispose of the same in like Manner as last hereinbefore directed, in regard to Boats, Oars, Nets, Engines, and other Tackle, when not removed as hereinbefore directed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such Justice or Justices, or Sheriff, or Stewart Depute or Substitute as aforesaid, upon Application to him or them made in Writing under the Hands of any Two or more of the Proprietors or Occupiers of Fisheries in the said River Tweed, and he and they is and are hereby directed and required, to authorize and direct, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals in England, and under his or their Hand or Hands in

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C.liv. 487

Scotland, any Constable, Peace Officer, or Water Bailiff or Water Bailiffs to be appointed under the Authority of this Act, with such Assistants as may be necessary, to search, between the Seventeenth Day of October and the Third Day of November respectively, as herein-before mentioned, and the Thirteenth Day of February, in every Year, all and every the Fishery and Fisheries, Fishing Shields, and the Lands and Grounds adjoining thereto, and all such Boats, Oars, Nets, Engines, and other Tackle as they shall find contrary to the Regulations herein contained, upon such Search, to remove and carry away at the Expence of the Owner or Owners thereof.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Tenant or Occupier of every established and accustomed Ferry for the Conveyance of Passengers, Horses, and Carriages across the said River Tweed, or across any other River running into or otherwise communicating therewith, shall have the Name or Names of the Proprietor and of the Ferry, and the Number of each Boat, painted upon some conspicuous Part of each and every Boat so used by him, her, or them, in Letters of Two Inches in Length, and shall also keep the same locked up when not actually in use; upon Failure wherein the Occupier or Proprietor of every such Boat shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not less than Five Pounds and not exceeding Ten Pounds; and every such Occupier or Proprietor who shall use, or permit or allow to be used, his, her, or their Boat during Close-time, for the Purpose of fishing for Salmon, Grilse, or other Fish of the Salmon Kind, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence not less than Ten Pounds and not exceeding Thirty Pounds, and the Boat or Boats shall be forfeited in like Manner as Boats used in fishing during Close-time.

XV. And be it further enacted, That each and every Proprietor and Occupier of Fisheries within or of Land adjoining the said Rivers and Waters, who shall use any Boat or Boats for the Purpose of fishing, or for any Purpose, upon any of the said Rivers or Waters, shall have the Name or Names of every such Proprietor or Occupier painted upon their respective Boats, with the Number thereof, in like Manner as is hereinbefore directed with respect to Ferry Boats, and subject to the like Penalties and Regulations as are hereinbefore declared as to Ferry Boats.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Net or other Engine or Device whatsoever adapted for the taking or destroying of Salmon or Fish of the Salmon Kind, the Owners of which shall not be known to the Bailiff discovering the same, shall be left or placed in the said River Tweed, or in any River, Rivulet, Brook, Stream, Pond, Pool, or other Water, Mill Lead, Mill Dam, Sluice, or Cut, which runs into or otherwise communicates with the said River Tweed, or within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River, at any Time during the Annual or Weekly Close-times, with the Intent or for the Purpose of fishing for or taking any Salmon or Fish of the Salmon Kind during the said Close-times (which Intention and Purpose with respect to Nets shall be legally and sufficiently implied from their being left or placed during the said Close-times in the State in which such Nets are ordinarily used in fishing for or taking Salmon or Fish of the Salmon Kind), it shall and may be lawful for any Water Bailiff or Water Bailiffs,

Regulations as to Ferry Boats and Boats of Proprietors and Occupiers of Land.

Regulation of private Boots.

Any Water Bailiff may destroy Nets, &c. used during Close-times.

-488

C.liv.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830

Penalty on re. listing or aiu vaulting Of. fleers.

Penalty on Improper Persons fishing within the Mouth of the River) &c»

Penalty on inn-proper Persons having Nets in (heir Posses, sioq for taking Salmon, &c.

or other Person or Persons employed or acting under the Authority of this Act, to seize, and to burn, cut to Pieces, or otherwise destroy the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall resist or make forcible Opposition to or assault any High or Petty Constable or other Peace Officer, Sheriff's Officer, Water Bailiff, or any Person employed in the due Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not less than Five Pounds.

XVIII. And whereas many idle and disorderly Persons, who are not Owners or Occupiers of any Fishery in the said River ' Tweed, or within the Limits of the Mouth or Entrance thereof, i or otherwise entitled to fish for Salmon, Grilses, Salmon Trouts,

or Whitlings, or other Fish of the Salmon Kind, in the said River, 4 have and keep in their Possession Nets, Engines, and other Tackle adapted for the taking and killing such Fish, and have made a Practice of fishing therewith, not only upon the Fisheries

in the said River Tweedy and the Rivers therewith connected, but also within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River, and by such Means not only take and destroy the said Fish, but drive many of them from the Coast, to the manifest Loss and Injury of the Owners and Occupiers of such Fisheries Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any such Person or Persons as aforesaid shall at any Time or Times take, fish for, or attempt to take, or aid or assist in taking, fishing for, or attempting to take in or from the said River Tweedy or any River, Rivulet, Brook, or Stream, or in any Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Mill Dam, Sluice, Pond, or Cut, which runs into or otherwise communicates with the said River Tweed, or within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed, any Salmon, Grilse, Sea Trout, Bull Trout, Whitling, or other Fish of the Salmon Kind, every such Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not less than Two Pounds and not exceeding Twenty Pounds, for and in respect of each and every such Offence, over and above forfeiting each and every such Fish so taken, and each and every Boat, Net, or Engine so used, or by which any such Fish hath been taken or attempted to be taken, and also the further Sum of Ten Shillings for each and every such fish so taken.

XIX. And be it also enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons within Five Miles of the said River Tweedy or any River, Rivulet, Brook, or Stream which run6 into or otherwise communicates with the said River Tweedy not duly authorized by Licence or Leave in Writing under the Hand or Hands of any Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of any Fishery in any of the said Rivers, to have in his, her, or their Possession, except for the Purpose of manufacturing or selling the same, or repairing the same for some Owner or Occupier of a Fishery in one of the said Rivers, any Net or Engine of the Description of those used for the taking of Salmon, Grilse, Salmon Trout, or Whitling, or other Fish of the Salmon Kind; and the Person or Persons convicted of offending herein shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not less than Ten Pounds and not exceeding Twenty Pounds, and shall besides forfeit all and every the Nets and Engines so found in his, her, or their Possession; and the

Justice

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C.liv,

Justice or Justices, Sheriff, or Stewart Depute or Substitute, before whom such Person or Persons shall be convicted, shall order and direct such Nets or Engines to be burned, cut to Pieces, or otherwise destroyed.

XX. And be it further enacted, That upon Information in Writing, upon Oath, to any Justice or Justices, or Sheriff, or Stewart Depute or Substitute, in Scotland, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace in England, or within the Town and Liberties of the Borough of Berwick-upon-Tweed, that the Informant hath probable Cause to suspect and doth suspect that any Person or Persons residing within the Jurisdiction of the said Justices, Sheriff, or Stewart Depute or Substitute, (not being an Owner or Occupier of any Fishery in the River Tweedy or otherwise entitled to fish in the said River, or in any other River or Water connected therewith,) hath or have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, or have lodged, placed, or concealed, or caused to be lodged, placed, or concealed, any Net or Nets, Engines, or other Tackle adapted for the taking or killing of Salmon, Grilses, or Fish of the Salmon Kind, in any Dwelling House or Outhouse, or in any Boat, Coble, or other Vessel, specifying the same, wherein the said Justice or Justices, Sheriff, or Stewart Depute or Substitute, hath or have Jurisdiction respectively, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice or Justices, Sheriff, or Stewart Depute or Substitute, or any One or more* of them, and he and they are hereby required, to'grant Warrant or Warrants, under his or their Hand or Hands in Scotland, or his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals in England, authorizing and empowering any Constable or Constables, Sheriff's Officer or Officers, or other Peace Officers, or Water Bailiffs, to be appointed under the Authority of this Act, conjunctly and severally, to search in the Day-time the Houses of Persons not duly authorized to use or have in their Possession any of the Nets or Engines herein before mentioned, and the same on Discovery to seize and carry away.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That upon Information in Writing, upon Oath, to any Justice or Justices, or Sheriff, or Stewart Depute or Substitute, in Scotland, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace in England, that the Informant hath probable Cause to suspect and believe, and doth suspect and believe that any Salmon, Grilses, Salmon Trouts, Bull Trouts, or Whit-lings, which have been illegally taken or caught within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed, or contrary to the Provisions of this Act, by any Person or Persons not duly authorized, are concealed in some Dwelling House, Outhouse, Place or Places, (specifying the same,) or in some Cart or other Vehicle then being within the Jurisdiction of the said Justice or Justices, or Sheriff, or Stewart Depute or Substitute, in Scotland or Justice or Justices of the Peace in England respectively, it shall be lawful for the said Justice or Justices, or Sheriff, or Stewart Depute or Substitute, in Scotland, or Justices in England, or any One or more of them, and he and they are hereby required, to authorize and direct, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands in Scotland, or his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals in England, any High or Petty Constable or other Peace Officer, or any Water

489t

Magistrates empowered to issue Search Warrants on Information made against improper Persons having Nets, &c. in their Possession.

Magistrates empowered to issue Search Warrants, upon Information of Fish being illegally taken and concealed.

C.Iiv.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV.

A.D. 1830.

Penalty on destroying Salmon, &c. by meant of Lime, &c.

Penalty on lay* ing Dirt, &c. in the River.

Bailiff or Water Bailiffs, to be appointed under the Authority of this Act, to search in the Day-time every Dwelling House, Outhouse, Place or Places, Cart or other Vehicle wherein they have Information that such Fish as aforesaid are concealed; and if upon such Search any Salmon, Grilse, Salmon Trout, Bull Trout, or Whitling shall be there found, it shall be lawful to and for the said Peace Officer and other Persons authorized as aforesaid, and he and they is and are hereby required to seize the same, and to bring the Body or Bodies of the Person or Persons in whose House, Outhouse, or other Place, or in whose Custody, Cart, or other Vehicle, the same shall be found, before the said Justice or Justices, Sheriff, or Stewart Depute or Substitute, in Scotland, or Justice or Justices of the Peace in England respectively, to answer and account for the same; and the Proof that the Fish so found upon such Search was or were not taken or caught within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed, or contrary to the Provisions of this Act, shall lie upon the Person or Persons in whose Custody, or in whose House, Outhouse, or other Place, Cart, or Vehicle, the same shall be found; and if he or they shall fail to make good the same to the Satisfaction of the said Justice or Justices, Sheriff, or Stewart Depute or Substitute, in Scotland, or Justice or Justices in England, before whom he, she, or they shall be so brought as aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall stand and be convicted of having such Salmon, Grilse, Salmon Trout, Bull Trout, or Whitling in his, her, or their Dwelling House, Outhouse, or other Place or Places, Cart or other Vehicle, knowing the same to have been taken or killed within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed, or contrary to the Provisions of this Act, and shall severally forfeit for every such Offence a Sum not less than Two Pounds and not exceeding Twenty Pounds, and also Ten Shillings for every such Fish so found.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times after the passing of this Act endeavour to take, kill, or destroy, pursue, hurt, or injure, any Salmon, Grilse, Salmon Trout, Bull Trout, or Whitling, or other Fish of the Salmon Kind, in the said River Tweed, or in any River, Rivulet, Brook, Stream, Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Mill Dam, Sluice, Cut, Pond, or other Pool which runs into or otherwise communicates with the said River Tweed, or in the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweedy by laying or using any hot Lime or Filth, Refuse of Gas, or any Material or Drug pernicious to Fish, or by using any Water in which any green Lint or Flax has been steeped, or letting off stagnated Water or any Water impregnated with any Material or Drug pernicious to Fish, every such Person so offending shall for every such First Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not less than Two Pounds and not exceeding Five Pounds, and for every Second and subsequent Offence any Sum not less than Five Pounds and not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall, at any Time or Times after the passing of this Act, lay or place any Coal Cinders or Coal Ashes, Lime, Refuse of Gas Works, or Dirt or Rubbish of any kind, or allow the same to fall into the said River Tweed, at or below High-water Mark,

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C.liv.

491

every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One Pound for every such Offence.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Swing of herein contained shall in anywise prejudice or affect the Right of Rights to Ma-the Owners or Proprietors, Tenants or Occupiers of Fisheries, or P0" *

the Right of any other Person or Persons who now are or at any tfc*"ithin the* Time or Times hereafter shall or may be seised, possessed of, or Mouth or En-entitled to any Manors, Seigniories, or Royalties within the Mouth trance of the or'Entrance of the said River Tweed; but that all and every such River Tweed. Owners and Proprietors, Tenants or Occupiers, and other Person or Persons last mentioned, shall have and enjoy all such Right of fishing within the said Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed as they have hitherto lawfully exercised and enjoyed, or could or might have lawfully enjoyed in case this Act had not been made, so as such Right be used and exercised at such Times and Seasons only, under such Regulations, and subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are herein-before directed concerning the Fisheries in the said River Tweed, and within the Mouth or Entrance thereof; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the por Regula-passing of this Act, all Mill Dams, Dikes, Wears, Caulds, and tion of Mill other permanent Obstructions to the Run of Fish in the said River Dams, &c* Tweed, or in any River or Rivulet, Brook or Stream, running into

the same, shall be so altered and constructed as to permit and allow of the free Run of the Fish over or through them in the main Stream of the River, in the ordinary and mean State of such River or Rivulet, Brook or Stream; and in case the Proprietors or Occupiers of such Mill Dams, Dikes, Wears, Caulds, and other Obstructions shall neglect so to alter and construct the same, it shall and may be lawful to the Commissioners or Overseers hereinafter mentioned, or any Three or more of them, to send a Requisition in Writing to the Proprietors and Occupiers of the same, so as to alter them within Six Days after such Requisition shall be made and served upon the Proprietors and Occupiers of the same, or left for him, her, or them at his, her, or their usual Place of Residence; and in default thereof it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Sheriff, or Stewart Depute or Substitute, within whose Jurisdiction the said Mill Dams,

Dikes, Wears, Caulds, and other Obstructions are situated, or where the Proprietors or Occupiers shall be or reside, upon the Application or Information of any One or more of the Commissioners or Persons hereinafter named, and on due Proof being adduced before any Justice or Justices, Sheriff, or Stewart Depute or Substitute, of the Service of the Requisition, and that Six Days have elapsed since the Service thereof, to order and direct such Alteration to be made under the Inspection and Direction of a proper Person to be named by him or them, and at the Expence of the Proprietor or Occupier of the same, in such Manner as may sufficiently effect the Object intended with the least possible Injury to such Proprietor or Occupier as aforesaid, such Expence to be levied and recovered in the same Manner as is hereinafter directed with respect to the levying and recovering of Penalties and Forfeitures.

C. liv.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

To prevent Nets being placed within Fifty Yards of any Cauld.

No Pout Nets, &c. to be used in Close-time.

No Nets, Leisters, &c. to be used without Licence.

Fish taken in Nets or otherwise, in Open Season, to be restored to the Proprietor or Occupier of Fishings.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to place or set any Net or Nets of any Description whatever nearer than Fifty Yards above or below any Dam, Dike, Wear, or Cauld in the said River Tweed, or in the other Rivers and Streams running into or otherwise communicating with the same, or to affix any Net commonly called a Cairn Net to any Islet or Cairn not connected with or adjoining to the Banks of any of the said Rivers or Streams, nor to build any Cairn in any Part of any such River or Stream which Cairn shall not adjoin the Bank thereof; and any Person found guilty of any such Offence shall forfeit a Sum not less than One Pound and not exceeding Ten Pounds for the First Offence, and not less than Two Pounds and not exceeding Twenty Pounds for every subsequent Offence, besides Forfeiture of any such Net or Nets so placed or set.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall during the Period of the said Annual Close-time fish with any Pout Net, or Net of any other Kind or Description whatever, in the River Tweed, or in any River, Rivulet, Brook, or Stream, Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Mill Dam, Sluice, Pond, or other Pool or Cut which communicates with the said River Tweed, or in the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed, such Person or Persons so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not less than Two Pounds and not exceeding Twenty Pounds, over and above forfeiting such Net or Nets.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons not authorized, and therein particularly named, by Licence or Leave in Writing or printed, and under the Hand of some Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of a Fishery in the said River Tweed, or in some River, Rivulet, Brook, or Stream, Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Mill Dam, Sluice, Cut, Canal, Pond, or Pool running into or otherwise communicating with the said River Tweed, or in the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed, to fish with or use within such Fishery any Net, Leister, Salmon Spear, or similar Engine, or Salmon Tackle of any Description whatever; and every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not less than Ten Shillings and not exceeding Two Pounds, besides forfeiting the Nets, Leisters, or other similar Engines or Tackle so used by him or them; and it shall and may be lawful for any Water Bailiff or Water Bailiffs, or other Person or Persons employed or acting under the Authority of this Act, to seize and detain all such Nets, Leisters, Spears, or similar Engines, or Salmon Tackle, from any Person so fishing with the same, who does not upon Demand show a Licence or leave for using the same in manner before mentioned.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if in the Open Season any Person or Persons, while in the Act of fishing for River or Fresh Water Trout, shall take any Salmon, Grilse, Salmon Trout, Bull Trout, Sea Trout, Whitling, or other Fish of the Salmon Kind, from any of the said Rivers, Streams, or Waters, by any Means whatever, such Person or Persons shall forthwith deliver up the same ro the Proprietor or Occupier of the Fishery where the same were taken, and in default thereof every such Person

C.liv.

493 '

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV.

shall forfeit a Sum not less than Ten Shillings and not exceeding Two Founds for every such Fish 60 taken by him, her, or them.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for every Water Bailiff or other Person whatever, without any Warrant or Authority other than this Act, brevi ntanu to seize and detain any Person who shall be found committing any Offence against this Act, and to convey such Offender, or cause him to be* conveyed by some Constable or other Peace Officer, in case the Offence is committed in England, before any Justice of the Peace-for the County or Borough in or near the Place in which the Offence shall be committed, who shall forthwith proceed against such Offender according to Law, and according to the Provisions in this Act contained; and in case the Offence is committed in Scotland, the Offender or Offenders shall be conveyed by the Person or Persons apprehending him or them, before the Sheriff, or Stewart Depute or Substitute, or some Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County or Shire in or near the Place in which* the Offence shall be committed, or where the Offender or Offenders shall reside or shall be found, who shall forthwith examine and discharge, or commit such Person or Persons until Caution dejudicio sisti be found, as the Case may require.

XXXI. And for executing the Purposes of this Act, be it further enacted, That all and every the Proprietors of Salmon Fishings in the said River Tweed, or in any River, Rivulet, Brook, or Stream, Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Mill Dam, Sluice, Pond, or other Pool or Cut running into or otherwise communicating with the same, or in the Mouth or Entrance of the said River, of the annual Value of Thirty Pounds, or which extend Half a Mile in Length, where such Fishings are only on one Side of the Water, or a Quarter of a Mile where such Fishings comprehend both Sides of the Water, One Guardian of each Minor, One Trustee of every such Estate, One Member of each Corporation or associated Body holding, enjoying, or possessing such Salmon Fishings of the annual Value or Extent aforesaid, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners and Overseers for the Purposes before and hereinafter mentioned; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral .Church ot' Durham, the Mayor and Corporation of the Town of Berwick, and the Trustees under the Will of Nathaniel late Lord Crewe, each to nominate and appoint, by an. Instrument in Writing under their Seal or Seals, Hand or Hands, from time to time, One Person to be a Commissioner and Overseer as aforesaid, to represent each of them; which Person so nominated and appointed shall have the like Powers to vote and act as the Commissioners and Overseers herein-before appointed; such Nomination and Appointment to be from time to time revocable at the Option of the Party by or on whose Account the said Commissioners and Overseers shall be respectively appointed.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for each and every Person hereby appointed a Commissioner and Overseer for putting this Act in execution, to nominate and appoint by any Instrument in Writing under his Hand, from time to time, One other Commissioner to be Proxy for and to represent and act in all or any Meetings of the said '

Corn-

Water Bailiff *, &c. may seise and detain Offenders.

Commissioners and Overseers appointed.

Power to Commissioners to name Representatives.

494

C. liv.

11 GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 180.

Penalty on Commissioners acting, if not qualified.

Commissioners and Overseers shall not act while bolding Places of Profit.

First and subsequent Meetings.

Power-to call Meetings.

Commissioners and Overseers, as the Representative or Proxy of the Person by whom he is so nominated and appointed; Which Commissioner so nominated and appointed shall be entitled, in the Absence of each such Commissioner for whom he may be so appointed Proxy, to vote at all such Meetings for each Commissioner by whom he is so appointed as well as for himself: Provided always, that in no Case shall the Person nominated, and the Commissioner by whom he is so appointed, be entitled to vote at the same Meeting for and in respect of the same Fishing.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That if any Person not qualified as aforesaid shall nevertheless presume to act as a Commissioner and Overseer under the Authority of this Act, or to nominate and appoint any Person to act for him, such Person or Persons so acting or nominating shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every such Offence, to any Person who shall sue for the same in His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or any Court competent in Scotland, and the Proof of Qualification shall lie upon the Defendant or Defender.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That if any Person entitled to be a Commissioner and Overseer for putting this Act in execution shall accept of any Pla'ce of Profit arising out of the Rate of Assessment hereinafter granted, such Person shall from thenceforth, and while he continues to hold and enjoy such Place of Profit, be disabled to act as a Commissioner and Overseer; and further that it shall not be lawful for any Person holding such Place of Profit to represent and vote for any Commissioner and Overseer at any Meeting for putting this Act in execution; and if any Person shall offend in the Premises, he shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners and Overseers shall hold their First Meeting for the Purposes of this Act on the Third Monday after the passing of this Act at Corn-hill, and their next Meeting at Comhill on the First Day of August thereafter; and thereafter shall hold One General Meeting in every Year at Comhill upon the First Day of August, except when the First Day of August shall happen on a Sunday, in which Case the Annual General Meeting for that Year shall be held on the Second Day of August; with Power tq the said Commissioners and Overseers at their stated and other General Meetings to adjourn to such other Time and Place as they shall think convenient.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Three Commissioners and Overseers from time to time to call Special General Meetings of the said Commissioners and Overseers by a Notice of the Place and Date of Meeting, subscribed by them, or by the Clerk to the said Commissioners and Overseers on their Requisition to him, inserted at least Twice in some One Newspaper published in the County of Roxburgh or in Berwick-upon-Tweed, and if no Newspaper shall be there published, then in Two Newspapers, the one published in Edinburgh, and the other in Newcastle-upon-Tyne, at least Ten Days before such Meeting shall be held, and which Advertisement shall specify the Purposes of such Meeting; and it shall not be lawful at any such Meeting to enter upon any other Business than what shall be specified in the said Requisition and Advertisement.

C.liv.

495

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Quorum or Number of Commissioners and Overseers necessary to do Business in General Stated or Special Meetings shall be Five, and if less than Five shall be present, the Commissioners and Overseers, or Commissioner and Overseer, so present, shall have Power to adjourn the Meeting, and in that case Notice shall be given of the Day, Place, and Purpose of such Adjourned Meeting, by Advertisement in any Two such Newspapers published as aforesaid, at least Ten Days before such Adjourned Meeting; and at every such Meeting the Commissioners and Overseers present shall elect a Chairman to preside for that Meeting only; and the said Chairman shall have no Vote, except in Cases where the other Commissioners and Overseers present shall be equally divided, in which Cases he shall have a casting or deciding Vote: Provided always, that it shall not be in the Power of any Adjourned or Special Meeting to alter or rescind any Act done, or Resolution made, by any Annual General Meeting; and at all Meetings whatsoever the Commissioners and Overseers shall defray their own Expences.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and Overseers, at their stated and other General Meetings, from time to time to nominate and appoint Treasurers and Clerks, and such other Officers as they shall think proper, with reasonable Salaries; and the said Commissioners and Overseers shall take sufficient Security from every such Treasurer and other Officer having the Care or Custody of any Money to be raised or received by virtue of this Act, for the due Execution of his Office, as the said Commissioners and Overseers shall think proper; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and Overseers from time to time to remove and again to replace any such Treasurers,. Clerks, and other Officers, or any of them; and such Clerk or Clerks shall attend the stated and other General Meetings of the said Commissioners and Overseers, and shall, in a proper Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, enter and keep a true and perfect Account of all the Money to be received by virtue of this Act, and of the Application of the same, and of all the Acts, Proceedings, and Transactions of the said Commissioners and Overseers, by virtue of and under the Authority of this Act; and every Commissioner and Overseer shall and may at all convenient Times have recourse to and peruse and inspect the same gratist>and may demand and have Copies thereof, or any Part thereof, paying Sixpence for every One hundred Words so to be copied; and if any such Clerk or Clerks shall refuse to permit any of the said Commissioners and Overseers to inspect or peruse any such Books, at all convenient Times and Seasons, or refuse to make any such Copy or Copies in a reasonable Time, at the Rate aforesaid, he or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for the Benefit of the said Commissioners and Overseers; and whenever such Treasurer or Clerk shall die, or be removed from or quit the Service of the said Commissioners and Overseers, it shall be lawful for any Five of the said Commissioners and Overseers to appoint some other fit and proper Person or Persons to be Treasurer or Clerk in the Place of him or them so dying,

being

Regulations as to Special Meetings.

Commissioners and Overseers may appoint and remove Officers.

C. liv.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Same Person not to be Clerk and Treasurer.

Commissioners and Overseers may sue and be sued in Name of their Clerk.

being removed, or quitting the said Service, until the then next General Meeting of the said Commissioners and Overseers, when such Appointments shall be confirmed, or another Treasurer or Clerk shall be nominated and appointed in his or their Stead.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners and Overseers to appoint the Person or Persons who may be appointed their Clerk or Clerks irf the Execution of this Act, or the Partner or Partners of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks or of his or their Partner or Partners, the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Purposes of this Act, or to appoint any Person or Persons who may be appointed Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Partner or Partners of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, or of his or their Partner or Partners, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners and Overseers; and if any Person shall accept both the Offices of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person or Persons, being the Partner or Partners of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks or of his or their Partner or Partners, shall accept the Office of Treasurer, or shall act as Deputy of such Treasurer or Treasurers, or in any Manner officiate for such Treasurer or Treasurers, or being the Partner or Partners of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Treasurer or Treasurers or of his or their Partner or Partners, shall accept the Office of Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or shall act as Deputy of such Clerk, or in any Manner officiate for such Clerk, or if any such Treasurer or Treasurers shall hold or accept any Place or Office of Trust or Profit under the said Commissioners and Overseers other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in the same Way in which any of the Penalties by this Act imposed may be sued for and recovered.

XL. And be it further enacted and declared, That the said Commissioners and Overseers may sue or be sued, for any Matter or Thing to be done in the Execution of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk for the Time being, or in the Name of any One of the said Commissioners and Overseers; and that no Action or Suit wherein the said Commissioners and Overseers shall be concerned as Plaintiffs or Pursuers, or Defendants or Defenders, in the Name of their Clerk, or in the Name of any One of the said Commissioners and Overseers, by virtue of this Act, shall abate by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk or Commissioner and Overseer, but that the Clerk to the said Commissioners and Overseers for the Time being, or any One of the said Commissioners and Overseers to be for that Purpose nominated, if Plaintiff or Pursuer, or who may be sued if Defendant or Defender, shall be deemed to be the Plaintiff or Pursuer, or Defendant or Defender, (as the Case may be,) in every such Action or Suit.

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C.liv.

497

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner* patriot Meet-and Overseers, and their said Representatives, at their First or at ° r

any of the stated General Meetings assembled, or at any Adjourned Meeting advertised as aforesaid for that special Purpose, may appoint different Districts for the better conducting and managing the several Purposes of this Act, and the Times and Places of Meetings of Commissioners and Overseers for each District; and at such District Meetings the Commissioners and Overseers, or their said Representatives, shall have Power to name a Chairman,

Clerks, and other Officers, with suitable Salaries, and to take such Securities from those appointed to Offices of Trust, for the due Execution of their Offices, as they shall think proper; and in District Meetings Three shall be a Quorum, but any One or more attending shall have Power to adjourn; and a particular Report from each District, and a Copy of the Books of the Proceedings kept within the same, shall be made to the General Annual Meeting in every Year; and in case of Failure or Neglect, the Clerk t6 the District shall forfeit and pay any Sum not less than Ten Pounds and not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks, Collectors, F<J^!fJlC, erks and Water Bailiffs, or other Officers, save and except the Treasurer, who have been appointed and employed in the Execution replaced, of the said recited Acts hereby repealed, shall respectively continue to exercise their several Offices under this Act until they shall respectively be displaced or removed by the said Commissioners and Overseers, or be incapable of executing their Offices, and shall be subject to the like Rules and Regulations in all respects whatsoever as if they had been appointed under and by virtue of this Act.

XLIII. And be it farther enacted, That the said Commissioners Water Bailiffii and Overseers, and their said Representatives, in any General or 10 h appointed. Adjourned Meeting assembled, snail and may nominate and appoint such a Number of Conservators or Water Bailiffs, for the Protection of the Fisheries and Detection of Offenders, as to them shall appear expedient, or to authorize their District Meetings, or any Two or more Commissioner or Commissioners, to nominate and appoint such Conservators or Water Bailiffs, for such Periods and at such Salaries, and on such Terms and Conditions, 9s shall appear to be expedient; and it shall be in the Power of any General or District Meeting of Commissioners and Overseers, or their said Representatives, to remove such Conservators or Water Bailiffs, or any of them, and appoint others in their Room, and to make such Alterations in regard to their Salaries as to them shall appear proper; and further, that it shall be lawful for any Two Commissioners and Overseers to supply and fill up any Vacancy or Vacancies that may occur by the Death, Resignation, or Dismissal of any One or more Conservators or Water Bailiffs, till the next stated General, Adjourned, or Special Meeting be held; and before any Conservator or Water Bailiffs shall be entitled to act under the Authority of this Act, he shall take the Oath following, before any competent Magistrate; videlicet,

I A.B. do solemnly swear, That I will duly and faithfully Oath of Water c 9 execute the Office of a Water Bailiff, in Terms of an Act Bailiff.

11 Geo. IV. & 1 Gul. IV. K k passed

498

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 180.

Powers of Water Bailiff*,

Justices, though interested in Fisheries, may act.

Owners or Occupiers, &c. not incompetent Witnesses,

Bate of Assessment to be imposed.

C.liv.

passed in the Year of the Reign of King George the

Fourth, intituled [here take in the Title of this Act-']

So help me GOD.

And if any Person shall presume to act as a Water Bailiff under the Authority of this Act, without previously taking the Oath hereinbefore appointed, he shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not less than Ten Pounds and not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the Water Bailiffs appointed as aforesaid shall, after being sworn into Office, be empowered to exercise the Powers and Authorities of Constables in regard to all Matters connected with this present Act, in the same Manner as if Offences against this Act were Breaches of the Peace, and, specially for the Purpose of preventing Offences or detecting and apprehending Offenders, to enter upon any inclosed or uninclosea Grounds adjoining the said River Tweed, or any River, Rivulet, Brook, or Stream, or any Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Mill Dam, Sluice, Pond, or Cut running into or otherwise communicating with the said River Tweed, and at all Times, with their Boats or otherwise, to enter upon all and every the Fisheries in the said River Tweedy or within the Mouth or Entrance thereof, and the Rivers and Streams running into the same or communicating therewith; and also to enter upon all Brooks, Mill Pools, Mill Leads, Mill Dams, Sluices, or Ponds, other Pools or Cuts which run into or otherwise communicate with the said River Tweedy for the Purpose of preventing and detecting unlawful Fishings or Obstructions in the said Rivers, Streams, and Waters, and to moor, anchor, or otherwise fix their Boats at such Places as they shall find convenient; provided that by such mooring, anchoring, or fixing their Boats they do not obstruct or impede any legal Mode of fishing.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all Justices of the Peace and other Magistrates shall and may act in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding such Justice or Magistrate shall be interested in any Salmon Fishing, except in any Case where such Justice or Magistrate, or the Lessee or Occupier of any Salmon Fishing in which such Justice or Magistrate is interested, is a Party to the Prosecution or Case to be heard and determined by such Justice or Magistrate; and also that every Owner, Occupier of, or any Person otherwise interested in any Salmon Fishery, and also every Water Bailiff, shall be and is hereby declared to be a competent Witness to prove any Offence committed against this Act, unless he be a Party in the Prosecution.

XLVI. And for defraying the Expences to be incurred in carrying this Act into effect, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners and Overseers, or their Representatives, in General, Stated, or Adjourned Meetings assembled, to be held under the Authority of this Act, to ascertain and impose a Rate or Assessment to be paid by the whole Proprietors of Salmon Fishings in the said River Tweedy or in any River or Stream running into or communicating with the same, and in the Mouth or Entrance of the said River, not exceeding Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum to be paid for the first Year, and

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C.liv,

499

annually thereafter, in proportion to the Kents or yearly Value of their several Salmon Fisheries, and the same shall thereafter be paid, either yearly or half-yearly, as the said Commissioners and Overseers may from time to time direct and appoint, by the several Tenants or Occupiers of the said several Salmon Fisheries, for and on behalf of the respective Owners or Proprietors, of the same, and for which Payments such Tenants or Occupiers shall be entitled to Relief from the respective Owners or Proprietors at settling or paying their usual Rents; and failing any of the said Rates or Assessments being paid to the Collector or Collectors by any One or more of the said Tenants or Occupiers, when required, the same shall, on Demand, be paid by the Owner or Proprietor or Owners or Proprietors of the Salmon Fisheries so possessed by such Defaulter or Defaulters; and the Rate or Assessment made at such Meeting shall be binding upon and enforced against every such Owner or Owners of a Salmon Fishery, and the said Tenants or Occupiers; and for Recovery of the said Rates or Assessments it shall and may be lawful to and for any Sheriff, or Stewart Depute or Substitute, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace, within whose Jurisdiction the Defaulter's Goods or Effects may be found, to grant Warrant for poinding or distraining the same, and to appraise them on the Spot where found, and afterwards to sell the same by Auction, for Payment of the said Rate or Assessment, together with the full Charges of such Poinding, Distress, Appraisement, and Sale, and the Surplus (if any) shall be paid, when demanded, to the Persons whose Effects shall have been so distrained and sold; which Warrants shall be granted by such Sheriff, or Stewart Depute or Substitute, or Justice or Justices, upon an Application made to him or them, and an Attestation on Oath signed by such Collector or Collectors, certifying that the Person or Persons complained of was or were deficient in Payment of the Rate or Assessment above mentioned, and expressing therein the Arrears due by such Person or Persons; or the said Commissioners or Overseers, or any Two of them, shall and may prosecute any Action or Actions at Law for the said Rates or Assessments or Arrears thereof.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the Expences of ad- Expend* of vertising for, preparing, procuring, and passing this Act, and the Act, and Debts, Debts and Sums of Money already due and Obligations contracted " by or under Authority of the Commissioners or Overseers appointed by the said recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, shall be defrayed and discharged out of such Rates or Assessments, and the same shall afterwards be ap- Further Appli-plied in defraying the Salaries to Clerks, Collectors, Officers, and cation of the Water Bailiffs, and the other Expences to be incurred under this Money.

Act.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Offences whatso- Mode of Re-ever which by virtue or under the Authority of this Act are or covery and Ap-shall be subject to or punishable with any pecuniary or other pl»cati°n of Penalties or Forfeitures, shall and may in every Case be heard, m

adjudged, and determined, in England, by or before any of the °g

Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Magistrate or Magistrates, for the County, Division, or Place wherein such Penalty or Forfeiture shall have been incurred, or where the Offender or Offenders shall

500

C.liv.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

reside or shall be found, in a summary Way, upon Information or Complaint made and exhibited before him or them; and upon any such Information or Complaint as aforesaid, the said Justice or Justices, or Magistrate or Magistrates, shall summon the Party accused, and examine into the Matter thereof; and if upon the Confession of the Party or Parties accused, or on the Oath of any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath the said Justice or Justices, or Magistrate or Magistrates, is and are hereby empowered and required to administer,) the Party or Parties accused shall have been convicted of having committed such Offence or Offences, then and in every such Case the Penalty or Penalties, Forfeiture or Forfeitures, hereby made payable in respect of such Offence or Offences, together with the Costs of Conviction, to be ascertained by such Justice or Justices, or Magistrate or Magistrates, shall be forthwith paid by the Party or Parties so convicted as aforesaid; and in case such Party or Parties so convicted shall refuse or neglect to pay the same forthwith, then the same shall and may, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any such Justice or Justices, or Magistrate or Magistrates, (which he and they is and are hereby authorized and empowered to grant,) be levied and recovered, together with the Costs of Conviction and Recovery, to be ascertained as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Effects of such Offender or Offenders, wherever such Goods and Effects can be found, rendering the Overplus of the Money arising by such Sale, if any, after deducting the reasonable Charges of taking, keeping, and selling such Goods and Effects, to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Effects shall be so distrained; and one Half of such Penalty shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to the said Commissioners and Overseers appointed by or in virtue of this Act, or to such Person or Persons as shall by them be in that Behalf authorized to receive the same, and shall go and be applied and disposed of for and towards the same Purposes as the said Assessments herein-before authorized to be levied are applicable; and the Overplus of the Money levied remaining (if any there be) after any Penalty or Penalties, and all Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the levying and recovering thereof, are deducted, (which Costs and Charges shall always be taxed, settled, and ascertained by and before the Justice or Justices, Magistrate or Magistrates, by or before whom any such Offender shall be convicted,) shall, on Demand, be returned to the Owner or Owners of the Goods and Effects so distrained; and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices, or Magistrate or Magistrates, to order the Offender or Offenders so convicted to be detained in safe Custody until Return can be conveniently made to such Warrant or Warrants of Distress, unless the said Offender or Offenders shall give sufficient Security, to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, or Magistrate or Magistrates, for his or their Appearance before the said Justice or Justices, or Magistrate or Magistrates, on such Day or Days as shall be appointed for the Return of such Warrant or Warrants of Distress, such Day or Days not being more than Seven Days from the Time of taking any such Security, and which Security the said Justice or Justices, or Magistrate or Magistrates, is and are hereby empowered to take by Way of Recognizance

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL.IV4

C.liv.

501.

nizance or otherwise; but if upon the Return of any such Warrant it shall appear that no sufficient Distress can be had whereupon to levy the said Penalty or Penal ties. Forfeiture or Forfeitures, and such Costs as aforesaid, and the same shall not be forthwith paid, or in case it shall appear to such Justice or Justices, or Magistrate or Magistrates, either by the Confession of the Offender or Offenders or otherwise, that the Offender or Offenders hath or have not sufficient Goods and Effects whereon such Penalties or Forfeitures and Costs may be levied were a Warrant of Distress issued, such Justice or Justices, or Magistrate or Magistrates, shall not be required to issue a Warrant of Distress, and thereupon it shall be lawful for such Justice -or Justices, or Magistrate or Magistrates, and he and they is and are hereby required and empowered, for the First Offence against this Act, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Division, or Place respectively within the Jurisdiction of which the Place may be situated where the Offence was committed, or where the Offender may be or reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months nor less than One Month; for the Second Offence, any Time not exceeding Four Months nor less than Two Months; and for the Third and every subsequent Offence, for any Time not exceeding Six Months nor less than Three Months, or until such Offender or Offenders shall have paid such Penalty or Penalties, Forfeiture or Forfeitures, and all Costs and Charges attending such Proceedings as aforesaid, to be ascertained by such Justice or Justices, or Magistrate or Magistrates, or shall otherwise be discharged by due Course of Law.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Justice or Justices, Magistrate or Magistrates, before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, within that Part of Great Britain called England, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or any Form of Words to the same Effect; (that is to say,)

DE it remembered, That on [the Time of Conviction] at [Plqce of Conviction] [Name of Offender] was duly convicted before

me [Name and Style of convicting Justice or Justices, Magistrate

or Magistrates'], for that the said [Name of Offender] on [Time of committing Offence] did [here state the Offence against the Act 4 according to the Act], contrary to the Form of the Statute made in the Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George

the Fourth, intituled [here set forth the Title of this Act]; and I do

hereby adjudge the said [Name of the Offender] to pay and forfeit for the said Offence the Sum of [Fine'] and also the Sum of for Costs, to be distributed as by the said Act is

directed. Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year first above written.

L. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Magistrate or Magistrates, in England, or by any Act or Judgment of the said Commissioners and Overseers, or other Person or

Form of Conviction.

Appeal in England.

502

C.liv.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. lisol

Persons, done or given, or suffered to be done or given, in pursuance of this Act, or by any Rate or Assessment made in pursuance thereof, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace of the County, Division, or Place where such Act shall have been done, or such Judgment shall have been given, or where such Rate or Assessment shall be leviable, at the next or next but One General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, but that no such Appeal shall be received, heard, or determined unless the Appellant or Appellants shall, within Four Days next after such Act or Judgment shall have been given, or such Rate or Assessment demanded, and Fourteen Days at least before the holding of such Sessions, give or leave Notice in Writing, in case of Conviction, as well at the Public Office of the Clerk of the Peace for such County, Division, or Place where such Person or Persons shall be convicted, as to the Informer or Prosecutor, or at the Dwelling House of the Informer or Prosecutor, of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and shall also enter into a Recognizance or Bail Bond before such Justice or Justices, Magistrate or Magistrates, with Two sufficient Sureties, in such Sum as any such Justice or Justices, Magistrate or Magistrates, shall think fit, conditioned to try such Appeal, and likewise to pay the Penalty, and also the Costs of such Appeal, in case Judgment and Sentence shall upon the hearing thereof be given against such Appellant or Appellants, within Fourteen Days next after the Determination thereof; and shall also, in all Cases of Appeal against any Act or Judgment of any of the said Commissioners and Overseers, or other Person or Persons, or against any Rate or Assessment, give or leave similar Notices at the Public Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Division, or Place in which such Appeal shall lie, and also to the Person or Persons appealed against, and shall enter into similar Recognizance or Bail Bond, conditioned to try such Appeal, as likewise to pay all Penalties, Sum, and Costs of such Appeal, in case Judgment or Sentence shall upon the hearing thereof be given against such Appellant or Appellants; and the said Justices at their said Sessions shall and may, upon due Proof of such Notice given as aforesaid, hear and determine every such Appeal in a summary Way, and shall award and order to the Party in whose Behalf such Appeal shall be determined such Costs and Charges as they in their Discretion shall think reasonable and just, to be paid by the Party or Parties against whom such Appeal shall be determined; and in case such Costs and Charges, together with the Penalty, shall not be paid within the Space of Fourteen Days next after the hearing and determining of such Appeal, the same may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Effects of the Person or Persons adjudged to pay the same, or his or their Surety or Sureties; and in case any Person or Persons adjudged to pay such Penalty and Costs shall happen to go into or remove hi6 Goods or Effects into any County, Division, or Place out of the Jurisdiction of the said Court where such Appeal shall be brought or heard, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace of or for the County, Division, or Place wherein such Person shall be or inhabit, or any of his Goods or Effects shall be found, upon Application made to him or them for that Purpose, and upon a true Copy of the Order for the Payment of such Penalties,

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C.liv.i

503

Costs, and Charges being produced, and proved by some credible Witness upon Oath, which Oath any such Justice or Justices of the Peace is and are hereby empowered and authorized to administer, to grant his or their Warrant in due Form of Law, in order to cause the Money mentioned in such Judgment to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Effects of the Person or Persons who is, are, or shall be adjudged and ought to pay the same; yet nevertheless to return the Overplus (if any) to the Person or Persons entitled thereto; and the Determination of such Justice or Justices at such Quarter Sessions shall not be subject to any Challenge or Review, but shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and no Proceeding to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or other Matter or Thing to be done or transacted, in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari or any other Writ or Process whatsoever.

LI. And be it further enacted, That all Offences whatsoever Recovery and which by virtue or under the Authority of this Act are or shall Application of be subject to or be punishable with any pecuniary or other Penal- in

ties or Forfeitures, shall and may in every Case be heard, adjudged, and determined, in Scotland, by or before the Sheriff, or Stewart Depute or Substitute, or before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, in any Shire, Stewartry, Burgh, or Place in Scotland, as aforesaid, wherein such Penalty or Forfeiture shall have been incurred, or where tho Offender or Offenders shall reside or shall be found, by and at the Instance of the Public Prosecutor of the County, District, or Place where the Offence may be committed, or where the Offender or Offenders shall reside or shall be found, or at the Instance of any One or more of the Commissioners and Overseers appointed by or in virtue of this Act, or at the Instance of their Clerk or Clerks for the Time being; and in recovering the several Penalties imposed by this Act, or any other Act for the Preservation of the Salmon Fisheries in Scotland, it shall be lawful for the Sheriff, or Stewart Depute or Substitute, or Justice or Justices, before whom any Complaint for the Recovery thereof may be brought, to proceed in a summary Way, and to grant Warrant for bringing the Parties complained of immediately before him or them, or for citing the Party or Parties complained of to appear before him or them upon previous Notice or Inducise of not less than Six free Days served upon such Party or Parties, or left for him, her, or them at his, her, or their last known usual Place or Places of Abode, as such Magistrate or Magistrates shall see fit; and in either Case, on Proof on Oath by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or Confession of the Offence, or upon other legal Evidence, or by the Party or Parties accused failing to appear before such Magistrate or Magistrates on the Case being called, after such previous Notice of not less than Six free Days has been served upon or left for the Party or Parties accused in manner aforesaid, he, she, or they shall be held as confessed, and thereupon such Magistrate or Magistrates shall proceed forthwith to determine and give Judgment in such Complaint; and in case any Person who shall be convicted of any Offence or Offences against this Act shall not immediately upon such Conviction pay

504,

C, liv.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 18S0

down the Penalty or Penalties, with such Costs of Suit or Prosecution, in which he, she, or they shall have been so convicted, or as shall have been awarded, into the Hands of the Magistrate or Magistrates as aforesaid by and before whom he, she, or they shall have been so convicted, or to some other Person by them or any of them authorized to receive the same, in order that the same may be disposed of according to the Directions of this Act, it shall be lawful for any such Magistrate or Magistrates as aforesaid to order any Constable or other Peace Officer to take the Charge of and keep in Custody any such Person so convicted, and immediately thereupon every such Magistrate or Magistrates is and are hereby authorized, empowered, and required to grant his or their Warrant or Warrants in due Form of Law, under his or their Hand or Hands, and thereby commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the Shire, Stewartry, Burgh, or Place for which such Magistrate or Magistrates as aforesaid shall act, for such Time or Times as hereinafter mentioned, unless such Penalty and Penalties and Costs shall respectively be sooner paid, or otherwise such Magistrate or Magistrates shall and may grant his or their Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand or Hands to levy and recover such Penalty or Penalties and Costs by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Effects; and all Penalties and Forfeitures which shall be so paid or levied as aforesaid shall from time to time be paid, applied, and disposed of as follows; that is to say, one Half to the Informer or Informers, and the other Half, after defraying all Costs, Charges, and Expeaces attending the Prosetution and the levying and recovering of the Penalty, to the Collector or Collectors of the Assessment hereinbefore imposed, and the same shall be applied and disposed of for and towards the same Purposes as the said Assessments are applicable; and the Overplus of the Money levied remaining (if any there be) after any Penalty or Penalties, and all Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the levying and recovering thereof, are deducted, which Costs, Charges and Expences shall always be taxed, settled, and ascertained by and before the Magistrate or Magistrates by or before whom any such Offender shall be convicted, shall, on Demand, be returned to the Owner or Owners of the Goods and Effects so distrained; and in case sufficient Distress or Distresses shall not be found, or such Penalty or Penalties and Costs shall not be immediately paid, then it shall be lawful for any such Magistrate or Magistrates, and he and they is and are hereby respectively authorized, empowered, and required, for the First Offence, to commit every such Offender or Offenders to such Gaol or House of Correction as aforesaid, for any Time not exceeding Two Months or less than One Month; for the Second Offence, any Time not exceeding Four Months nor less than Two Months; and for the Third and every other Offence, for any Time not exceeding Six Months nor less than Three Months, or until such Offender or Offenders shall have paid such Penalty or Penalties, Forfeiture or Forfeitures, and all Costs and Charges attending such Proceedings as aforesaid, to be ascertained by such Magistrate or Magistrates, or shall otherwise be discharged in due Course of Law.

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. liv. 505

LII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for AppfealinScot-any Person or Persons who shall think himself, herself, or them- l*nd. selves aggrieved by any Judgment of any Sheriff, or Stewart Depute or Substitute, Justice or Justices of the Peace, in Scotland, pronounced in any Case arising under this Act, or by Assessment made under this Act in Scotland, in case such Judgment be pronounced by any Sheriff or Stewart Depute or Substitute, to appeal to the next Circuit Court of Justiciary in the Manner and by and under the Rules, Limitations, Conditions, and Restrictions contained in the Act passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for taking away and abolishing the Heritable Jurismctions in Scotland; and in case such Judgment shall be pronounced by any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace in Scotland, to appeal from the same to the next General,

Stated, or Adjourned Meeting of Justices of the Peace of the County in which such Justice or Justices shall act, in Quarter Sessions assembled; under this Provision, in both Cases, that the Appellant or Appellants shall, in place of finding Caution in the Terms prescribed by the said Act, be bound to find Caution to pay the Penalty or Penalties and Expences awarded against him, her, or them by the Sentence or Sentences appealed from, in the Event of the Appeal or Appeals being dismissed, or to the Extent to which the said Sentence may be sustained, together with any additional Expences that shall be awarded by the Circuit Court, or Court of Quarter Sessions, on dismissing or deciding such Appeal or Appeals; and it shall not be competent to appeal from, or bring the Judgments of any Justice or Justices, or Sheriff, or Stewart Depute or Substitute, acting under this Act, under Review, by Advocation or Suspension, or by Reduction, or in any other Way than as herein provided.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where by Damages and this Act any Damages or Charges are directed to be paid, and the caae

Manner of ascertaining the Amount thereof is not specified or pro- Kttfedfrv0 vided for the Amount of such Damages and Charges, in case of sheriffs and Nonpayment, or of any Dispute respecting the same, shall be Justices, settled, ascertained, and determined by the Sheriff, or Stewart Depute or Substitute, or by some Justice or Justices of the Peace, acting for the County or Place within which the Cause of such Damage or Charge shall have arisen; and in all Cases where by this Act any Damages or Charges are directed or authorized to be paid or recovered, in addition to any Penalty or Penalties for any Offence or Offences, the Amount of such Damages or Charges, in case of Dispute respecting the same, shall be settled, ascertained, and determined by the Sheriff, or Stewart Depute or Substitute, or the Justice or Justices of the Peace, by or before whom any Offender shall be convicted of any such Offence or Offences, and the Sheriff, or Stewart Depute or Substitute, or Justice or Justices aforesaid respectively, is and are hereby authorized and required, on Nonpayment of the Damages and Charges in any of the Cases aforesaid, to levy such Damages and Charges by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods, Chattels, and Effects, in manner directed by this Act for the levying of any Penalties or Forfeitures.

C.liv.

1.1° GEO. IV. &.i° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Sheriffs and Justices may proceed by Summonses in the Recovery of Penalties.

Limitation of Actions in England.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which by this Act any Penalty or Forfeiture is imposed, or made recoverable by Information before a Sheriff, or Stewart Depute or Substitute, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, it shall be lawful for any Sheriff, or Stewart Depute or Substitute, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, to whom Complaint shall be made of any Offence against this Act, to summon the Party complained against before him or them, and on such Summons to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint, and on Proof of the Offence, by any* of the Ways herein specified, to convict the Offender, and to adjudge him to pay the Penalty or Forfeiture incurred, and to proceed to recover the same in manner by this Act directed, or at Common Law, although no Information in Writing shall have been exhibited or taken by or before such Sheriff or Stewart Depute or Substitute, Justice or Justices; and all such Proceedings by Summons without Information shall be as good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if an Information in Writing was or had been exhibited.

LV. And be it further enacted, That no Action at Law shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done or to be done by virtue or in execution of this Act, within that Part of Great Britain called England, the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, and the Bounds and Liberties thereof, until One Calendar Month after Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to the Person or Persons against whom such Action shall be intended to be brought, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, setting forth the Cause of such Action, and containing the Name and Place of Abode of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and also of his or their Attorney; and that every Action brought for any thing done or to be done as aforesaid shall be brought within the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the Cause of Action or Complaint shall arise, and be laid and sued in the County, Shire, Division, City, or Place where the Fact shall have been committed, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants therein may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done by virtue thereof; and also that it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons, at any Time before Action brought, to tender Amends to the Party complaining, or his or her Agent or Attorney; and in case the same is not accepted, to plead such Tender in bar to the Action, together with the Plea of Not Guilty, and any other Plea with the Leave of the Court; and if on the Trial of such Action it shall appear that the same was brought before the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after such Notice shall have been so given or left as aforesaid, or after the End of Three Months next after the Cause thereof shall have arisen, or if such Action shall have been brought or laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, or after sufficient Tender or Amends shall have been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, that then and in any of the Cases aforesaid the Jury shall find a Verdict for and acquit the Defendant or Defendants in such Action, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue the same, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or shall be nonsuited; and if upon Demurrer Judgment

shall

A.D. 1830. If0 GEO. IV. & i? GUL. IV. C. liv — IviL

507

shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action shall have Double Costs, and have the like Remedies for recovering the same as Defendants have for recovering their Costs in other Cases at Law; and that no Action, Suit, Information, or other Proceeding whatsoever shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Offence or Offences against this Act, unless the same shall be laid or commenced within Six Calendar Months next after any such Offence or Offences shall have been committed.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That no Action shall be brought against any Person or Persons for any thing done or to be done by virtue of or in the Execution of this Act within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, unless such Action shall be commenced within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen; and in all such Actions the Defender or Defenders, if absolved or assoilzied from the Action, shall have and be entitled to their full Costs of Suit.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Offender shall be punished for any Offence by virtue of this Act, such Offender shall not again be prosecuted, nor incur any Penalty by virtue of any other Law or Statute now in force, or be liable to any other Punishment for the same Offence.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and takeb to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. Iv.

An Act for better supplying with Water the Town and Parish of Sheffield in the County of York.

[29th May 1830.]

[Satw/g the Rights of the Lord of the Manor of Sheffield, §126. Act not to prejudice the Rights of the Owners of Mills on the River Porter to use Springs at Cross Pool, Tapton Hilly and Tapton JFVirm, $ 127-]

Cap. lvi.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from the Borough of Wigan to the Liverpool and Manchester Railway in the Borough of Newton in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and collateral Branches to communicate therewith.

[29th May 1830.] [Saving the Rights of His Majesty, of the Corporation of Wigan, of the Wigan Gas and Waterworks Companies, of the Liverpool and Manchester Railway Company, and of the Leeds and Liverpool and Lancaster Canal Companiesy $ 180.]

Cap. lvii.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Warrington and Newton Railway to extend the Line of the said Railway; and for repealing, explaining, altering, amending, and enlarging some of the Powers and Provisions of the Act relating thereto.

[29th May 1830.]

[Powers of 10 G.4. c.xxxvii. extended to this Act, except as hereby altered, §1. Repeal of the restrictive Clauses in 10 G. 4. c.xxxvii. prohibiting the Use ojf Locomotive Engines through Burtonwood

and

Iinilations of Actions in Scotland.

Persons punished under this Act not to be again prosecuted.

[Public Act.]

m

and Winwick, §10. Not to take the Land or interfere noth the Works of the Liverpool and Manchester Railway, without Consent, $17. Conveyances of Shares to be kept by Clerk of Company till aU the Calls on them are paid, §21.]

Cap. lviii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tramroad from the River Soar, near the West Bridge in or near the Borough of Leicester, to Swannington in the County of Leicester, and Four Branches therefrom.

[29th May 1830.]

Cap. lix.

An Act for making a Railway from the Town of Leeds to the River Ouse within the Parish of Selby in the West Riding of the County of York.

[29th May 1830.]

Cap. lx.

An Act to amend an Act for making a Railway from Dundee to Newtyle.

[29th May 183a]

[Powers, &c. of 1 G.4. c. ci. except as hereby altered\ extended to this Act, §1.]

Cap. lxi.

An Act for making a Railway from the Cowley Hill Colliery in the Parish of Prescot to Runcorn Gap in the same Parish (with several Branches therefrom), all in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for constructing a Wet Dock at the Termination of the said Railway at Runcorn Gap aforesaid.

[29th May 1830.]

[Lands or Works of the Liverpool and Manchester Railway not to be taken or interfered with without Consent, §19. Ships of War or Vessels, &c. employed in His Majesty's Service in the Conveyance of Officers or Soldiers, or Horses, Arms, Ammunition f or Baggage, or of any Ordnance, Barrack or Commissariat Stores» or Vessels in the Service of the Ordnance, Customs, or Excise, or Postmaster General, exempted from Payment of Tolly $ 122.

i Saving the Rights of the Duchy of Lancaster, $ 176 .; and of the Liverpool and Manchester Railway Company, and of the Mersey and Irwell, and Sankey Canal Companies, $ 177 .; and of the Liverpool Corporation and of the Dock Trustees, §178.]

Cap. lxii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from the Lands of Polloc and Govan to the River Clyde at the Harbour of Broomie-law in the County of Lanark, with a Branch to communicate therefrom.

[29th May 1830.]

Cap. lxiii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Brighton to Shoreham, for building a Bridge over the River Adur at New Shoreham, and for making a Road to Lancing and a Branch Road therefrom, all in the County of Sussex, (d)

[29th May 1830.]

[3 GA. c.xiii. and 3 G.4% c.civ. repealed, §1. Toll to be paid but once for passing through all the Gates on same Dayr $ 6. No

Toll

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C.lxiii — lxvi.

509

Toll to be paid by Owners and Occupiers of Land between the West End of the Bridge and the West End of the new Roady § 9-Tolls to be paid but once for Coaches, Horses, Cattle, fyc. c. passing and repassing once on same Day. Foot Passengers to pay each Time of passing or repassing, §29. The Royal Family, Mails, Soldiers on march or duty, their Arms or Baggage, Public Stores, Volunteers on march or duty, or going to or returning from Exercise9 Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry in going to or returning from Exercise, Vagrants sent by Passes, Prisoners sent by legal Warrants, Watermen, fyc. c. navigating the River Adur, or going over the Bridge for changing or passing the Lines of Barges, fyc. c. exempted from Toll, §51. Saving the Rights of J. M. Lloyd, Esquire, to a Piece of Land called the Scurvy Bank, §82. General Saving, §83.] '

Cap. lxiv.

An Act to make further Provision for defraying the Expences of making the Approaches to London Bridge, and the Removal of Fleet Market.

[29th May 1830.]

[Powers of6G.2. c.U. 4 G. 4. c-50. 5 G.4. c.cli. and 10G.4. c.cxxxvi. (except as hereby altered) extended to this Act, J 22.]

Cap. lxv.

An Act for amending and extending the Provisions of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the rebuilding of Kingston Bridge, and for improving and making suitable Approaches thereto.

[29th May 1830.]

[Powers of6G.4. c.cxxv. extended to this Act, §1. Bailiffs and Freemen -of Kingston empowered to borrow an additional Sum of 10,000l. — J 2. Repeal of Power in recited Act limiting the Purchase of Property under that Act, §6. Power of purchasing limited to Five Years from the passing of this Act, $ 7- Horses employed in towing Barges exempted from Toll, §8.]

Cap. lxvi.

An Act for Building a Bridge over the River Trent, from Dunham, in the County of Nottingham, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Lincoln.

[29th May 1830.]

[Proprietors united into a Company, §1. No more than one full Toll to be taken in one Day, $70. Horses drawing Stagecoaches, fyc. c. to be subject to Toll each Time of passing, §71. Post Chaises to pay each new hiring, §72. Horses having passed through a Gate, and returning drawing a Carriage, the Toll paid on the Horses to be deducted, $73. Tolls to be paid upon Carriage affixed to others, §74. Royal Family exempted from Toll, § 79 .; and also Sir W. A. Ingilby, as Lord of the Manor of Newton, § 80 .; and likewise Matts, Soldiers on march or duty, their Arms and Baggage, Public Stores, Vagrants sent by Passes, Prisoners under legal Warrants, Volunteers on march or duty, in going to or returning from Exercise; Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry going to or returning from Exercise, and Coaches, Horses, fyc. c. going to or returning from any Election for the Counties of Nottingham or Lincoln, during such Election, or on the Day before or Day after, §81.]

510

Cap. lxvii.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Wensum, in the Hamlet of Heigham and the Parish of Saint Clement, in the County of the City of Norwich.

[29th May 1830.]

[The Royal Family, Mails, Soldiers on march or duty, their Arms and Baggage, Public Stores, Vagrants sent by Passes, Volunteers on march or duty, or going to or returning from Exercise, and Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry going to or returning from Exercise9 exempt from Toll, §63. Saving the Rights of the Mayor and City of Norwich, §82.]

Cap. lxviii.

An Act for erecting and maintaining a Bridge over Stonehouse Mill Pool, at or near Stonehouse Mills, in the County of Devon.

[29th May 1830.]

[Carriages, 8fC. may pass and return in the same Day for one Toll, §10. Tolls to be paid for Carriages affixed to others passing over the Bridge, §11. Horses not drawing and Foot Passengers exempt from Toll, §12. The Royal Family, Mails, Soldiers on march or duty, their Arms and Baggage, Public Stores, Volunteers on march or duty, or going to or returning from Exercise, Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry going to or returning from Exercise, Vagrants sent by Passes, and Prisoners sent by legal Warrants, exempt from Toll, §13. No Toll to be demanded for Horses, &c. employed in carrying or conveying to or from Stonehouse Mills any Goods, fyc* belonging to the Tenants yf those Mills, or to their Family, Servants or Workmen resident or employed in the Mills; nor ^br Horses, #c. carrying or conveying to the said Mills any Com, Grain or Grist to be ground\ or carrying from the said Mills any Corn, Grain, Grist or Flour, whether the Property of any Tenant or Tenants of the said Mills, or of any other Persons; norfor Horses, fyc. c. drawing any Carriage going or returning empty and unladen to or from the said Mills, for the Purpose <f being employed, or afer having been employed for any of the Purposes

. only which are declared by this Act to form Exemptions from Toll as aforesaid, § 14% Right of Lord Mount Edgcumbe to Kcyage or Landing not to be prejudiced, §15. This Act not to give the Right of landing or embarking on or from the Bridge, §16. No Tolls to be taken until the Approaches are altered and amended, §17. Earl of Mount Edgcumbe not to be liable to the future Repairs of Approaches, §18. Saving the Rights of His Majesty in respect of His Duchy of Cornwall, §67.]

Cap. lxix.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Avon, from Clifton in the County of Gloucester to the opposite Side of the River in the County of Somerset, and for making convenient Roads and Approaches to communicate therewith.

[29th May 18S0»]

[The Royal Family, Mails, Soldiers on march or duty, their Arms and Baggage, or Public Stores, Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry going to and returning from Exercise, Horses and Carriages conveying any Person going to or returning from any Election for the

A.D. \6$0. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C.lxix — lxxiii.

511

the Counties of Gloucester or Somerset, or jof the City of Bristol, during such Election, or on the Day before or the Day after, Vagrants sent by Passes, and Prisoners sent by legal Warrants, exempted from ToU, § 67* Persons having paid Toll at any one Gate may repass the same Gate once in the same Day, and also pass and.repass Toll free once through all the other Gates, but not pass a Second Time until a fresh Toll shall be paid; and after the Payment of such Second Toll, may pass and repass ToU free through all the Gates for the Remainder of such Day, §68. Stage Coaches, &c. to pay for each Time of passing. Post Chaises to pay every Time of passing, if rehired, §69. If Horses having passed through any Gate snail return drawing a Carriage, the Toll paid on the Horses to be deducted, §70. ToUs to be paid upon Carriages affixed to others, J 71. Limiting the Weight to be car-. ried over the Bridge to Six Tons, §72. Limiting the Weight to be on the Bridge at the same Time to Twenty-eight Tons, §73.

Bridge to be a public but not a County Bridge, §95. / and to be deemed to be in the City and County of the City of Bristol, §112.

Saving the Rights of the Mayor and Corporation of Bristol,

Cap. lxx.

An Act to incorporate certain Persons to be called u The Hungerford Market Company," for the Re-establishment of a Market For the Sale of Fish, Poultry, and Meat, and other Articles of general Consumption and Use, and for other Purposes.

[29th May 1830.]

[Saving the Rights of the Commissioners of Sewers for Westminster,

§ 95. And of the Corporation of London, §96.]

Cap. lxxi.

An Act for establishing a Market in the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone in the County of Middlesex.

[29th May 1830.]

[Buildings in the Market not to be subject to the Provisions of 14 6r. 3. c. 78. relating to Party Walls, &c. §2. Saving the Rights of the Vestrymen of the Parish of St. Mary-le-bone,

§ 35 .; and of Commissioners of Sewers, § 36 .; and of the West Middlesex Water Works, §37. General Saving, §38.J

Cap. lxxii.

An Act for the Management and Direction of the Hospital founded by Joseph Barrington and his Sons in the City of Limerick.

[29th May 1830.]

Cap. lxxiii.

An Act for altering and amending an Act passed in the Twelfth 12 G.2. c. 31. Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, for 19 G.s. c. 23. establishing and well governing an Hospital or Infirmary in the City of Bath; and for constructing Baths therein, and supplying the same with Water from the Hot Baths in the said City.

[29th May 1830.]

512

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act to enable the London Assurance Companies and their Successors to purchase Annuities upon or for Lives, and also to lend Money or Stock upon Mortgage, for the Purpose of Investment.

[29th May 1830.]

[Recites 6 G. 1. c. 18. Charters to London Assurance, dated 22d June 1720, and 29th April 1721. 36 G.3. c. 26. 4*1 G.3. c.lviii. The Two Corporations authorized to purchase Annuities for Lives charged upon Freehold\ Copyhold, or Leasehold Estates in the United Kingdom, or on the Public Funds, and afterwards to sell the same, § 1 .; and also to lend Money or Stock on the Security of Freehold, Leasehold, or Copyhold Estates, or upon Mortgage of any Rates, Tolls, and other Property, § 2 .; and to make Bye Laws, fyc. c.for the Purposes of this Act, §3. The Two Corporations to be considered One consolidated Corporation, by the Name of "The London Assurance Loan Company," and have and use a Common Seal, §4. The Corporations authorized to fie Bills for Foreclosure, or to purchase the Equity of Redemption of Estates mortgaged to them, §5. Sales to be made within Two Years, unless unavoidably delayed, §6. The Corporations authorized to hold Lands under this Act, without Licence in Mortmain, § 7- Receipts of Trustees for the Corporations to be sufficient Discharges,

§ 8. Forging the Corporate Seal of the Company to be Felony, and Offender transported, §9. Corporations may plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence, §10.]

Cap. lxxv.

An Act for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Rates in the Parish of Foleshill in the County of the City of Coventry.

[29th May 1830.]

Cap. lxxvi.

An Act for better assessing and recovering the Rates for the Relief of the Poor within the City of New Sarum, and enlarging, the Powers of an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for consolidating the Rates to be made for the Relief of the Poor of the respective Parishes of Saint Thomas, Saint Edmund, and Saint Martin, in the City o/*New Sarum.

[29th May 1830.]

[Powers of 10 G.3. c. 81. (except as hereby altered) extended to this Act, §1.]

Cap. lxxvii *

An Act for further regulating the Statute Labour, and repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Peebles.

[29th May 183a] [49 G.3- c.xxxvi. repealed, as to Statute Labour, § 1»]4

Cap. lxxviii.

An Act for making and maintaining Roads, Bridges, and Ferries* and for converting, regulating, and making effectual the Statute Labour, in the County of Inverness.

[29th May 183a] [48 G.S. c.cv. repealed, §1.]

513

Cap. lxxix.

An Act to commute for Lands and a Corn Rent the Ancient Compositions in lieu of Tithes and Glebe Lands payable to the Rector of the Parish of Barnwell Saint Andrew with Barnwell All Saints annexed, in the County of Northampton.

[29th May 1830.]

[General Saving, §8.]

Cap. lxxx.

An Act for prolonging the Term of certain Letters Patent granted to James Hollingrake for an improved Method of manufacturing Copper or other Metal Rollers, and of casting and forming Metallic Substances into various Forms, with improved Closeness and Soundness of Texture.

[29th May 1830.]

[Term prolonged for Nine Years from the passing of the Act} § 1.]

Cap. lxxxi.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Wendover to the Town of Buckingham in the County of Buckingham, (d) [29th May 1830.]

[50 G.3. c.xcix. repealed, §1. Tolls to be paid only once a Day for passing and repassing through the same Gate; and only One full Toll to be taken at the Gates between Wendover and Aylesbury, and between Aylesbury and Winslow, and between Winslow and Buckingham, §7. No Money to be laid out in Repairs of Streets in Aylesbury, §12.]

Cap. lxxxii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Lewes, through Off ham, to Witch Cross; from the Cliffe near Lewes, through Uckfield, to Witch Cross; and from the said Cliffe, through Ringmer, Heathfield, and Burwash, to Hurst Green; all in the County of Sussex, (e) [29th May 1830.]

[5 G.3. c. 64. 27 G.3. c. 72. 48 G.3. c.iv. and 1 8f 2 G.4. c.xiv. repealed, §1. No Exemption for Lime or Chalky § 8. Manure not to be wholly exempt unless Wheels are of Four Inches and a Half in Breadth, §9. Tolls to be paid but once in the same Day for riding Horses; and for Horses drawing, once for passing and returning, §12. Toll to be paid on the Off ham to Witc/i Cross Road, and on the Mailing to Witch Cross Road, at Three Gates only; on so much of the Ringmer and Hurst Green Road as lies between the North End of the Cliffe Churchyard and the Point Northward of the Scite of the ancient Broil Park Gatef where the Road branches off to Horsebridge, at One Gate only; on such Part of the Ringmer and Hurst Green Road as lies between the said last-mentioned Point and the Eastern Extremity of the said Road hitherto called the Ringmer and Heath-feld Road, at Three Gates only; and on that Part of the Ringmer and Hurst Green Road which has been hitherto called the Burwash to Hurst Green Road, at Two Gatel only; and upon the Swing Toll Gate Branch Road, at One Gate only, } 13. No ToU shall be demanded for undried Hops, which shall 11 Geo. IV. & 1 Gul. TV. LI not

514 *

C.lxxxiii — lxxxvii. 11° GEO. IV.& 1°GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

not have been nor are going to be bought, sold, or disposed of,

§ 150 Cap. lxxxiii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road between Hockliffe in the County of Bedford, and Stony Stratford in the County of Buckingham. (d) [29th May 1830.]

[13 G.2* £.9. 27 G.2. c. 21. 26 G.3. c. 14-3. and 49 G. 3. c.xvi. repealed, §1. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, §6. No more than Two fill Tolls shall be demanded in One Day upon the whole Line of Road, §7. Penalty of Ten Shillings for hanging out Clothes adjoining the Road, §13. Commissioners of London and Holyhead Road to receive Tolls in certain Cases, f 15.]

Cap. lxxxiv.

An Act for altering, improving, diverting, and maintaining the Road from Rotherham to the Four Lane Ends near Wortley, in the West Riding of the County of York. (d) [29th May 1830.]

[28 G.3. c. 110. and 48 G.3. c.xci. repealed, §1. Tolls to be paid but once in the same Day at the same Gate, §16. Only Two fdl Tolls to be taken in the same Day on whole Line of Road,

§170

Cap. lxxxv.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Blackburn to Walton Cop within Walton in le Dale in the County of Lancaster. (c) [29th May 1830.]

[S3 G.3. c. 134. and 49 G.3. c.liii. repealed, §1. Two full Tolls only to be paid for passing and repassing on same Day through all the Gates, §12. Trustees not to expend Money in Repairs of Streets, §13.]

Cap. lxxxvi.

An Act for amending an Act of the last Session, intituled An Act for more effectually repairing and improving several Roads which lead to and through the Town and Borough if Chard in the County of Somerset; and for making and maintaining a new Road from Chard to Drempton, tit the County of Dorset { and for making and maintaining other Roads communicating with the said Roads, in the Counties of Somerset, Devon, and Dorset.

[29th May 1890.]

[Clause in 10 G.4. c.xciii. limiting the number f Tolls to be taken, repealed, §1. Two full Tolls only to be taken for passing and repassing on the same Day through all the Gates, §2. Clause in recited Act as to repairing the Town and Borough of Chard repealed, §4. Tolls not to be laid out in repairing the Town if Chard, §5. No Money to be expended in repairing the Branch Roads, except what is collected thereon, §10. Act to continue in force for the Remainder if the Term granted by recited Act,

§130

Cap. lxxxvii.

An Act for completing, improving, and maintaining the Road from Wibsey Low Moor near Bradford, through Brighouse, to

Hud *

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C.lxxxvii — xci.

Huddersfield, with certain Diversions therefrom, in the West Riding of the County of York. (rf) [29th May 1890.]

[4* G. 4. c.liv. repealed§ 1. No Exemption in respect of Carriages having the Nails of the Tire projecting above a Quarter of an Inch or with Wheels less than Inches broad at Bottom, { 16. No Toll to be paid on repassing on same Day, {17. No more than Five fill Tolls shall be taken for passing and repassing once through all the Gates, §18.]

Cap. lxxxviii.

An Act for repairing the Turnpike Road from the Top of White-sheet Hill to the Wilton Turnpike Road, at or near Barford in the County of Wilts, (d) [29th May 1830.]

[28 G. 3. c. 86. and 50 G. 3. c.xvii. repealed, { 1. One Half additional Toll on Carriages drawn by Two or more Horses employed in conveying Timber between the 1st of November and the last Day of February, § 7- Toll to be taken at One Gate only for passing and repassing on same Day, §8.]

Cap. lxxxix.

An Act for repairing, altering, and improving the Roads from Ashbourne to Sudbury, and from Sudbury to Yoxall Bridge, and from Hatton Moor to Tutbury, and from Uttoxeter to or near the Village of Draycott-in-the-Clay, and from Hadley Plain on the late Forest or Chase of Needwood to Callingmod Plain on the same late Forest or Chase, (e) [29th May 1830.]

[6 G.3. c. 79. 27 G.S. c. 87. and 49 G. 3. c.vi. repealed, §1. Only One Half Toll to be taken for Lime used for Manure y if in Waggons with Wheels of a certain Description, {15. Tolls to be paid once a Day only at each Gate, or at any other Gate within Six Miles; the present Toll Gate at Cumey not to free the Clifton Gates, {16. No more than Three fill Tolls to be payable on the Sudbury District, nor more than Two on the Uttoxeter District, {17. Toils not to be expended in repairing the Streets in the Towns of Ashbourne or Uttoxeter, §19.J

Cap. xc.

An Act for repairing the Road from Foston Bridge to the Divi* sion Stone on Witham Common in the County of Lincoln. (d)

[29th May 1830.]

[48 G.3. c.lxiii. repealed, { 1. No more than One full Toll shall be taken on the same Day between Foston Bridge and Grantham, nor more than One full Toll between Grantham and the Toll Bar by this Act authorized to be continued at or near to the Division Stone on Witham Common, §8. Tolls to be paid but once a Day for passing and repassing through the same Gate, §9. Trustees not to apply any of the Money to repair the Streets of Grantham, { 14.]

Cap. xci.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Temple Normanton to Bunting field Nook in the County

L 1 2 of

C.xci — xcv. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

of Derby; and the Road from Tupton Nether Green to Stub-bing Edge Lane and Knot Cross in the said County, (e)

[29th May 1830.]

[6 G.3. c. 87. 28 G.3. c. 89. and 48 G.3. c.xxxviii. repealed§ 1. No more than Four full Tolls to be taken on the same Day for passing and repassing through aU the Gates from the Mansfield and Chesterfield Turnpike Road to Bunting field Nook, nor more than Two full Tolls from Tupton Nether Green to Stubbing Edge Lane and Knot Cross, §8.]

Cap. xcii.

An Act for improving and maintaining the Road from Wemetk to Littleborough, and other Roads communicating therewith, in the County of Lancaster. (d) [29th May 1830.]

[7 4* 8 G.4. c.lv. repealed, §1. Persons having paid the Toll to return Toll free on same Day, §8. Toll to be taken at One Gate only on the whole Line of Road from Wemeth to Dry Clough, and at One Gate only from Dry Clough to Shaw, and at Two Gates from Shaw to Littleborough and from Shaw to Rochdale, and at One Gate only from Goats to Grains, and from Bent Green to Middleton, §9. No more than Threefull Tolls to be paid in One Day at the same Gate, §10.]

Cap. xciii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road leading from the Town of Stamford to the Division Stone in South Witham, in the County of Lincoln. (d) [29th May 1830.]

[48 G. 3. c.cxiii. repealed, §1. Tolls to be paid but once for passing and repassing on the same Day, §8. One full Toll only to be paid on the same Day for passing and repassing through all the Gates, §9. No Money to be expended in repairing, S; c. the Town of Stamford, §13. j

Cap. xciv.

An Act for repairing the Road from Birmingham through Warwick and Warmington, in the County of Warwick, to the utmost Limits of the said County on Edgehill. (d)

[29th May 1830.]

[12G.1. c. 6. 18 G. 2. c. 32. 31 G.2. c. 58. 20 G. 3. c. 80. and 50 G.3. c.xcv. repealed, so far as they relate to the Road from Birmingham to Warmington and Edgehill9 § 1. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, §7. No more than Four full Tolls shall be taken for passing and repassing through all the Toll Gates on same Day, §8. No Part of the Tolls to be applied in repairing Streets, §12.]

Cap. xcv.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving certain Roads between the Towns of Derby, Mansfield, and Nutthall, in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham, (d) [29th May 1830.]

[4 G.3. c. 61. 25 G.3. c. 107. and 51 G.3. c.lxxiii. repealed, §1. No Money to be laid out in paving Streets, §7. Between the

Com-

A.D. 1830. 11 GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C.xcv — xcvii.

517

Commencement of the Road near Derby, and the Termination of the Road near Mansfield, Fourfull Tolls only to be taken in One Day; between the Commencement of the Road and the Town of Nutthall Three full Tolls; between the Commencement of the Road and Heanor Two full Tolls; between Heanor and the Termination of the Road near Mansfield Two full Tolls; and between Heanor and Nutthall Two full Tolls, §8. Horses, fyc. c. having paid Toll may return Toll-free, §9. Toll of Ten Shillings to be paid for Waggons, fyc. c. having the Nails projecting more than a Quarter of an Inch, §14. Wheels deviating from a Flat Sujface to pay as Wheels less than Three Inches Broad,

§ 15. Abatement of One Third of Tolls for cylindrical Wheels Four and a Half Inches Broad, §16. No Exemption allowed in respect of Carriages having the Nails of the Tire projecting more than One Quarter of an Inch, §17. Tiles, &c. for Draining exempt from Tolls, §19.]

Cap. xcvi.

An Act for making and maintaining a new Turnpike Road from the Town of Kingston-upon-Hull, in the County of the said Town, to Hedon in the County of York, (e) [29th May 1830.]

[No Exemptions allowed in respect of Carriages having the Nails of the Tire projecting more than a Quarter of an Inch, §10. No Toll to be paid on repassing, but to be paid every Third Time of passing and repassing, §11. Tolls to be paid only once for passing and repassing through all the Gates, §12. Money not to be laid out in repairing Streets, §20.]

Cap. xcvii.

An Act for improving several Roads, and making certain new Roads in the Counties of Devon and Somerset, leading to and from the Town of Tiverton; and for amending an Act of His present Majesty for repairing several Roads leading from and through the Town of Wiveliscombe. ((f) [29th May 1830.]

[51 G.3. c.xlviii. and 53 G.3. c. ii. repealed, §1. Lime to be subject but to One Toll for the whole Journey, §9. Toll to be taken but once a Day at same Gate, §10. One full Toll only to be taken for passing and repassing on same Day through all the Gates on the old Roads mentioned in the Act, except the present Roads from Tiverton to the One Mile Post from the City of Exeter near Mary Pole Head, on which Two full Tolls are to be taken, §11. Toll not to be demanded at more than One Gate on the new Road from the present Turnpike Road at a certain Place near unto and west of Mr. James Edward Teales Cottage to the Junction of the Wiveliscombe and Southmolton Turnpike Road, near the Eighteenth Mile Post; nor at more than One Gate on the new Road from near the Five Mile Post between Tiverton and Southmolton to Noman s Land; nor at more than Two Gales on the Road from Tiverton by Penny Park, in Tiverton, to Nomans Land; nor at more than Two Gates from Noman's Land by Way of Labbott's Cross to the present Turnpike Road leading from Barnstable to Exeter; nor at more than Two

L 1 3 Gates

C.xcvii — c.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Gales on the new Road from or near Labbot's Cross to Dinni-ford; nor at more than One Gate on the new Road from, at, or near the Bottom if Newtes Hill to the Turnpike Road leading from CuUompton to Willand; nor at more than one Gate on the new Road from the eastern End (f the Village if Halberton, in the present Turnpike Road there, to the Turnpike Road leading from CuUompton to Honiton; nor at more than Two Gates on the new Road from near Putson Bam on the present Turnpike Road leading from Tiverton to Halberton, to the Junction if the Tiverton and WcUington Turnpike Road at Beam Bridge, §19. No Money to be expended on any Branch Road except what is collected thereon, §19. Streets not to be repaired by Trustees, §21. Trustees of the WiveUscombe Roads not to take more than One Toll for travelling between Tiverton and Southmolton, $23.]

Cap. xcviii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving several Roads leading to and from or near to the Towns of Ashburton and Toines, in the County of Devon. (e) [29th May 1830.]

[49 G. 3. c.cxxvii. repealed, §1. No Money to be laid out cm Branches where there is no Turnpike erected or no Tolls taken, §11. Tolls not to be laid out in repairing the Streets, $ IS. Tolls on each District to he laid out on each, and not generally, §14. One Toll only to be paid between Chudleigh Bridge and Ashburton and Boveytracy in same Day, §15.]

Cap. xcix.

An Act for amending and improving the Road from Tonbridge to Ightham, and other Roads communicating therewith, in the County of Kent. (d) [29th May 1890.]

[49 G.3. c.xci. repealed, §1. Tolls to be paid but once for pissing and repassing through the same Gate in One Day, §7. Tolls to be paid but once within Five Miles, §8. No Money to be laid out on the Roads where there is no Turnpike erected or no Tolls taken, §13. Trustees are not to repair Streets in Tonbridge, $14.]

Cap. c.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Cronford Bridge to the Turnpike Road at or near Langley MiU in the County of Derby. (e) [29th May 1830.]

[6 G. 3. c. 69. 26 G. 3. c. 124. and 48 G.S. c.xxxii. repealed, §1. Tolls to be paid bui once for passing and repassing on same Day, § 7* Three fuU Tolls only to be taken on the whole Road, §8. No Money to be laid out in repair of Streets, §11. Abatement of one Third of Tolls for cylindrical Wheels, §12. Wheels deviating from a flat Surface, or not having the Nails countersunk, to be liable to the same ToUs as Wheels of less tfta* Four Inches and a Half in Breadth, §13. No Exemption allowed in respect of Carriages having the Nails if the Tire pro» jecling more than One Quarter of an Inch, §14.]

C.ci — civ.

519

Cap. ci.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving several Roads leading from the Market Cross in the Town of Warekam, and in Purbeck in the County of Dorset. (d) [29th May 1830.]

[6 G.3. c. 92. 26 G. 3. c. 122. and 49 G. 3. c.lv. repealed, §1. Tolls to be taken but once for passing and repassing on the same Day, §7. TWTow only to be taken on the whole Road, §8. No Money to be laid out on the Branch Roads except what is collected thereon, § 16, No Money to be expended in repairing Streets, §17.* Penalty of Forty Shillings for hanging out Clothes, %c. adjoining the Road, §19.]

Cap. cii.

An Act for making, repairing, widening, and keeping in repair certain Roads and Bridges in the County of Caithness; and for better regulating and rendering more effectual the Statute Labour in the said County, and Conversion Money in lieu thereof.

[29th May 183a]

[33 G.3. c. 120. repealed, §1. Powers of 4 G.4. c. 49. applied to this Act, § 6- Tolls to be taken only once a Day, and but once in Six Miles, §39. Act to be in force for Twenty-one Years as to the Assessment on the Rent of the Proprietors and Life Renters, and for Thirty-one Years as to the Roads and Tolls, and to be perpetual as to Statute Labour, §57.]

Cap. ciii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Saltfleet to the Town of Horncastle, and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Lincoln. (e)

[29th May 1830.]

[10 G.3. c. 109. 20 G. 3. c. 94. and 50 G.3. c.xiii. repealed\ § 1.

Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, §7. One full Toll only to be taken between the Head of the Canal in the Parish of Louth and Eau Bridge, or between the Head of the Canal and Alvin gham Lock, and only threefull Tolls on any other Part of the Roads, §10. Tolls not to be applied in the Repair of Branch Road, unless there shall be a Gate upon such Branch Road, and Tolls taken thereat, §13. Tolls not to be laid out in repairing Streets, §14.]

Cap. civ.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Hand Cross% through Covfold to Corner House, and from thence to the Turnpike Road from Horsham to Steaming, and from Comer House aforesaid to the Maypole in the Town of Henfield, and certain Branches therefrom, all in the County of Sussex. (e)

[29th May 1830.]

[11 G.3. c. 99- 32 G.3. c. 118. and 49 G. 3. c.xlix. repealed, §1.

Carriages laden with Timber to pay Double Toll\ § 7. No more than One full Toll to be paid for passing and repassing on the same Day between Hand Cross and Comer House, §8. No more than One full Toll to be paid for passing and repassing the same Day between the Crab Tree Gate and the May Pole,

L 1 4 in

r>20

C.civ — cvii. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

in the Town of Henfield, §9. No more than One Toll to he paid for passing and repassing the same Day, between the May Pole in the Town of Henfield, and the Horsham and Steyning Turnpike at Partridge Green, §10. No more than One full Toll shall be taken for passing and repassing on the same Day through all the Gates on the Branch Road, but on passing a third Time the Toll shall be again payable, §11. Carriages laden with Chalk or Lime not to be exempt, §14. Persons residing in Lower Beading exempted from Toll on Sundays in passing to or from the Church at which they usually attend Divine Worship, §15. Horses, &c. travelling with Manure or Produce above Seven Miles on the Road not exempted from Toll, §16. Trustees not to expend Money in repair of Streets, §20.]

Cap. cv.

An Act for improving and maintaining the Turnpike Roads from

' the Wirksworth Turnpike Road in the Hamlet of Ideridgehay to the Town of Dujfield; and from the Market Place in Wirksworth, to the Turnpike Road leading from Derby to Brassington, and from the said Market Place to the Turnpike Road leading from Wirksworth Moor to Matlock Bath, all in the County of Derby. (d) [29th May 1830.]

[33 G. 3. c. 152. 42 G.S. c.xcix. 48 G.S. c.xxxi. and 1 G.4. c.iii. repealed, §1. Limiting the Tolls to once a Day on the Ideridge-hay and Dujfield Road, §8. Lime for Manure exempted from Toll on the Ideridgehay and Dujfield Road between the Thirtieth of April and Thirty-first of October, §9. Limiting the Payments to Two Gates on the Wirksworth Roads, §12. One Payment to clear the same Gate in the same Day, §13. Lime for Manure exempted from Toll on the Wirksworth Roads between Thirtieth April and Thirty first October, §14. No Money to be laid out on the Branch Roads except what is collected thereon, §21. Trustees not to repair Streets in Wirksworth or Duffield, §22.]

Cap. cvi.

An Act for improving and maintaining the Road leading from Walsall to Muckley Corner, near Lichfield, and other Roads in the County of Stafford, (d) [29th May 1830.]

[6 G.S. c. 99. 27 G. 3. c. 90. and 47 G.S. Sess. 1. c.ix. repealed, §1. No Exemption allowed for Carriages having the Nails of the Tire projecting more than One Quarter of an Inch, $18. Lime liable to Hal/' Tolls, §19. No Toll to be paid on repassing on same Day, §20. No more than Two full Tolls shall be taken in One Day for passing and repassing once through all the Gates upon the Roads, §21. No Money to be laid out in repairing Streets, §28. Steam Engines, and other Machines, not to be erected within a certain Distance of Roads; Penalty Five Pounds, §30.]

Cap. cvii.

An Act for more effectually repairing several Roads leading from the Bounds of the County of Cork to the City of Waterford

[29th May 1830.]

521

[Irish Acts, 36 G. 3. c. 13. anrf 40 G. 3. c. 93. repealed, §1. To#* /o he paid but once a Day at any One Toll Gate; no more than Three Tolls to he taken for passing and repassing through all the Gates in One Day, §34. No Tolls shall be demanded of the Royal Family, nor for Materials for the Road, or any Bridge thereon, or any of the Highways in the Parishes through which the Road shall pass, or Limestone, or Lime for Manure, or Culm for the burning of same, or any other Manure, nor for Horses, &c. going to or returning from being shod or farried, or to or from Work in the Lands within the same Parishes, or going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places, if they shall not pass upon the Road more than Two Miles; nor for any Horse or other Beast which shall only cross the Road, and shall not pass above One hundred Yards thereon, nor for Horses belonging to Officers or Soldiers upon march or duty, or employed in conveying their Arms or Baggage, or carrying any wounded sick or disabled Officers or Soldiers, or returning empty after having been so employed within the same Day; nor for Public Stores, nor for Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, or Volunteer Infantry in going to or returning from Exercise, nor for any Constable or Policeman, or any Magistrate commanding and accompanying him, nor for any Vagrant or Prisoner sent by legal Warrants, §40.]

Cap. cviii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and keeping in repair the Turnpike Roads in the County of Peebles; for making and maintaining certain new Roads; and for rendering Turnpike certain Parish Roads in the said County. (*) [29th May 1830.]

[49 G. 3. c.xxxvi. and 58 G. 3. c. x. repealed, §1. Powers of 4 G.4. c. 49. applied to this Act, §8. Waggons, fyc. c. with cylindrical Wheels Six Inches broad exempted from Tolls in respect of Weight, §24. Tolls to be taken only once a Day and only once in Six Miles, §25. Tolls to be paid for Bridges and Ferry Boats, §25. Toll of One Penny to be paid by Foot Passengers at Boats and Bridges, § 27* No Toll shall be taken for Implements of Husbandry, or Manure (except Lime), or agricultural Produce, or Wood for Farm Purposes, which has grown on Land in the Occupation of the Owner, and which has not been bought or sold, nor is being carried to be sold, nor for Animals employed in Husbandry going to or returning from Work, Pasture, or Water, nor for Materials for any of the Parish or Public Roads in the County, or Bridges thereon, nor for any Sheep obliged to leave their ordinary Pastures on account of Snow Storms, and returning again to their Pastures, nor for anu Horse Patrol of the County, §42.]

Cap. cix.

An Act for more effectually repairing and keeping in repair the Road from Cramond Bridge to the Town of Queensferry, the Road leading westward therefrom, through Dalmeny, to Echlien, and the Road from the West End of the said Town of Queensferry to the Town of Linlithgow in the County of Linlithgow. (c) [29th May 1830.]

522

[51 G.S. c.lxiii. repealed, §1. Powers of 4 G.4. c. 49. applied to this Act, §3. nroad cylindrical Wheels to pay Half Toll only, §16. Dung or Farm Manure to pay Half Toll only, §17. Tolls payable once a Day only at any Gate within Five Miles, $ 180

Cap. cx.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Carlisle to Penrith, and from Penrith to Eamont Bridge in the County of Cumberland. (e) [29th May 1830.]

[6G.2.C. 40. 19G.S.C. 97. 38 G.3. c.xxviii. and48 G.S. c.xxviii. repealed, §1. Lime for Manure to be exempt from Toll, 59. Toll shall not be taken at more than Three Gates between Carlisle and Penrith, nor at more than One Gate between Penrith and Eamont Bridge, §10. Double Toll to be taken at Hesket, §11. Toll to be taken at Eamont Bridge to be One Half only of the Toll at the North End of Penrith, §12. Toll to be paid once a Day only at the same Gate, §13. Power to double the Tolls at or near Carlisle or Penrith Town Head if necessary, 5 21. No Money to be laid out on a Branch Road but what is collected thereon, §22. No Trust Money to be expended tit Carlisle or Penrith, §23.]

Cap. cxi.

An Act for improving and repairing the Road leading from Newcastle in the County of Limerick to the City of Limerick, and from thence to Charleville in the County of Cork, (e)

[29th May 1830.]

[39 G. 3. c. 47. (I.) repealed, §1. No more than One Toll to be taken in One Day for passing and repassing between Newcastle and Croagh, §37. No more than One ToU to be taken in One Day for passing and repassing between Croagh and Limerick, 5 41. No more than One ToU to be taken in One Day for passing and repassing between the City of Limerick and Town of Bruy, §45. No more than One ToU to be taken in One Day for passing and repassing between Brujf and Charleville, § 49- No Tolu shall be demanded of the noyal Family, or for Materials for the Road, or any Bridge thereon, or any of the Highways in the Parishes through which the Road shall pass, nor for any Horse or other Beast which shall only cross the Road, and shall not pass above One hundred Yards, nor any Mail, nor for Horses belonging to Officers or Soldiers upon their march or duty, nor for their Arms or Baggage, nor for any wounded, sick, or disabled Officers or Soldters, nor for public Stores, nor for Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry or Infantry in going to or returning from Exercise, nor for any Constable or Policeman, or any Magistrate commanding and accompanying him, nor for any Vagrant or Prisoner sent by legal Warrants, i 54.]

Cap. cxii.

An Act for repairing and maintaining the Roads from the Town of Dundalk in the County of Louth, to the Towns of Castle Blayney and Carrickmacross in the County of Monaghan. (e)

[29th May 1830.]

528

[Only one Toll to be demanded in each Day on each Road, §28. No Tolls shall be demanded of the Royal Family, nor of Persons going to or returning from any Place of Public Worship between Sunrise and Sunset, on Sundays, Christmas Day, or Good Friday, nor for Materials for the Roads, or any Bridge thereon, or anu of the Public Roads in the Parishes through which the Roads pass, nor for Com in the Straw, the Produce of any Town Lands through which the Roads pass, or Manure to be used for the Improvement of Lands, or Turf or Peat, nor for Implements rf Husbandry, nor for Horses or other Cattle going to or returning fom being shod or farried, or to or from Work in cultivating the Lands within the Parishes through which the Roads pass, or going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places, if they shall not pass upon the Road more than Two Miles, nor for any Horse or other Beast which shall only cross such Road and shall not pass above One hundred Yards thereon, nor for Officers or Soldiers upon march or duty, nor for their Arms or Baggage, nor for wounded, sick, or disabled Officers or Soldiers, nor for Public Stores, nor for any Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry or Volunteer Infantry in going to or returning from Exercise, nor for any Constable or Policeman, or any Magistrate commanding and accompanying him, nor for any Vagrant or Prisoner sent by legal Warrant, nor for any Person going to or returning from voting-at any Election for the Counties of Louth, Monaghan, and Armagh, §40.]

Cap. cxiii.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Town of Rickmersworth, in the County of Hertford, through the Village of Pinner, to or near the Sxoan Public House at Sudbury Common, in the Turnpike Road leading from Harrow to London, (d) [29th May 1830.]

[49 G. 3. c.li. repealed, §1. Tolls to be paid but once a Day for passing and repassing through the same Gate, §9. Penalty of Forty Shillings for hanging out Clothes, &c. near the Road, §15.]

Cap. cxiv.

An Act to improve the Road through the Town of Bromley in the County of Kent.

[29th May 1830.]

[Powers of TGA. c*cxxv. extended to this Act, §1.]

Cap. cxv.

An Act for the further Improvement and Support of the Passage across the Frith of Forth called the Queensferry.

[17th June 1830.]

Cap. cxvi.

An Act for paving, lighting, watching, watering, cleansing, repairing, widening, and otherwise improving the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places within the Town of Yeovil in the County of Somerset, and for regulating the Police thereof.

[17th June 1830.]

[Saving the Rights of the Lord of the Manor of Yeovil, §121.]

49 G. S» c. lxxxiii *

524

Cap. cxvii.

An Act to amend Two Acts of His late Majesty for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Town of Dovor, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

[17th June 1830.]

[Powers of 18 G. 3. c. 76. and 50 G.3. c.xxvi. extended to this Actf § 1. Ships in His Majesty's Service, the Customs, Excise, or Post Office, exempted from Duties, §59.] *

Cap. cxviii.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of Wide Streets to widen and improve certain Ways, Streets, and Passages in and about the City and County of Dublin; and to amend and extend the Provisions of Two Acts passed in the Forty-seventh and Fifty-seventh Years of the Reign of His late Majesty, for improving and rendering more commodious such Parts of the County and County of the City of Dublin as are situate on the South Side of the River Anna Liffey, and West of His Majesty's Castle of Dublin.

[17th June 1830.]

[Clauses and Provisions of S\ G.2. c. 19. 33 G.2. c. 15. 7 G.3. c. 7. 21 Sf 22 G.3. c. 17. 23 % 24 G.3. c-31. 26G.S.C. 32. 27 G. 3. c. 43. 30 G. 3. c. 19. 36 G. 3. c. 54. 39G.S. c. 53. 40G.S.

c. 61. Irish Acts, and 47 G. 3. Sess. 2. c.lxxiv. and 57 G- 3. c.xxxix. (U. K.) (except as hereby altered) extended to this Act,

Cap. cxix.

An Act for more effectually maintaining, improving, and extending the Harbour of Dundee in the County of Forfar.

[17th June 1830.]

[55 G. 3. c.xcvii. and 59 G. 3. c.ciii. repealed, §1. Ships in the Service of His Majesty, or of the Ordnance, Customs, Excise, or Post Office, exempted from Duties, §50. Saving the Rights of the Magistrates and Town Council of Dundee, §80 .; and of the Community, Burgesses, and Inhabitants of Perth, §81.]

Cap. cxx.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the completing the Harbour of Cour-town, near Brenoguehead, in the County of Wexford.

[17th June 1830.]

[5 G.4. c.cxxii. repealed so far only as it limits the Sum to be borrowed on the Rates to 60001. Commissioners of the Harbour empowered to borrow 20,000l. — § 1. Provisions of that Act (except as altered) extended to this Act, §2.]

Cap. cxxi.

An Act for enlarging, improving, and maintaining the Port and Harbour of Perth; for improving the Navigation of the River Tay to the said City; and for other Purposes therewith connected.

[17th June 1830.]

[Kijig's Ships and Stores exempted from Duties, §15. Saving the Rights of the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of Perth and of the Earl of Kinnoul and others, § 47-]

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. cxxii — cxxvii.

Cap. cxxii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from Lough Corrib to the Bay of Galway, and for the Improvement of the Harbour of Galway.

[17th June 1830.]

Cap. cxxiii.

An Act for improving the Harbour of Port Glasgow, constructing a Wet Dock or Wet Docks adjacent thereto, and for altering the Road leading from Pori Glasgow to Glasgow near the said Harbour.

[17th June 1830.]

[Powers of 12 G.3. c. 16. and 41 G. 3. c.lii. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1. Vessels employed in His Majesty's Service exempted from Duties, §40. Saving the Rights of the Magistrates, Town Council, and Inhabitants of Dumbarton, §79.]

Cap. cxxiv.

An Act for better supplying the Inhabitants of the Borough of Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, with Water, and to establish the Rates payable for the same.

[17th June 1830.]

[Saving the Rights of the Corporation of Macclesfield, $ 63 .; and of the Macclesfield Canal Company, §64.]

Cap. cxxv.

An Act for amending certain Acts for making the Glasgow and Garnkirk Railway, and for raising a farther Sum of Money.

[17th June 1830.]

[Powers of 7 G.4. c.ciii. and 7 Sf 8 G.4. c.lxxxviii. applied to this Act, { 1. Company empowered to raise or borrow a further Sum of Money not exceeding 21, 150/. — § 2.]

Cap. cxxvi.

An Act for the Improvement of the Shannon Navigation from the City of Limerick to Killaloe, by rebuilding the Bridge called Baal's Bridge, in the said City.

[17th June 1830.]

[Recites 2 G.l. c. 12. 31 G.2. c. 20. 33 G.2. c. 15. 7 G. 3. c. 26. and 53 G.3. c. 144. amending Irish Act 40 G.3. c. 51. — $ 1.]

Cap. cxxvii.

An Act for establishing a Floating Bridge over the Harbour of Dartmouth, from or near to Lower Sand Quay Point to Old Rock in the County of Devon, and for building Quays and Landing Places, and for making Roads and Approaches thereto, with Branches therefrom.

[17th June 1830.]

[Securing the Rights of the Duchy of Cornwall, §2. No more than Two full Tolls to be taken for Horses, fyc. c. passing once a Day along the Bridge, and the whole of the Roads, Avenues, and Branches, §50. The Royal Family, Mails, Soldiers on march or duty, their Arms and Baggage, Public Stores, Vagrants sent by Passes, Volunteers on march or duty, or going to or returning from Exercise, Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry going to or returning from Exercise, exempted from Toll, §51. No Toll to be

taken

525

taken on the Road between the Ship in Dock Inn and Lower Sand Quay, §60. No Ferry to be used within a certain Distance of the Bridge, §78. No other Bridge to be erected for general Passage within Three Miles, §79. Saving the Rights of the Duchy of Cornwall and of Lords of Manors and Owners of Lands on either Side of the Harbour, f 99.]

Cap. cxxviii.

An Act for maintaining and repairing the Road leading from the City of Glasgow, through Cowcaddens, to the North End of the Bridge over that Part of the River of Kelvin called the Milnford of Garscube; and for making, repairing, and maintaining the Road leading from Blackquarry Toll Bar by Possil to the Bridge across the River AUander at Langbank in the Counties of Lanark and Stirling, (e) [17th June 1830.]

[49 G.3. c.xxx. repealed, §1. Powers of 4 GA. c. 49. extended to this Act, §2. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at any Turnpike within Four Miles where first Payment was made, §18. Tolls to be taken for new Loadingifof more than One Hundred Weight, §19. One Half of the Tolls only to be paid for Dung, §22. No Toll to be taken on the Road from Glasgow to the Mihford of Garscube, nor between Blackquarry Tou Bar and Glasgow, §24. Regulations as to Carnage of Timber and Stone, §36. Lights to be skreened at Night, § 37*]

Cap. cxxix.

An Act 16r rebuilding the Bridges over the Rivers Spey and Find-horn, for making Accesses thereto, and for making and maintaining certain new Roads in the County of Elgin, (e)

[17th June 183a] [Powers of 4 G.4. c. 49. applied to this Act, §1.]

Cap. cxxx.

An Act for more effectually repwring the Read from Ashborne in the County of Derby to a Messuage or Public House in the Occupation of John Frost, near Belpar Bridge, in the said County of Derby, (d) [17th June 183a]

[4 G.3. c. 82. 25 G.3. c. 121. and 47 G.3. Sess. 1. c.ui. repealed, §1. Tolls to be paid only once a Day at same Gate, § 7-Two whole Tolls and a Hoff only to be taken on the whole Road in One Day, §8. Manure (except Lime), Materials far Bridges, Toll Houses, and Gates, exempted from Toll, §12. No Exemption allowed in respect of Carriages having the Nails of the Ttrt projecting more than One Quarter of an Inch, or Wheels of less Breadth than Four and a Half Inches, §13. No more Money to be expended on each Road than is collected thereon, §19.]

Cap. cxxxi.

An Act for repairing and otherwise improving die Road from Beverley, by Molescroft, to Kendell House, and the Road from Molescroft to Bainton Balk, in the County of YonL (d)

[23d June 183a]

527

[6 G. 3, c. 59- 27 G.S. c. 86, and 48 G, 3. c.xxvii. repealed, §1. ToJk to be paid once a Day only at the same Gate, §7. TWfc no/ to be applied in the Repair of Brandi Road unless Gates are erected thereon, §12. Jblfo no/ /o be laid out in repairing the Streets, §14.]

Cap. cxxxii.

An Act for prohibiting Burying and Funeral Service in a Chapel of Ease intended to be built for the Parish of Saint George Bloomsbury in the County of Middlesex.

[16th July 1830.]

Cap. cxxxiii.

An Act for empowering the Marquis of Bute to make and maintain a Ship Canal, commencing near the Mouth of the Aiver Taff in the County of Glamorgan and terminating near the Town of Cardiff, with other Works to communicate therewith.

[16th July 1830.]

[Ships in His Majesty's Service exempted from Duties, §37. General Saving, §85. Saving the Rights of the Bailiffs of Cardiff, § 86 .; and of the Glamorganshire Caned Company, §87.]

Cap. cxxxiv.

An Act for establishing and maintaining the Harbour of Port Crommelin in the Bay of Cushendun in the County of Antrim.

[16th July 1830.] [Vessels in His Majesty's Service exempted from Duties, §17.]

Cap. cxxxv.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Forty-first Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for more effectually improving and maintaining the old Harbour of Rye in the County of Sussex; and to appoint new Commissioners; and to enable the Commissioners to raise additional Funds on the Tolls, by way of Mortgage or otherwise.

[16th July 1830.]

[Powers of 41 G.3. c.liii. to extend to this Act, except as hereby altered or repealed, §1.]

Cap. cxxxvi.

An Act to amend an Act of His late Majesty, for more effectually draining and preserving certain Marsh Lands or Low Grounds in the Parishes of Sandhurst, Newenden, Rolvenden, Tenterden, Wittersham, Ebony, Woodchurch, Appledore, and Stone, in the County of Kent, and Ticehurst, Salehurst, Bodiam, Ewhurst, Northiam, Becfcly, Peasmarsh, Iden, and Playden, in the County of Sussex.

[16th July 1830.]

[The Provisions of 7 G.4. c. cxxii. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1. Saving the Rights of the Crown, §21.]

Cap. cxxxvii.

An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one an Act passed in the Ninth Year

of

of His late Majesty's Reign, to enable His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey to nominate and appoint Two or more Persons to act as Principal Land Coal Meters within and for the several Places therein mentioned.

[16th July 1830.]

[This Act to commence on the Expiration of 9 GA. c.lxv., and both Acts then to continue as in Title, §5.]

Cap. cxxxviii.

An Act for amending and continuing an Act for repairing Roads in the County of Renfrew, and for altering the Line of Road between Glasgow and Kilmarnock in the said County.

[16th July 1830.]

[This Act and 6 G. 4. c. cviii. to endure for 31 Years after the passing, and to the End of the then next Session, §17.]

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. Pr. C. 1 — 8.

529

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE KING'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

N.B. To each of these Acts is annexed a Clause in the Form following:

"And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the several Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty duly authorized to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom; and that a Copy thereof so printed by any of them shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others."

Cap. 1.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Kingston, near Letves, and Iford, in the County of Smses.

[23d March 1830.]

[Allotments to he made to Lords of Manors for their Rights of Soil, §22. Allotments to be titheable, or not, as the Lands for which they are allotted, §37. General Saving, §44.]

Cap. 2.

An Act for inclosing the Forest of Roach otherwise Roche otherwise Neroach otherwise Neroche, in the Parishes of Broadway, Bickenhall, Beercrocombe, IUon, Barrington, Ashill, Jlminster, Whitelackington, Curland, Donyatt, Isle-Abbott* > Hatch-Beau-champ, and the Tithing of Domett in the Parish of Buckland Saint Mary, or some or one of them, in the County of Somerset.

[8th April 1830.]

[Allotments to be fenced at the Expence of the Proprietors, §35. Allotments to be made to Rectors or Vicars in lieu of Tithes, §40. Rectors and Vicars may lease their Allotments with Consent of the Bishop and Patron for Twenty-one Years, to commence within Twelve Calendar Months from passing of Act, §43. Saving of Rights of Lords of Manors, §54. General Saving, §55.]

Cap. 3.

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moss and other Grounds in the Manors and Townships of Out Rawcliffe and Middle Rawcliffe, and Stalmine with Stainall, in the Parishes of Saint 11 Geq. IV. & 1 Gul. IV. M m Michael-

590

Tr.C.S, 1, 5- 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1890.

MichaeFupon- Wyer And Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[8th 1830]

[4t/otromt5 to be made for Drains, Bridges, Roads, and Materials for Roads, § 28 .; amf to tAe Lords of the Manors of Out Raw-cljffe, Middle Ratodiffe, Slalmine with Stainall, § 29 .; oiut

/or Persons having Rights if Turbary in Out Rawdiffe and Middle Ratodiffe, and in Stalmine with Stainall, § 90* Compensation to be made to Persons having Right <f Turbary for ancient Houses standing in any other Township besides Out Raw-diffe, Middle Rawcliffe, and Stalmine with Stainall, $ SI. Persons entitled to get Turves may have Dales set out for that Purpose in lieu f last-mentioned Allotments, upon giving due Notice to Commissioners, §32. Allotments (except those for digging Turves) to be fenced at the Expence if tike several Proprietors, §34. Saving for the Lords of the Manors if Out Rawdiffe, Middle Raxvcliffe, and Stalmine with Stainall, §52. General Saving, §53.]

Cap. 4.

An Act for inclosing Lands and extinguishing Tithes in the Parish of Haddenham in the County of Buckingham.

[8th April 1830.]

[.Allotments to be made for Materials for Roads, and /or Watering Places, § 35 .; and to the Lady if the Manor for Right if Sou, § 36 .; and for Rectorial and Vicarial Tithes, § 37*; and for Moduses and Compositions real, §38. Allotments for Tithes and Moduses, &c. to be apportioned, § 39* Proprietors if old Indo-sures, not having sufficient Open Field Lands, to make Compensation in Money for their Tithes, §42. Power for Tenants for Life if old Inclosures to charge their Estates with a Compensation for Tithes, §43. Part if inclosed Lands may be given by Consent to commute for Tithes of the Remainder, §44. Farm Buddings to be erected on the Allotments to Rectors, §45.

Power for the Vicar to grant Leases for Twenty-one Years under the usual Restrictions, §46. Farm Buildings to be erected on the Vicars Allotment, §47. Allotments to the Rectors to be fenced at the general Expence; and the other Allotments at the Expence of the Owners, §50. Saving Manorial Rights, j 84. General Saving, §85.]

Cap. 5.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wistow in the County of Huntingdon, and for extinguishing the Tithes in the said Parish.

[3d May 1830.]

[Power* of 41 G. 3. c. 109. and 1 # 2 G. 4. c. 23. extended to this Act,

§ 1. Allotment to be set outfor Materials for Repair of Highways, &c.-§ 21. Allotment for the Poor of Wistow, J 22 .; and to the Lord of the Manor, § 23 .; and to the Rector in lieu if Glebe,

§ 24. Compensation to be made by a Corn Rent in lieu of Tithes,

§ 25. Rector may lease his Allotment with Consent of the Bishop and Patron for Twenty-one Years, to commence within Twelve Months after passing if Act, §34. Allotments to be fenced as the Commissioners shall appoint, §36. Rector's Allotments to be ring-fenced at the general Expence, § 37* Saving the Rights of the Betford Level Cotporation, §62. General Saving, §63.]

531

Cap. 6.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Tithings of Arle and Arlestone otherwise Allstone in the Parish of Cheltenham in the County of Gloucester, and for discharging from Tithes Lands in the said Tithings.

[Sd May 1830.]

[.Allotments to be set out for Grand Pits and Quarries for Mate* rialsfor Roads, § 29 .; and to the Lord of the Manor of Cheltenham, §30. Allotments to be made to the Impropriate Rectors in lieu of Great and Small Tithes, §31. Proprietors not having sufficient Allotments to make Compensation for Tithes in Money, §32. Tithes which have been purchased by the respective Proprietors of Estates out of which they arise, to be extinguished, §34. General Saving, $55.]

Cap. 7.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Stanley Saint Leonards otherwise Leonard Stanley and Eastington, or one of them, in the County of Gloucester, and for discharging from Tithes Lands in the said Parish of Stanley Saint Leonards otherwise Leonard Stanley.

[Sd May 1830.]

[Allotments to be made for Gravd Pits and Quarries for furnishing Materials for Roads, , fyc. c. — $ 28. Allotment to the Lords of the Manor, §29.5 and to the perpetual Curate in lieu of Tithes, §30. Tithe Allotment to be ring fenced at the general Expence, §33. Perpetual Curate may lease his Allotment with Consent of Bishop and Patron for Twenty-one Years, to commence within Twelve Calendar Months after passing of Act, §34. General Saving, §59.]

Cap. 8.

An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Parish of Caxton in the County of Cambridge.

[29th May 1830.]

[Allotment to the Impropriators and their Lessee for Glebe and Common Rights, §28. Allotments to be made for Tithes, § 29 .; and for Stone, Gravel, and Clay Pits, § 31 .; and in lieu of Right of Soil, §32. Other Allotments to be fenced at the general Expence, §34. Allotments to the Impropriators and their Lessee, to be fenced at the Expence f the other Proprietors, §36. Vicar may lease his Allotment with Consent (f Bishop and Patron for Twenty-one Years, to commence within Twelve Calendar Months after passing of Act, §52. General Saving, §66.]

Cap. 9.

An Act for dividing and allotting Lands within the Parishes of Weston Zoyland and Middlezoy in the County of Somerset.

[29th May 1830.]

[Tithes in Weston Zoyland to be abolished, and Compensation made for them by a Corn Rent, §22. Saving the Rights of the Lord of the Manor of Weston Zoyland, §43. General Saving of all other Rights, k 44.]

532

Pr. C. 10 — 13. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Cap. 10.

An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Parish of Whaddon, including the Hamlet of Nath, in the County of Buckingham.

[29th May 1830.]

[.Allotment to be made to the Lord of the Manor of Whaddon and Nash, § 35 .; and to Impropriators for Glebe, $ 36 .; and to the Vicar of Whaddon for Glebe, §37. Allotments to be made for great and small Tithes, §38. Allotments to Impropriators and Vicar to be fenced at the general Expence, §42. Other Allot* merits to be fenced by Proprietors, §46. Vicar of Whaddon may lease his Allotment with Consent of Patrons and Bishop for Twenty-one Years, to commence within Twelve Calendar Months after passing of Act, §58. Act not to extend to Whaddon Chase, §70. Saving the Rights of the Lord of the Manor of Whaddon and Nash, §71. General Saving, §72.]

Cap. 11.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing, and for exonerating from Tithes Lands within the Township or Hamlet of Dedds-thorpe otherwise Derrythorpe in the Parish of AUhorye in the Isle of Axholme in the County of Lincoln.

[29th may 1830.]

{Powers of 41 G. 3. c. 109. and 1 Sf 2 G.4. c. 23. (except as hereby altered) extended to this Act, §1. Allotment to be made to the Lord of the Manor for Right of Soil, §31. Allotment to be made for great and small Tithes, §32. Tithe Allotments to be fenced at the Expence of the other Proprietors, §35. Rector may lease his Allotment with Consent of Patron and Bishop for Twenty-one Years, to commence within Twelve Calendar Months after passing of Act, §39. Saving to the Lord of the Manor if Epworth, §56. General Saving, §57.]

Cap. 12.

An Act for inclosing certain Lands in the Parish of Hagley, in the County of Worcester.

[29th May 1830.]

{Allotments to be made for Stone and Gravel Pits for repairing Roads, &c. — § 19. Allotment to the Lord of the Manor of Hagley in lieu of his Right of Soil, § 20 .; and for Right of Warren, §22. Rector's Allotment to be ringfenced at the general Expence, §26. Rector may lease his Allotment with Consent of Bishop and Patron for Twenty-one Years, to commence within Twelve Calendar Months after passing f Act, §27. Allotments for Stone and Gravel Pits to be inclosed at the general Expence, §28. General Saving of Rights, §52.]

Cap. 13.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Blacktoft, Gilber-dike, and Faxfleet, in the Parish or Parochial Chapelry of Blacktoft and in the Parishes of Eastrington and South Cave, in the East Riding of the County of York.

[29th May 1830.]

{The Vicar, with the Consent of the Bishop and Patron, may lease Allotments for Twenty-one Years, to commence within Twelve Calendar Months after passing of Act, §25. The Vicar

of

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. iV.C. IS — 17.

533

of Eastrington not to grant Leases 'without the Consent of His Majesty, § 27* Allotments to he fenced at the Expence of the Proprietors, §34. Saving the Rights of the Lords of the Manors of Howden and Howdenshire and Faxfieet, §56. General Saving, §57.]

Cap. 14.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Great Strickland and Thrimby in the Parish of Morland in the County of Westmorland.

[29th May 1830.]

[Allotment to be made to the Surveyors of Highways within the Townships of Great Strickland and Thrimby, §20. Allotment to the Lord for Right of Soil, § 21 .; and to Vicar in lieu of Small Tithes, §23. Surveyor's and Vicars Allotments to be fenced at the Expence of the other Proprietors, §26. Vicar of Morland may lease his Allotment with Consent of the Patrons and Bishop for Twenty-one Years, to commence within Twelve Calendar Months of the passing of Act, §35. Saving to the Lord of the Manor his Seigniories and Royalties, §44. General Saving, §46.]

Cap. 15.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Standon in the County of Hertford.

[29th May 1830.]

[Allotment to be set out for Gravel, , fyc. c. for Repairs of Highways, , fyc. c. — J 29 .; and for the Lords of the several Manors for Right of Soil, § 30 .; and to the Vicar in lieu of Glebe, §31. Vicar may lease his Allotment with Consent of Bishop and Patron for Twenty-one Years, to commence within Twelve Months after passing of Act, §32. Allotment for Glebe, to be fenced at general Expence, §39. Saving of Manorial Rights to the Lords of the Manors, §65. General Saving, §66.]

Cap. 16.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the several Parishes of Kidwelly> Saint Mary in Kidwelly, Saint Ishmael and Pembrey in the County of Carmarthen.

[29th May 1830.]

[Allotment to be set out for Gravel, , fyc. c.for repair of Highways, &c.- — § 27 .; and to the Lord of the Lordship of Kidwelly for Right of Soil, §28. Saving the Rights of the Lord of the Manor of Kidwelly, §54. General Saving, §56.]

Cap. 17.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Monks Risborough, lit the County of Buckingham.

[29th May 1830.]

[Allotment to be made for Road Materials, § 34 .; and to Lord of the Manor of Monks Risborough for Right of Soil, $ 35 .; and to Trustees for the Poor for Fuel, § 36 .; and to the Rector in lieu of Glebe, § 39 .; and for Tithes, §40. Commutation to be made for the Rector s Right to Fuel from Monkton Woods, §46. The Allotments for Roads, to the Rector, and for the Poor, to be fenced at the Expence of all the Proprietors except the Rector,

Mm3 § 53.

534

Pr.C. 17-23. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 180.

§ 53. Rector math *vith Consent. o/* Archbishop of Canterbury, grant leases for Twenty-one Years, to commence within Twelve Calendar Months after passing of Act, §81. General Saving, §85.3

Cap. 18.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Kingsbury Episcopi in the County of Somerset [29th May 1880.]

[Allotment to the Lord of the Manor of Kingsbury Episcopi, § 19 .; and to the Lord of the Manor of East Lambrook, §20. Saving the Rights of the Lord of the Manor if Kingsbury Episcoph § 42. General Saving, §43.]

Cap. 19.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Little Addington in the County of Northampton [29th May 1830.]

[Allotment to be made to the Lord of the Manor of Little Addington for Right if Soil, § 26 .; and to the Vicar for Glebe, § 27 .; and for Tubes, §28. Allotments to be in lieu of all Glebe and Tithes, §29. Tithe and Glebe Allotments to be fenced at the Expence of all the Proprietors except the Vicar, §31. Vicar may lease hts Allotment with Consent of Bishop and Patron for Twenty-one Years, to commence within Twelve Calendar Months after passing if Act, §45. General saving f Rights, j 64*3

Cap. 20.

An Act for vesting certain Parts of the Real Estates, devised by the Will of John Williams Esquire, deceased, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, in Trust to carry into execution a Contract entered into for Sale thereof, and to apply the Money arising from such Sale in manner therein mentioned.

[29th May 1880.]

[Saving the Rights of His Majesty and others, §4.]

Cap. 21.

An Act to vest a Part of the entailed Estate of Dunure and others, in the County of Ayr, in Trustees in Fee Simple, for the Purpose of disposing of, or applying the Lands so vested, or the Price thereof, or the Securities to be granted thereon, towards satisfying the Debts contracted for Money laid out in the Improvement of the said entailed Estate.

[29th May 1830.]

[General Saving, §13.]

Cap. 22.

An Act for enabling the Bishop of London to grant Building Leases of certain Estates belonging to the said See.

[29th May 1830.]

[General Saving, §6.]

Cap. 23.

An Act for vesting the legal Estate in certain Estates, late of Ann Budgen, formerly vested in Elizabeth Pedder deceased, in Mortgage

535

gage in Edward Rawlings, the present Mortgagee and Trustee of the Equity of Redemption thereof.

[29th May 1830.]

[General Saving of Rights, §2.]

Cap. 24.

An Act to enable the Trustees under the Marriage Settlement of Bouchier Marshall Clerk, deceased, and Elizabeth his Wife, also deceased, to effect a Sale of the Advowson of the Church of Bow otherwise Nymet Tracey, in the County of Devon.

[29th May 1830.]

[General Saving of Rights, §7.]

Cap. 25.

An Act to enable the Wardens and Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and GoodB of the Free Grammar School of Sir Roger Cholmaley Knight, in Highgate, to pull down their present Chapel, and to contribute towards the Erection of a new Chapel or Church in Highgate, and for other Purposes.

[17th June 1830.]

[Saving His Majesty's Rights, §16.]

Cap. 26.

An Act for the Resettlement of certain Interest? in the Trust Estate of William Browne deceased, and for other Purposes.

[17th June 1830.]

[Saving the Rights of His Majesty and others, §9.]

Cap. 27.

An Act for selling the entailed Lands and Estates of Gordons-town and others in the County of Elgin and Forres, belonging 1 to Sir William Gordon Gordon Camming Baronet, or so much thereof as may be necessary, and to apply the Price arising therefrom in the Payment of the Debts affecting, or that may be made to affect, the said Lands and Estates.

[17th June 1830.]

Cap. 28.

An Act to enable Sir William Puroes Hume Campbell of Marchmont, Baronet, and the Heirs of Entail of the Lands and Barony . of Greenlaw, in the County of Berwick, to grant Feus of Parts . of the said Lands and Barony.

[17th June 1830.]

[Saving the Rights of His Majesty and others, §7.]

Cap. 29.

An Act for exchanging a Fee-simple Estate belonging to Edward Dyke Poore Esquire, situate at Aldington, in the County of Wilis, for an Estate under Settlement, devised by the Will of the late Edward Poore Esquire, situate at North Tidworth, in the same County, and for authorizing the Investment of a Sum of Money in the Purchase of other Lands to be settled to the like Uses.

[17th June 1830.]

[General Saving of Rights, §8.]

536

iV.C. 30 — 35. 11° GEO. IV, & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Cap. 30.

An Act for vesting the Estates in the County of Lincoln, devised by the Will of Mary Hutton deceased, in Trustees, upon Trust to sell the same, and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sales in the Purchase of more convenient Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

[17th June 1830.]

[General Saving of Rights, §8.]

Cap. 31.

An Act for vesting the settled Estates of the Most Honourable George Augustus Francis Raxodon Hastings, Marquis of Hastings, situate in Scotland, in the said Marquis in fee.

[17th June 1830.]

[General Saving, §4.]

Cap. 32.

An Act for confirming a Partition made by George Marmaduke Alington and Samuel Rotoe Esquires, of Estates in the County of Lincoln, devised in undivided Moieties by the respective Wills of Sarah Rowe and Elizabeth Rowe deceased.

[17th June 1830.] [Saving the Rights of His Majesty and others, §5.]

Cap. 33.

An Act for carrying into effect a Contract entered into for the Sale of certain Freehold and Leasehold Estates in the Parishes of Merthyr Maur, Saint Brides Major, and Coitee, in the County of Glamorgan, the Estate of Richard Franklen Esquire, to the Right Honourable Sir John NichoU Knight; and for applying the Money thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates sold.

[17th June 1830.]

[General Saving, §6.]

Cap. 34.

An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by and settled to the Uses of the Wills of James Gordon Esquire, and of his Son James Gordon Esquire, both deceased, situate in the Counties of Hertford and Somerset, and in the Island of Antigua in the West Indies, in Trustees to be sold, and for laying out the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates; and for other Purposes.

[17th June 1830.]

[General Saving, §10.]

Cap. 35.

An Act for empowering George William Duke of Argyll and his Trustee to borrow a Sum of Money, and to makeit a Charge on the Estate of Argyll, upon certain Conditions.

[17th June 1830.]

[General Saving, §20.]

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. Pr.C. 36 — 41.

537

Cap. 36.

An Act for authorizing Leases to be granted of such of the Estates in the County of Cornwall as were devised by the Will of Sir Christopher Hawkins Baronet, deceased, to Christopher Henry Thomas Hawkins, an Infant, during his Life.

[23d June 1830.]

[General Saving, §9.]

Cap. 37-

An Act for authorizing the granting of Building and other Leases of Freehold Ground and Hereditaments, late the Property of Dame Mary Evelyn deceased, in the Parishes of Saint Paul and Saint Nicholas Deptford in the County of Kent.

[23d June 1830.]

[General Saving, §14.]

Cap. 38.

An Act for renewing, granting, and confirming certain Powers and Authorities to Sir Peter Pole Baronet, given or limited by the Will of Sir Charles Pole Baronet, deceased, and an Indenture of Release affecting his Estates in the County of Southampton.

[23d June 1830.]

[General Saving9 § 2.]

Cap. 39.

An Act for exchanging the Estates in the County of Northampton, of which the Most Noble Walter Francis Douglas Montagu Duke of Buccleuch and Queensberry is Tenant in Tail, under the Will of the Most Noble John late Duke of Montagu deceased, for some of his settled Estates in the Counties of Lancaster and York, of which he is Tenant for Life under the Will of the Most Noble Elizabeth late Duchess of Buccleuch and Queensberry deceased.

[23d June 1830.]

[General Saving, §5.]

Cap. 40.

An Act for vesting an Estate at Liverpool in the County of Lancaster devised and settled by the Will of Moses Benson Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sale in the Purchase of Estates to be settled to the same Uses.

[16th July 1830.]

[General Saving Clause, §10.]

Cap. 41.

An Act for vesting Estates, of which Gifford Warriner Esquire, a Lunatic, is Tenant in Tail, in Trustees, for Sale, and also for effecting a Partition of certain Parts thereof, and for granting Leases.

[16th July 1830.]

[General Saving, §22.]

688

Pr. C. 42 — 47. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Cap. 42.

An Act to enable the Guardian of the Right Honourable Richard Lord Cremome, an Infant, to carry into effect a Contract entered into for the Purchase of Roclccorry Castle and adjoining Lands in the County of Monaghan in Ireland.

[16th July 1830.]

Cap. 43.

An Act to authorize the granting of Mining and Building Leases of certain Parts of the Estates subject to the Trusts of the Will of Benjamin Hall Esquire, deceased.

[16th July 1830.]

[General Saving, §11.]

Cap. 44.

An Act to authorize the granting of Leases of Lands, Parcel of the Prebend of Stoke Neoton or Newnton, otherwise Newington, in the County of Middlesex, founded in the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul, in London, to the Governor and Company of the New River brought from Chadwell and Amwetl to London, and for empowering the Prebendary of the said Prebend and the Rector of the Rectory or Parsonage of Stoke Newington respectively to grant Building Leases, and for other Purposes.

[16th July 1830.]

[General Saving, §18.]

Cap. 45.

An Act to enable John Buckle Esquire, or other Committee of the Estate of William Buckle a Lunatic, for and in the Name and on Behalf of the said William Buckle, to consent to the Exercise of a Power of Sale over Estates settled on the said William Buckle for his Life, and which Power is exercisable with the Consent of the said William Buckle.

[16th July 1830.]

[General Saving, §3.]

Cap. 46.

An Act to enable the Devisees under the last Will and Testament of the Right Honourable Henry Lord Mount-Sandford deceased, to make Leases of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments lately in the Possession of the said Henry Lord Mount-Sandford, and devised by his said Will, and also to enable the said Devisees to execute a Conveyance to the Rector of Kilkevan of a certain Piece of Ground situate in the Parish of Kilkevan and County of Roscommon.

[16th July 1830.]

[General Saving, §15.]

Cap. 47.

An Act for establishing and carrying into Execution the Trusts created by, thq l$gt Will and Testament of John Gwyn late of the City of Londonderry, Merchant, deceased; and for incorporating the Trustees therein named; and for other Purposes.

[16th July 1830.]

[General Saving, §22.]

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. Pr. C. 48, 49, 30.

539

Cap. 48.

An Act for the Improvement of the Town of Greenwich in the County of Kent, and for the better Regulation of Roan's Charity there.

[16th July 1830.]

[General Saving Clause, §95.]

Cap. 49.

An Act to amend an Act of King George the Third, intituled An Act for inclosing Lands im the Manor of Meltham in the Parish of Almondbury in the West Riding of the County of York.

[16th July 1830.]

[Powers $f 57 G. 3. c* 10. (Pr*) except as hereby altered, extended to this Act, §22.]

Cap. 50.

An Act to effect an Exchange of Part of the Estates in the County of Durham, devised by the Will and Codicil of William Russell Esquire, deceased, for Part of the Estates comprised in the Settlement made in pursuance of the Articles upon the Marriage of the Most Honourable Charles William Vane Marquess of Londonderry with the Most Honourable Frances Ann Vane Marchioness or Londonderry.

[23d July 1830.]

[General Saving Clause, (14.]

[INDEX removed.]

