THE

STATUTES

OF

THE UNITED KINGDOM

OF

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND,

10 GEORGE IV. 1829.

LONDON:

Printed by His Majesty's Statute and Law Printers;

And sold by S. Booth, Law Bookseller and Publisher, 194. Fleet-Street.

1829.

(Price 15s. in Boards.)

A

TABLE

Containing the TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

Passed in the THIRD Session of the EIGHTH Parliament

OF

The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland;

10° GEORGII IV.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

1. AN Act for the Suppression of dangerous Associations or Assemblies in Ireland. Page 1

2. An Act for continuing to His Majesty for One Year certain Duties on Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine. 5

3. An Act for applying certain Sums of Money for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine. 6

4. An Act for raising the Sum of Twelve Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine. Ibid.

5. An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore. Ibid.

6. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. 9

7. An Act for the Relief of His Majesty's Roman Catholic Subjects. 49

8. An Act to amend certain Acts of the Parliament of Ireland relative to the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, and to regulate the Qualification of Persons entitled to vote at the Election of Knights of the Shire in Ireland. 59

9. An Act for fixing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty, the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers. 71

10. An Act to suspend, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom, and to reduce the permanent Staff, and regulate the Allowances of Serjeants hereafter appointed. 74

11. An Act to continue for Two Years an Act made in the Fifty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland. Page 76

12. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes respectively until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty. Ibid.

13. An Act to provide for Monies paid into Court under Acts afterwards repealed. 80

14. An Act for repealing several Acts relating to the Charity for the Relief of the Poor Widows of Commissioned and Warrant Officers in the Royal Navy, and for substituting other Provisions in lieu thereof. 81

15. An Act to facilitate the Public Business in certain Cases in the Navy and Victualling Departments. 84

16. An Act to continue the Operation of an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for suspending the Provisions of an Act of His late Majesty respecting the Appointment of Writers in the Service of the East India Company; and to amend the Provisions of an Act of the Forty-seventh Year of His late Majesty, so far as they relate to the Period of Residence at Hertford College as a Qualification for certain Offices. 85

17. An Act to continue, until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, certain Acts relating to the Island of Newfoundland, and the Fisheries carried on upon the Banks and Shores thereof. 86

18. An Act to explain, amend, and alter the Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Care and Treatment of Insane Persons in England. Ibid.

19. An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, intituled An Act concerning the Registration of Seisins and Reversions of Tenements within Burgh. 90

20. An Act to carry into Execution the Stipulations of a Convention between His Majesty and His Catholic Majesty, for the Settlement of certain British Claims upon Spain, and of certain Spanish Claims upon the United Kingdom. 91

21. An Act to continue Compositions for the Assessed Taxes for a further Term of One Year. 97

22. An Act to provide until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four, for the Government of His Majesty's Settlements in Western Australia, on the Western Coast of New Holland. 98

23. An Act to impose Duties on the Importation of Silk and Silk Goods, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof. 99

24. An Act to enable the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities and Annuities for Terms of Years. 103

25. An Act to provide for the better Management of the Affairs of Greenwich Hospital. 123

26. An Act for transferring the Management of Greenwich Out-Pensions, and certain Duties in Matters of Prize, to the Treasurer of the Navy. 142

27. An Act to amend the several Acts for regulating the Reduction of the National Debt. Page 160

28. An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund and the Surplus of Ways and Means to the Service of the year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine. 164

29. An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; and to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Serjeant Majors of the Militia, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty. Ibid.

30. An Act to continue and amend the Laws relating to Yeomanry Corps in Ireland. 177

31. An Act for funding Three Millions of Exchequer Bills. 178

32. An Act to enable One or more of the Commissioners of Excise to act for the Dispatch of Business for Scotland and Ireland respectively. 187

33. An Act to amend the several Acts for the Encouragement of the Irish Fisheries. 189

34. An Act for consolidating and amending the Statutes in Ireland relating to Offences against the Person. 190

35. An Act to prevent Arrests upon Mesne Process where the Debt or Cause of Action is under Twenty Pounds, and to regulate the Practice of Arrests, in Ireland. 205

36. An Act to continue until the End of the next Session of Parliament, and to amend the Acts for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland. 209

37. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Coroners in Ireland. Ibid.

38. An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Attempts to murder in certain Cases in Scotland. 211

39. An Act for continuing to His Majesty, for One Year, certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine. 213

40. An Act to continue for One Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for providing for the repairing, maintaining, and keeping in Repair certain Roads and Bridges in Ireland. Ibid.

41. An Act to amend the Laws for the Regulation of the Butter Trade in Ireland. Ibid.

42. An Act to amend an Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for the Amendment of the Laws respecting Charitable Loan Societies in Ireland. 217

43. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Customs. 218

44. An Act for improving the Police in and near the Metropolis. 225

45. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, an Act for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace in and near the Metropolis. 245

46. An Act for more effectually executing an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for the better Regulation of Divisions in the several Counties of England and Wales. Page 247

47. An Act to continue for One Year, and until the End of the next Session of Parliament, and to amend, Two Acts made in the Forty-seventh and Fiftieth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the preventing improper Persons from having Arms in Ireland. 248

48. An Act to authorize the Sale and Transfer of the Stocks or Funds standing in the Books of the Bank of Ireland on account of the Office of the Clerk of the Pleas in the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, and the Payment and Application of the Produce of such Stocks or Funds to the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom. 249

49. An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty, the Provisions of an Act to allow Sugar to be delivered out of Warehouse to be refined. 250

50. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Management and Improvement of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks, and Chases; of the Land Revenue of the Crown within the Survey of the Exchequer in England; and of the Land Revenue of the Crown in Ireland; and for extending certain Provisions relating to the same to the Isles of Man and Alderney. 251

51. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Employment of Children in Cotton Mills and Factories. 310

52. An Act to extend the Powers of an Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Powers of Justices in determining Complaints between Masters and Servants, to Persons engaged in the Manufacture of Silk. 311

53. An Act to regulate the Duties, Salaries, and Emoluments of the Officers, Clerks, and Ministers of certain Ecclesiastical Courts in England. Ibid.

54. An Act for directing Reports to be made respecting Gaols in Scotland. 315

55. An Act for the more effectual Recovery of Small Debts, and for diminishing the Expences of Litigation in Causes of small Amount, in the Sheriff Courts in Scotland. 318

56. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Friendly Societies. 335

57. An Act to continue until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty the Powers of the Commissioners for inquiring concerning Charities in England and Wales. 355

58. An Act to repeal an Act of the Parliament of Ireland, of the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, for uniting several Parishes, and building several Parish Churches in more convenient Places, so far as relates to the Parishes of Oran and Drumtemple in the Diocess of Elphin. Ibid.

59. An Act to amend an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for consolidating the Trusts of the several Turnpike Roads in the Neighbourhood of the Metropolis, North of the River Thames, and to make and maintain Two New or Branch Roads to communicate with the said Metropolis Roads.356

60. An Act for raising the Sum of Thirteen millions four hundred thirty-eight thousand eight hundred Pounds for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. Page 376

61. An Act to amend an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for extending to Charing Cross, the Strand, and Places adjacent, the Powers of an Act for making a more convenient Communication from Mary-le-bone Park. 383

62. An Act to exclude Persons accepting Offices in the East Indies from being Members of the House of Commons. 395

63. An Act to render valid an Act to amend the Law relating to the Employment of Children in Cotton Mills and Factories.396

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLICK,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

i. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making and constructing certain Wet Docks, Warehouses, and other Works, in the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldgate, and in the Parish or Precinct of Saint Katharine near the Tower of London, in the County of Middlesex, and for extending the Powers and Provisions of the said Act. Page 397

ii. An Act for enabling the Edinburgh Gas Light Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

iii. An Act for repairing, improving, and maintaining in Repair the Road from Brandlesome Moss Gate, in the Township of Elton, to the Duke of York Public House in the Township of Blackburn, and a Branch Road therefrom, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster. 398

iv. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Rhayader in the County of Radnor, to Llangerrig in the County of Montgomery. Ibid.

v. An Act for more effectually supplying the Inhabitants of the Borough of King's Lynn with Water, and for regulating the Markets, and Vessels using the Port thereof. Ibid.

vi. An Act for lighting, watching, cleansing, and otherwise improving and regulating the Hamlets or Liberties of Duddeston and Nechells in the Parish of Aston, near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick. Ibid.

vii. An Act for increasing the Number of Vestrymen, and regulating the Nomination and Appointment of Vestrymen and Parish Officers, for the Parish of Saint Mary Stratford Bow in the County of Middlesex, and providing for the better Relief, Maintenance, and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish. Ibid.

viii. An Act to provide for the Repair and Maintenance of the County Hall in the County of Monmouth. Page 398

ix. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Tees at Whorlton in the County of Durham, and for making a Road from Staindrop in the said County to Whorlton, and from thence, crossing the said Bridge, to the present Turnpike Road at Greta Bridge in the County of York, with a Branch from Whorlton to the Township of Barnard Castle in the said County of Durham, and another Branch from the South End of the said Bridge to the Turnpike Road from Winston Bridge to Small Ways, both in the said County of York. 399

x. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Tyne, at or near a Place called Scotswood, in the County of Northumberland, and for making convenient Roads, Avenues, and Approaches thereto, with Branches thereout. Ibid.

xi. An Act for vesting a new Church in the Parish of Liverpool in the County of Lancaster in the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the said Town; and for authorizing the Appointment of Districts for the better Performance of Ecclesiastical Duties within the said Parish. Ibid.

xii. An Act to alter and amend Two Acts of His present Majesty for establishing and regulating the Imperial Gas Light and Coke Company. Ibid.

xiii. An Act for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Rates in the Parish of Hinckley in the Counties of Leicester and Warwick. 400

xiv. An Act for extinguishing Tithes, and Payments in lieu of Tithes, Mortuaries, and Easter Offerings, and other Vicarial Dues and Payments, within the Parish of Halifax in the Diocese and County of York; and for making Compensation to the Vicar in lieu thereof, and enabling him to grant certain Leases of Lands belonging to the Vicarage. Ibid.

xv. An Act for establishing and governing an Institution in Liverpool called "The School for the Indigent Blind at Liverpool;" for incorporating the Subscribers thereto; and also for regulating and supporting a Chapel attached to the said Institution. Ibid.

xvi. An Act for making an Embankment on the North-west Side of the Leasowes in the Townships of Wallasey and Great Meols in the County of Chester, to prevent the further Encroachment of the Sea, and the Injury to arise therefrom to the Low Lands contiguous, and to the Port of Liverpool. Ibid.

xvii. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Barnstaple to the Town or Village of Braunton in the County of Devon. Ibid.

xviii. An Act for amending, altering, and improving the Roads leading to the Town of Okehampton in the County of Devon, and making and maintaining a certain new Road to communicate therewith. 401

xix. An Act for more effectually making and repairing certain Roads leading to and from Bodmin, and certain other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Cornwall. Ibid.

xx. An Act for more effectually improving and repairing the Road leading from the Turnpike Road at Wrotham Heath in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Godstone in the County of Surrey. Page 402

xxi. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the Road from Harlow Bush Common in the Parish of Harlow in the County of Essex, to Stump Cross in the Parish of Great Chesterford in the same County, and for making and maintaining Two new Lines of Road communicating therewith. Ibid.

xxii. An Act for repairing the Road from the Town of Biddenden to the Turnpike Road from Ashford to Feversham at Boundgate in the County of Kent. Ibid.

xxiii. An Act for repairing the Road from Stockershead, at the Top of Charing Hill, to a Place called Bagham's Cross, in the Parish of Chilham in the County of Kent. Ibid.

xxiv. An Act for more effectually repairing, improving, and keeping in Repair the Road from Maidstone to Key Street in the Parishes of Borden and Bobbing in the County of Kent. 403

xxv. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road from the City of Chester, through Tarvin, to the Township of Delamere, and from Tarvin to Duddon Smithy, all in the County of Chester, with the several Branches thereof. Ibid.

xxvi. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Kipping's Cross in the County of Kent to Flimwell Vent in the County of Sussex, and certain other Roads therein described. Ibid.

xxvii. An Act for repairing the Road from the Hoodgate at the West End of the Town of Middleton in Teesdale in the County of Durham, to the Gate in the new Inclosures called the Edge, near the Collieries called the West Pitts, in the Parish of Saint Andrew's, Auckland, and also a Branch from the said Road, at or near the Head of the Town of Egleston, to Egleston Bridge over the River Tees. Ibid.

xxviii. An Act for more effectually amending, improving, and maintaining the Roads from Percy's Cross to Milfield Burn, and from Wooler to Bowsdon Burn, in the County of Northumberland. 404

xxix. An Act for amending an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Ashborne in the County of Derby to Leek in the County of Stafford, and from Ryecroft Gate upon Rushton Common to Congleton in the County of Chester. Ibid.

xxx. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Prestwick to Bury and Ratcliffe in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

xxxi. An Act for applying, in the Purchase and Redemption of Part of the Land Tax charged upon the District or Division of the Duchy Liberty and the Westminster Liberty of Saint Clement Danes, Saint Mary-le-Strand, and the Precinct of the Savoy, in the County of Middlesex, certain Sums of Stock standing in the Name and to the Credit of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery. Ibid.

xxxii. An Act for confirming an Agreement between the Treasurer and Masters of the Bench of Lincoln's Inn and the Governors and Directors of the Poor of the United Parishes of Saint Andrew Holborn above the Bars and Saint George the Martyr, Middlesex. Page 404

xxxiii. An Act for building a new Court House for the Liberty and Borough of Saint Alban in the County of Hertford. Ibid.

xxxiv. An Act for the Improvement of the Harbour of Aberdeen. 405

xxxv. An Act for enabling the Liverpool and Manchester Railway Company to make an Alteration in the Line of the said Railway, and for amending and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts relating thereto. Ibid.

xxxvi. An Act for making a Railway from the Bolton and Leigh Railway in the Township of West Leigh, to the Liverpool and Manchester Railway in the Township of Kenyon, with a Branch therefrom, in the County of Lancaster. Ibid.

xxxvii. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tramroad from the Liverpool and Manchester Railway, at or near Wargrave Lane in Newton in Mackerfield, to Warrington, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and Two collateral Branches to communicate therewith. Ibid.

xxxviii. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Duffryn Llynvi and Porth Cawl Railway, and other Works connected therewith. 406

xxxix. An Act for paving, watching, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Town of Ryde in the Isle of Wight in the County of Southampton; and for establishing a Market within the said Town. Ibid.

xl. An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, regulating, and improving the Town of South Shields in the County Palatine of Durham. Ibid.

xli. An Act for better paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and improving the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Places and Passages within the City of Aberdeen, and certain Grounds adjacent; for regulating the Police thereof; and for supplying the Inhabitants with Water. Ibid.

xlii. An Act for enlarging the Market Place in the Town of Basingstoke in the County of Southampton; and for fixing and regulating the Markets of the said Town; and for establishing a Market for Live Cattle adjoining the same. Ibid.

xliii. An Act for erecting a Bridge over the River Dee, at the Craiglug, in the Parish of Old Machar in the County of Aberdeen, and of Nigg in the County of Kincardine; and for making a Road from Cairnrobin, by the said Bridge, toward the City of Aberdeen. Ibid.

xliv. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for building a Bridge over the River Thames at Staines in the County of Middlesex, and for making proper Approaches thereto. 407

xlv. An Act for raising Money to defray the Expences of rebuilding Marlow Bridge. Ibid.

xlvi. An Act for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Clyde, opposite Jamaica Street in the City of Glasgow. Ibid.

xlvii. An Act for altering, extending, and improving the Exeter Canal. Page 407

xlviii. An Act to consolidate and extend the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts relating to the Oxford Canal Navigation. Ibid.

xlix. An Act for making and maintaining a Pier at or near Southend in the Parish of Prittlewell in the County of Essex, and for making convenient Approaches to and from the same. Ibid.

l. An Act to regulate, repair, and maintain the Ferry of Kincardine across the Frith of Forth, and the Accesses connected therewith. 408

li. An Act for erecting and endowing a Church in Abercrombie Square in the Parish of Liverpool in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

lii. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for establishing an additional Company for lighting the City and Suburbs of Dublin with Gas. Ibid.

liii. An Act for repairing the Road from the East End of the Town of Newmarket, over Newmarket Heath, to the Turnpike Road to Stump Cross, in the Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk, and the Road branching out of the aforesaid Road near the Devil's Ditch, on Newmarket Heath, to the present Turnpike Road to Cambridge. Ibid.

liv. An Act for making and repairing the Road from the Bridge over the River Cowie, near Stone Haven, to the Road along the South Bank of the River Dee, at or near to Park Head or Mill-bank of Maryculter, in the County of Kincardine. Ibid.

lv. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Tunbridge Wells in the County of Kent to Uckfield in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

lvi. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Brick Kilns on East Mailing Heath to Pembury Green, and from Brandbridges to the Four Wents near Matfield Green, and from the said Road into the Mereworth and Hadlow Road, in the County of Kent. 409

lvii. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads leading from Tunbridge Wells in the County of Kent to Swiftsden, and from Frant to Possingworth Great Wood in the County of Sussex, and a certain Piece of Road communicating with the said Roads. Ibid.

lviii. An Act for making and repairing the Road from Linlithgow Bridge to Stirling, and other Roads in the County of Stirling. 410

lix. An Act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving certain Roads and Bridges in the Liberties of the Borough of Berwick-upon-Tweed and Counties of Durham and Berwick, and improving the Entrance to the Town of Berwick. Ibid.

lx. An Act for more effectually making, amending, widening, repairing, and maintaining the Road from Scots Dyke in the County of Dumfries, by or through the Towns of Langholm and Hawick, to Haremoss, in the County of Roxburgh. Ibid.

lxi. An Act for more effectually making, amending, widening, repairing, and maintaining the Great North Roads leading from the North Queen ferry, and from the Harbour of Burntisland, both in the County of Fife, by Kinross, to the City of Perth; and also the Road from the said North Queen ferry to the Town of Dunfermline. Page 410

lxii. An Act for repairing the Road leading from Tonbridge to Maidstone in the County of Kent. Ibid.

lxiii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Dublin to Dunleer. 411

lxiv. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of Dapdon Wharf in the Parish of Stoke next Guldeford, through Guldeford, to Alford Bars in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

lxv. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Alfreton to Higham and Tibshelf in the County of Derby. 412

lxvi. An Act for more effectually making, amending, improving, widening, repairing, and maintaining the Road from Lauder in the Shire of Berwick, to and through Kelso in the Shire of Roxburgh, to the Marchburn. Ibid.

lxvii. An Act to enable the West India Dock Company to raise a further Sum of Money. Ibid.

lxviii. An Act to repeal several Acts relating to the Parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden, in the County of Middlesex; and for making better Provision for the Regulation of the Affairs of the said Parish. Ibid.

lxix. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed for supplying with Water the Town and Suburbs of Shrewsbury in the County of Salop. Ibid.

lxx. An Act to alter, amend, enlarge, and consolidate certain of the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts passed relating to the River Weaver Navigation in the County Palatine of Chester. Ibid.

lxxi. An Act for further regulating the Statute Labour, and repairing the Highways and Bridges, in the County of Dumbarton. Ibid.

lxxii. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram-road from the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne in the County of the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne to the City of Carlisle in the County of Cumberland, with a Branch thereout. 413

lxxiii. An Act for lighting, watching, and improving the Town of Croydon in the County of Surrey; for providing Lodgings for the Judges at the Assizes holden in the said Town; and for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

lxxiv. An Act for improving and maintaining the Shrewsbury District of the Watling-Street Road in the County of Salop. Ibid.

lxxv. An Act for making and maintaining the Road leading from Dublin, through Blesinton and Baltinglass, to near the Town of Carlow. Ibid.

lxxvi. An Act for repairing certain Turnpike Roads leading to and from Bilston in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

lxxvii. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road between the Town of Tarporley in the County Palatine of Chester and the Town of Whitchurch in the County of Salop. Ibid.

lxxviii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from James Deeping Stone Bridge to Peter's Gate in Stamford in the County of Lincoln, and from thence to the South End of the Town of Morcott in the County of Rutland. Page 414

lxxix. An Act for improving and maintaining certain Roads in the Counties of Worcester, Warwick, Stafford, and Salop, called "The Dudley, Birmingham, Wolverhampton, and Streetway District."

lxxx. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from Chesterfield in the County of Derby to Worksop in the County of Nottingham. Ibid.

lxxxi. An Act for maintaining and repairing the Road from the River at Swathling, through Botley, to the Road at Sherrill Heath in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

lxxxii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Brampton to Longtown in the County of Cumberland. Ibid.

lxxxiii. An Act for consolidating the Trusts of certain Roads called "The Blue Vein and Bricker's Barn Turnpike Roads," in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, and for more effectually repairing and improving the same. 415

lxxxiv. An Act for repairing and keeping in Repair the Turnpike Roads in the County of Fife; for rendering Turnpike certain Statute Labour and Parish Roads; and for making and maintaining certain new Roads in the said County. Ibid.

lxxxv. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Bolton-le-Moors to the Turnpike Road in Parr leading from Saint Hellens to Ashton, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

lxxxvi. An Act for making a Turnpike Road to communicate with the Lower King's Ferry over the River Dee, from the Township of Great Saughall in the County of Chester, and from the Village of Northop in the County of Flint. Ibid.

lxxxvii. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Sheepscar, through Woodhouse Carr, to Meanwoodside in the Parish of Leeds in the West Riding of the County of York. 416

lxxxviii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from the White Post on Haselden's Wood in the Parish of Cranbrooke to Appledore Heath, and from Milkhouse Street in the same Parish to Castleden's Oak in the Parish of Biddenden, and from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Tenterden, through Rolvenden, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Newenden, all in the County of Kent. Ibid.

lxxxix. An Act for more effectually amending the Road from Oldham in the County of Lancaster to Ripponden in the County of York, and other Roads in the same Counties; and for making and maintaining a new Branch to communicate therewith. Ibid.

xc. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road from Leeds to Roundhay in the West Riding of the County of York. 417

xci. An Act for repairing and keeping in Repair the Road from Kinross in the County of Kinross to Alloa in the County of Clackmannan. Ibid.

xcii. An Act for improving and maintaining the Road from the Town of Kingston-upon-Hull to Kirk-Ella in the County of the said Town. Page 417

xciii. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving several Roads which lead to and through the Town and Borough of Chard in the County of Somerset; and for making and maintaining a new Road from Chard to Drempton in the County of Dorset. Ibid.

xciv. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for dividing, inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fens, Ings, and Waste Lands in the Parish of Washingborough in the County of Lincoln and Township of Heighington in the same Parish; and also for embanking, draining, and improving certain Lands within the same Parish and Township. 418

xcv. An Act to provide for the more effectual Execution of the Office of a Justice of the Peace within the Parishes of Merthyr Tidvil, Gellygare, and Aberdare, in the County of Glamorgan. Ibid.

xcvi. An Act for taking down the Parish Church of Saint Dunstan in the West in the City of London, and building a new Church in. lieu thereof. 419

xcvii. An Act to enable the Magistrates of the County Palatine of Chester to appoint Special High Constables for the several Hundreds or Divisions, and Assistant Petty Constables for the several Townships of that County. Ibid.

xcviii. An Act for establishing a Ferry across the River Tyne between North Shields in the County of Northumberland and South Shields in the County of Durham, and for opening and making proper Roads, Avenues, Ways, and Passages to communicate therewith. Ibid.

xcix. An Act for the Improvement, Maintenance, and Regulation of the Harbour of Kirkcaldy in the County of Fife. Ibid.

c. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Wansbeck at the Town of Morpeth in the County of Northumberland. 420

ci. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts passed in the Fourteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for paving, repairing, lighting, cleansing, and watching the Parish of Saint James Clerkenwell in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

cii. An Act for lighting, watching, paving, cleansing, and improving the Streets, Highways, and Places within the Town and Borough of Kingston in the County of Hereford. Ibid.

ciii. An Act for supplying the City of Perth and the Vicinity thereof with Water. 421

civ. An Act for altering, amending, and enlarging the Powers granted by an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving the Outfall of the River Nene, and the Drainage of the Lands discharging their Waters into the Wisbech River, and the Navigation of the said Wisbech River from the upper End of Kinderley's Cut to the Sea, and for embanking the Salt Marshes and Bare Sands lying between the said Cut and the Sea. Ibid.

cv. An Act for vesting the Appointment to the Office of Bailiff or Verger of the Town and Port of Sandwich in the Mayor and Jurats of the said Town and Port; and for transferring the Common Gaol to the said Mayor and Jurats; and for the building and maintaining a new Gaol for the said Town and Port and its Liberties. Page 421

cvi. An Act to enable the Clarence Railway Company to vary and alter the Line of their Railway, to abandon some of the Branches thereof, and to make other Branches therefrom; and for altering, amending, and enlarging the Powers of the Act passed for making and maintaining the said Railway. Ibid.

cvii. An Act for making a Railway from Chapel in the Parish of Cambusnethan in the County of Lanark, by Coltness and Gariongill, to join the Monkland and Kirkintilloch Railway where the same passes through the Lands of Coats or Garturk in the Parish of Old Monkland and County of Lanark. Ibid.

cviii. An Act for making a Railway from Thomas Chapel in the Parish of Begelly to Saundersfoot, with Two Branches therefrom, and a Harbour at Saundersfoot, in the County of Pembroke. 422

cix. An Act to explain the Acts for making the Ulster Canal in the Counties of Fermanagh and Armagh. Ibid.

cx. An Act for amending and otherwise improving several Roads leading into and from the City of Bath, and for making new Branches of Roads to and from the same. Ibid.

cxi. An Act for making and maintaining certain Turnpike Roads within the County of Dumfries, and the other Highways, Bridges, and Ferries therein; and for more effectually converting into Money the Statute Labour in the said County. 423

cxii. An Act to alter and amend and continue an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making and maintaining certain Roads and Bridges in the Counties of Lanark and Dumbarton. Ibid.

cxiii. An Act for continuing certain Powers to the Trustees of the Road leading from the Borough of Southwark to the Kent Road in the County of Surrey, called Great Dover Street, for the Purposes therein mentioned. Ibid.

cxiv. An Act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving the Roads from Hurdlow House in the County of Derby to Manchester in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the said Counties and in the County Palatine of Chester. 424

cxv. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the Bottom of Church Lane, in the Town of Newcastle-under-Lyne in the County of Stafford, to the Road leading from Woore to Chester, near Nantwich in the County Palatine of Chester, and other Roads therein mentioned. Ibid.

cxvi. An Act to provide for the Repair of the Six Clerks and Chancery Inrolment Offices, and the better Preservation of the Records of the Court of Chancery. 425

cxvii. An Act for better supplying the East London Waterworks with Water, and amending the several Acts relating to the said Waterworks. Ibid.

cxviii. An Act to incorporate certain Persons, to be called "The Independent Gas Light and Coke Company;" and for enabling them to light with Gas certain Parishes in the County of Middlesex. Page 425

cxix. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of several Acts passed for holding a Market in the Parish of Saint Saviour in the Borough of Southwark in the County of Surrey; and for granting more effectual Provisions for that Purpose. Ibid.

cxx. An Act for maintaining the Pier at Sheerness in the Parish of Minster, in the Isle of Sheppy, in the County of Kent. 426

cxxi. An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and improving certain Streets and Public Passages and Places at Sheerness in the Parish of Minster, in the Isle of Sheppy, in the County of Kent. Ibid.

cxxii. An Act to enable the Edinburgh and Dalkeith Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money, to make a Branch from the Said Railway to Leith, and for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

cxxiii. An Act to authorize the raising a further Sum of Money for completing the Drainage and Navigation by the River Witham, and for amending the Acts relating thereto. Ibid.

cxxiv. An Act for altering and amending the Powers of an Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for rendering more commodious and for better regulating the Port of London. Ibid.

cxxv. An Act to authorize the Endowment of the Church and Vicarage of Newry, and for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

cxxvi. An Act for the Improvement and Extension of the Newry Navigation. Ibid.

cxxvii. An Act to incorporate certain Persons to be called "The British Gas Light Company;" and for enabling them to light with Gas certain Parishes and Places in the Counties of Essex and Middlesex near the eastern Part of the City of London. 427

cxxviii. An Act for watching, lighting, cleansing, and improving the Roads, Streets, and other Public Passages and Places leading from the Stones End, Blackman Street, to the Fishmongers Almshouses, Newington, and from thence, and from Stones End aforesaid, towards Blackfriars, Waterloo, and Westminster Bridges, and the Parts adjacent or near thereto, within the Parish of Saint George the Martyr in Southwark in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

cxxix. An Act for watching, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Roads, Streets, and other Public Passages and Places within the District left as belonging to the original Parish Church of Saint Mary Lambeth in the County of Surrey, and the Ecclesiastical District called the Waterloo District, in the same Parish. Ibid.

cxxx. An Act for the Sale of the City Canal, and for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

cxxxi. An Act for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Parochial Rates within the Parish of Saint Mary Rotherhithe in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

cxxxii. An Act for authorizing a Division of certain Commons in the County of Caithness and Stewartry of Orkney, in which His Majesty has an Interest. Page 428

cxxxiii. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Reading in the County of Berks to Hatfield in the County of Hertford, and also the Road leading out of the said Road at Marlow to or near the Thirty Mile Stone in the Turnpike Road from Maidenhead to Reading. Ibid.

cxxxiv. An Act for improving and maintaining the Road from Milford, through Stainton, to Merlin's Bridge, and from thence to Cartlet Bridge, in the County of Pembroke. Ibid.

cxxxv. An Act for vesting and securing to John Stephen Langton of the Parish of Langton juxta Partney, in the County of Lincoln, Esquire, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, certain Profits and Emoluments for a limited Time. Ibid.

cxxxvi. An Act for improving the Approaches to London Bridge. Ibid.

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE KING'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

1. AN Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sculthorpe in the County of Norfolk. Page 480

2. An Act for inclosing the Farr Heath and Cow Common in the Parish of Bleddington in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

8. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons or Waste Lands in Great Hamlet in the Parish of Glossop in the County of Derby. Ibid.

4. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors and Parishes of Didmarton and Oldbury-on-the-Hill in the County of Gloucester. 431

5. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of North Elmham in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

6. An Act for assisting the repairing, altering, and improving Lambeth Palace, belonging to the See of Canterbury, and the taking down and rebuilding some Parts thereof, and the making Additions to and altering and improving the Mansion House at Addington belonging to the same See. Ibid.

7. An Act for effecting an Exchange between the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul in London and John Pedley Esquire. Ibid.

8. An Act for empowering the Owners of the settled Shares of a Piece of Land called Lubberly Mead, in the Parish of All Saints, Southampton, late the Estate of Mr. John Fox, to grant Building Leases thereof. Ibid.

9. An Act for making the Site of a Mausoleum erected by the Duke of Rutland in the Parish of Knipton in the County of Leicester, and the Inclosure of Land surrounding it, Parcel of the Extra-parochial Precinct of Belvoir in the same County. Page 434

10. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Broadclist in the County of Devon. Ibid.

11. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Saint Peter and Saint James Brackley in the County of Northampton. 432

12. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sherborne Saint John in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

13. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Monksherborne in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

14. An Act for inclosing certain Commonable and Waste Lands in the Parish of Saint Lawrence Wootton in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

15. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, Lands in the Parish of Saint Giles, in the Suburbs of the City of Oxford, in the County of Oxford. Ibid.

16. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Tithing of Hill and Shirley in the Parish of Milbrook in the County of Southampton. 433

17. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Headingley cum Burley in the Parish of Leeds in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

18. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Elworthy in the County of Somerset. Ibid.

19. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Gunthorpe in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

20. An Act for improving Lands within the several Tithings of Crookham and Ewshott in the Parish of Crondall in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

21. An Act for inclosing, and discharging from Tithes, Lands in the Parish of Corby in the County of Northampton. 434

22. An Act for repairing and improving Rose Castle in the County of Cumberland, belonging to the See of Carlisle. Ibid.

23. An Act for enabling the Lord Bishop of Chichester to grant Building Leases of certain Estates belonging to the said See. Ibid.

24. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Wentworth in the Isle of Ely in the County of Cambridge. Ibid.

25. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Oldbury in the Parish of Halesowen in the County of Salop. Ibid.

26. An Act to extend the Power of granting Leases of Parts of the Estates of The Most Honourable Charles William Vane Marquis of Londonderry, and Frances Anne Vane Marchioness of Londonderry, his Wife. Ibid.

27. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Callan, Coolagh, and Knocktopher, in the County of Kilkenny. 435

28. An Act for dissolving the Corporation of The Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising Thames Water in York Buildings; and for vesting the Property of the Company in Trustees, to sell and divide the Proceeds amongst the Stockholders of the Company. Ibid.

29. An Act for vesting the Estates of the late Edward Mynors Esquire, not comprised in an Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, in Trustees, upon Trust to complete a Sale made to the Earl of Chesterfield of Part of such Estates, and to sell the Remainder; and for laying out the Monies arising from the Sale of the same Estates, and also from the Sale of the Estates comprised in the said Act, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. Page 435

30. An Act for enabling the Committee of the Estate of the Reverend John Newport to sell Estates at Grantham and Spittlegate in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

31. An Act for vesting certain Parts of the entailed Lands of Aberdour in the County of Fife in Trustees, to sell the same, and to apply the Price arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Lands near the Mansion House of Dalmahoy and Estates in the County of Edinburgh entailed by James Earl of Morton, deceased. Ibid.

32. An Act to authorize the Persons beneficially entitled to the Manors and Hereditaments devised and settled by the Will of William Wheatley Esquire, deceased, to grant Building and Repairing Leases thereof; and to authorize the Trustees therein named to sell certain Parts of the said Manors and Hereditaments, and apply the Money arising therefrom in Manner therein mentioned. Ibid.

33. An Act to confirm the Sale of certain Lands in the Parish of Linton and County of Peebles, made by Mistress Marianne Lockhart, for the Redemption of the Land Tax of her entailed Estates, under the Authority of an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty George the Third. 436

34. An Act to enable the Trustees named and appointed in and by or acting under and in Execution of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for enabling Trustees to sell, under the Authority of the High Court of Chancery, the Real Estates devised by the Will of Robert Watkin Wynne Esquire, deceased, or a sufficient Part thereof for the Purpose of raising Monies to discharge the several Principal Sums and Interest remaining due on the Mortgages, Debts, and Legacies affecting the same Estates, to sell the Real Estates thereby directed and authorized to be sold, freed, released, and discharged from all and every the Estates, Rights, Title, Interest, Possibility, Claim, and Demand of any Daughter or Daughters of John Wynne Esquire by any future Wife, and the Heirs of their respective Bodies, of, in, to, or out of the same Real Estates, or any Part or Parts thereof, under the Will of the said Robert Watkin Wynne deceased. Ibid.

35. An Act for confirming certain Building Leases granted by the Right Honourable George Lord Calthorpe, of Land in the Parish of Saint Pancras in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

36. An Act for vesting in Trustees the Pier or Wharf of Friarton, and Piece of Land adjacent thereto, in the Parish and County of Perth, and the Lands and Estate of Cappeldrae in the Shire of Fife, belonging to Sir David Moncreiffe Baronet, contained in Two Deeds of Entail executed by Sir Thomas Moncreiffe and David Stewart Moncreiffe, to sell the same, and to apply the Prices arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Lands near the Mansion House of Moncreiffe; and also for amending an Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, granting Power to feu certain Parts of the said entailed Estates; and to grant further Powers of feuing. Page 436

37. An Act for enabling the Trustees of the Will of the Honourable Mary Lyon Widow, deceased, to sell the Inheritance of certain Estates in the County of Durham, thereby devised, to raise Money to discharge the Incumbrances affecting the same. 437

38. An Act for vesting the Real Estates of Henry Richards the Elder, deceased, in Trustees for Sale, for the Payment of his Debts, and for investing the surplus Proceeds of such Sale for the Benefit of his infant Grandson and Heir at Law Henry Hyde Richards. Ibid.

39. An Act for repealing certain Parts of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling the Trustees under the Will of William Randall Esquire, deceased, to grant Building Leases of Part of the Freehold, Copyhold, and Leasehold Estates thereby devised, and Leases of certain Houses situate in the Parishes of Lambeth, Battersea, Christchurch, and Saint George the Martyr, in the County of Surrey; of Woolwich in the County of Kent; and of Clewer in the County of Berks; or elsewhere in England. Ibid.

40. An Act for discharging a Covenant entered into by John Webbe Weston Esquire with Samuel Jackson Esquire, since deceased; and for empowering the Trustees of the Mane Estate, late of the said Jon Webbe Weston, to complete certain Sales. Ibid.

41. An Act for authorizing the Sale of certain Estates, devised by the Will of Sir Thomas Maryon Wilson Baronet, deceased, to Uses under which John Maryon Wilson Esquire is first Tenant for Life; and for laying out the Purchase Monies in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

42. An Act for vesting the entailed Estates of Raith and others in the Counties of Fife and Edinburgh, belonging to Robert Ferguson Esquire, in Trustees, to sell the same, or so much thereof as may be necessary, and to apply the Price arising therefrom in the Payment of the Debts affecting or that may be made to affect the said Lands and Estates. Ibid.

43. An Act for enabling the President and Governors of the London Workhouse to sell or grant Leases of the Workhouse and other Hereditaments vested in them, and to purchase other Estates for the Education and apprenticing of Poor Children. Ibid.

44. An Act to enable the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the City of Winchester to convey certain Estates, the Possessions of the Hospital of Saint John the Baptist in Winchester, to Trustees to be appointed by the Court of Chancery; and to enable such Trustees to exercise certain Powers over the said Estates; and to authorize the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the City of Bristol to convey to the said Trustees a certain Sum payable every Twenty-fourth Year under a Grant of Sir Thomas White, and for other Purposes. 438

45. An Act for enabling the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul in London to grant Building Leases, pursuant to an Agreement entered into with John Ambler for that Purpose. Ibid.

46. An Act for enabling the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Paul in London to grant Building Leases of certain Land of the said Dean and Chapter at Barnes in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

47. An Act for confirming Exchanges of Lands in the Parish of Chesterton in the County of Oxford, made between the Trustees of the Earl and Countess of Jersey and the Vicar of Chesterton, and between the said Trustees and the Warden and Scholars of New College, Oxford. Ibid.

48. An Act to enable the Trustees under the Will of Hugh Owen, otherwise Hugh Bulkeley Owen Esquire, deceased, to sell and convey, under the Direction of the Court of Exchequer, the Fee Simple of the Real Estates thereby charged with the Payment of his Debts. Ibid.

49. An Act for enabling the Rector for the Time being of Saint Mary, Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey, to make certain Confirmations, Leases, and Assurances of certain Parts of the Glebe Lands belonging to his Rectory. Ibid.

50. An Act for authorizing a Settlement of the Freehold and Copyhold Estates, late of Thomas Gregory Player Esquire, deceased, at Aldenham in the County of Her ford, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery. Ibid.

PRIVATE ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

51. An Act for naturalizing Ferdinand Stewart Campbell.

52. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Peach Keighly, a Captain in the Service of the East India Company on their Madras Establishment, and Judge Advocate General of the Army on their said Establishment, with Anne, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

53. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Daniel Franco Haynes Esquire with Mary his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

54. An Act for naturalizing Antoine Beat Albert du Thou and his Two Infant Children therein mentioned.

55. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Tyssen Tyrell Esquire with Elizabeth Anne his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

56. An Act for naturalizing Jean Baptiste Paul Chappe.

57. An Act for naturalizing Henry Dumas.

58. An Act for naturalizing Bernardino Antonio Fernandez.

59. An Act for naturalizing Ferdinand Campbell and Samuel Griffin Campbell, the Infant Sons of Ferdinand Stewart Campbell Esquire.

60. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Tithing of Ower Moigne, within the Parish of Ower Moigne, in the County of Dorset.

61. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Watermillock, in the Parish of Greystoke, in the County of Cumberland.

62. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bardwell in the County of Suffolk.

63. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ardleigh in the County of Essex.

64. An Act to enable John Barber to take and use the Surname of Garlick, pursuant to the Provisions of the Will of John Garlick deceased, late of Moulton in the County of Northampton.

65. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of James Oliver Lindam Esquire with Harriott his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein contained.

66. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Peter Reade Cazalet Esquire with Caroline Wahab his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

67. An Act for naturalizing Philip James Meyer.

68. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Arthur Stock with Mary Beauman, otherwise Wahab, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

69. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Daniel Thorndike with Frances Christiana his Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

THE

STATUTES AT LARGE.

Anno Regni GEORGII IV. Britanniarum Regis,

Decimo.

At the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Fourteenth Day of November, Anno Domini 1826, in the Seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Fourth, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith; and from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the Fifth Day of February 1829, being the Third Session of the Eighth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP. I.

An Act for the Suppression of dangerous Associations or Assemblies in Ireland.

[5th March 1829.]

WHEREAS an Association hath for some Time past existed in Ireland, calling itself, or which hath been usually called "The Catholic Association," the Acts and Proceedings of which are dangerous to the Public Tranquillity and inconsistent with the Exercise of regular Government: Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Catholic Association suppressed.]

That from and after the Commencement of this Act the said Association shall be and the same is hereby utterly suppressed and prohibited; and every Assembly or Meeting thereof, or of any of the Members thereof, as such Members, is hereby declared to be an unlawful Assembly, and the Persons present at the same shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor.

[Lord Lieutenant emPowered to suppress Associations or Assemblies, by Proclamations.]

II. And Whereas divers Statutes have from Time to Time been passed for the Suppression of dangerous Associations and Assemblies in Ireland, but the same have been by various Shifts and Devices evaded: And Whereas in the present state of Ireland it is expedient that, for the Time to be hereby limited, a Power should be vested in the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by his or their Proclamation or Order, to prohibit or suppress any Association, Assembly, or Meeting of Persons in Ireland, which he or they shall deem to be dangerous to the Public Peace or Safety, or inconsistent with the due Administration of the Law: Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or

---

Notice to disperse.

Persons not dispersing when required, may be apprehended and committed.

2 C. 1. 10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland\ by his or their Proclamation or Order to prohibit or suppress the Meeting of any Association, Assembly, or Body of Persons in Ireland\ which he or they shall deem to be dangerous to the public Peace or Safety, or inconsistent with the due Administration of the Law, or any adjourned, renewed, or otherwise continued Meeting of the same, or of any Part thereof, under any Name, Pretext, or Device whatsoever.

[How Justices of the Peace shall proceed to disperse such Associations.]

III. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace to whom such Proclamation or Order shall be given or transmitted by the Direction of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Purpose of being enforced, or any Number of such Justices, not being less than Two, shall and may proceed, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to the Place where such Association, Assembly, or Meeting of Persons is held, and require and demand Admission into any House, Room, or* Place whatever, where any such Justices shall have good Reason to believe, upon Information on Oath, that such unlawful Association, Assembly, or Meeting of Persons is held, and shall and itaay, in case they shall be refused Admission, enter therein by Force; and One of the said Justices, or some other Person by his' Order, shall then and there read or repeat aloud to the Persons so assembled a Command or Notice to disperse, in the Words or to' the Effect following; (that is to say,)

OUR Sovereign Lord the King chargeth and commandeth all Persons being assembled immediately to disperse themselves, and peaceably to depart, upon the Pains contained in the Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, for the Suppression of dangerous Associations or Assemblies in IrelandV

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Persons so met or assembled together, shall forthwith disperse and depart; and in case any One or more of the Persons so met or assembled together as aforesaid shall not disperse and depart within the Space.of One Quarter of an Hour from the Time of such Notice or Command being given, it shall be lawful for the same or any Two of the same Justices of the Peace then present to cause the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to disperse or depart to be apprehended and brought before them; or in case such Person or Persons cannot then be apprehended, such Person or Persons may be afterwards apprehended by a Warrant for that Purpose to be. granted by any Two Justices of the Peace within whose Jurisdiction such unlawful Association, Assembly, or Meeting shall have' been held, or such Offender or Offenders shall be found; and such Offender or Offenders shall thereupon be proceeded against in a summary Way for such Offence before any Two justices of the Peace 'before whom he or they may be brought, who are hereby authorized to hear and determine the said Complaint; and every Person being convicted thereof, either on the View of One of the Justices to whom such Proclamation or Order shall have been so given or transmitted as aforesaid, or on his own Confession, or on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall be committed to any One of His Majesty's Common Gaols or

10° GEO. IV.

9

0.1.

Prisons in Ireland for the Term of Three Calendar Months, and for a Second or any subsequent Offence against the Provisions of this Act, for the Term of One whole Year.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace to whom any Proclamations or Order made in pursuance of this Act shall be given or transmitted for the Purpose of being enforced, shall, for all the Purposes of this Act, as well of Conviction as otherwise, be empowered to act as a Justice of the Peace within every County, City, Town, or Place whatsoever throughout Ireland.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly permit or suffer any Meeting of any Association, Assembly, or Body of Persons, the Meeting whereof has been or shall have been prohibited or suppressed under or by virtue of this Act, to be held in any House, Building, Close, or other Place to such Person belonging, or under his Care or Control, such Person for every such Offence shall forfeit to His Majesty the Sura of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered, with Costs of Suit, by Information to be filed in the Name of His Majesty's Attorney General in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person shall, after the Commencement of this Act, pay or contribute, or compel, procure, or solicit any other Person to pay or contribute, any Sum or Sums of Money, or other valuable Thing, to the Association hereinbefore declared to be suppressed, or to any Association or Assembly of Persons which shall be hereafter prohibited or suppressed under and by virtue of this Act, after such Prohibition or Suppression thereof, or to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by the Order or Appointment, or to the Use of any such Associations respectively, or acting for or on Behalf of such Associations respectively, or of any Committee or any Members thereof, as such Members, or for or towards any Purpose, Object, or Design of any such Associations or Assemblies respectively, or of any Committee or any Members thereof, as such Members, or for or towards any Purpose, Object, or Design of any such Association or Assembly, every Person so paying or contributing, or so compelling, procuring, or soliciting as aforesaid, under any Pretext or Device whatsoever, shall forfeit and pay, as a Penalty for such Offence, Treble the Amount of the Sum or Sums or of the Value of the Things So by him contributed and paid, or so by him compelled, procured, or solicited to be paid or contributed as aforesaid, against the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or the Sum of Ten Pounds, at die Election of His Majesty's Attorney General for Ireland; which said Sum so forfeited as aforesaid shall be payable to and recoverable by any Person for that Purpose to be named by His Majesty's said Attorney General, upon Information to be laid before any Two Justices of the Peace acting for the County, City, Town, or Place wherein such last-mentioned Offence shall be committed.

[Money, &c., contributed to be forfeited.]

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the whole of the Sums of Money, or of the Value of such other Things, so paid and contributed as aforesaid, against the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, Shall belong to and be the Monies and Property of His Majesty, and the same, or the Value thereof, shall become and be

For the Purposes of this Act, Justices may act beyond their Jurisdictions.

Penalty on Owner of Premises permitting any such Assembly to be held therein.

Penalty on Persons contributing or soliciting others to contribute to Association!.

4 C. 1. 10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

for discovering the Amount of Monies, &c. contributed.

Form of Conviction.

deemed to be a Debt due to His Majesty from the Person or Persons receiving or otherwise having the same, to be recovered by Information, to be filed in the Name of His Majesty's said Attorney General, in the same Manner as other Monies had and received to the Use of His Majesty are recoverable by Law.

IX. And, for the better Discovery of the Amount of the Monies Or other valuable Things so paid and contributed against the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, be it further enacted, That every Person so receiving, or otherwise having the same, shall be obliged and compellable to answer, upon Oath, any Information filed in the Name of His Majesty's said Attorney General for Discovery of the same, and shall not, by Plea, Demurrer, or otherwise, protect himself from giving Answer thereto.

X. And be it further enacted, That any Conviction by any Justices of the Peace for any Offence committed, or any Penalty or Sum recoverable under this Act, shall and may be in the Form following, or in any Words to the like Effect, as the Case may require; (that is to say,)

BE it remembered, That on the Day of

to wit. j, in the Year of our Lord One thousand

eight hundred and, at, in the county of , A. O. of in the County of is convicted before us, Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of,

for that he the said A. O. did not depart within One Quarter of an Hour after Command had been given by us [if the convicting Justices he not the same, state by whom the Command was given, 2 for that Purpose to an Assembly or Meeting of Persons prohibited by a Proclamation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, made on the Day

of, and which Proclamation we [to be altered as

before, according to the Fact, "] were ordered to enforce; for which Offence the said A. O. is hereby adjudged by us, by force of the Statute made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, to be committed to His Majesty's Gaol at in and for, to be there imprisoned

for the Term of Three Calendar Months. [In case of a Second. Conviction, say, for the Term of One whole Year, he the said A. O. having been previously convicted of another Offence against the said Statute.] Given, et cetera. [Or, For that he the said A. 0. did pay and contribute, or did compel or did procure or did solicit one E. F. to pay or to contribute, the Sum of, or Property of the Value of [if the Case be so], to the Association suppressed by an Act made and passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth; [or, if the Case be so, to an Association prohibited or suppressed under and by virtue of an Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, against the Force of the said Act; ] wherefore we do adjudge that he the said A. O. hath forfeited the Sura of, being

Treble the Value of the Sum so paid and contributed, or so compelled or procured or solicited by him to be paid or contributed, [or, if the Case be so, the Sum of Ten Pounds, being the

10° GEO. IV.

5

C. 1.

Sum elected by His Majesty's Attorney General,] and that he

do pay the same to Given under our Hands,

et cetera.] '

XI. And be it further enacted, That any Conviction under this Act shall not be removable by Certiorari or otherwise, but the same shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided always, that a Copy of every Conviction under this Act, and of the Evidence under which the same proceeded, shall within One Week after the same has taken place be returned to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Prosecution, Action, and Suit which shall be brought or commenced against any Justice or Justices of the Peace, Constable, Peace Officer, or other Person or Persons, for any Thing done or acted in pursuance of this Act, shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards; and the Venue in every such Action or Suit shall be laid in the proper County where the Fact was committed, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Suit or Action shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if such Prosecution, Action, or Suit shall be brought or commenced after the Time limited for bringing the same, or the Venue shall be laid in any other Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Traverser or Traversers or Defendant or Defendants; and in such Case, or if the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants upon the Merits, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his or their Action after Appearance, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs, which he or they shall and may recover in such and the same Manner as any Defendant can by Law in other Cases.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

XIV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall commence and be of force from and after the Expiration of Ten Days from and after the passing thereof, and not sooner; and that so much thereof as relates to the Catholic Association shall be perpetual, and the Residue thereof shall continue in force for One Year from the Day of passing this Act, and until the End of the then, next Session of Parliament.

Convictions not removable.

Copy thereof to be returned to the Lord Lieutenant.

Regulating Proceedings against Persona acting under this Act.

Act may be amended this Session.

Commencement and Conti ifuance of Act.*

CAP. II.

An Act for continuing to His Majesty for One Year certain Duties on Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine.

[6th March 1829.]

[This Act is the same (except as to Dates) as 9 G. 4. c. 5.]

6

C.S — 5.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

CAP. III.

An Act for applying certain Sums of Money for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine.

[6th March 1&29.J

" There shall be applied, for the Service of the present Year," 4,000,000l. remaining in the Exchequer to complete the Aida " granted in 1828- 9; also 4,000,000l. from Consolidated Fund; also 60,000l. to be paid by the East India Company; also any Sum paid in respect of Exchequer Bills issued for Public Works and Fisheries, and any Balance paid in by the Bank of England on u or before the 5th of April, 1830, pursuant to 66 G. 3. c. 97.: " Provided that if at any Time the Balance shall be reduced to less than One hundred thousand Pounds, then so much of the Monies advanced by the Bank as shall be equal to the Sum by which the said Balance shall be less than One hundred thousand Pounds shall be repaid."

CAP. IV.

An Act for raising the Sum of Twelve Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine.

[23d March 1829.]

pay to be forfeited during Imprisonment.

Gaoler to receive Cd. per Day for Subsistence of Prisoner.

CAP. V.

An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

[23d March 1829.]

[This Act is the same as 9 G. 4. c. 3. except as to Dates and the Sections here inserted.]

XX. And be it further enacted, That every Non-commissioned Officer or Private Marine, who shall be sentenced by any General, Divisional, or Detachment Court-martial to be imprisoned, shall forfeit all Right to any Pay from the Day of his Commitment during the Time of such Imprisonment; and also that during the Continuance of any such Imprisonment, the Gaoler or Keeper of such Prison or House of Correction shall receive the Sum of Sixpenceper Diem out of the Subsistence of such Non-commissioned Officer or Private Marine, during/the Time that such Noncommissioned Officer or Private Marine shall continue in Custody which said Sum the said Lord High Admiral, or Two or more of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, are hereby authorized and required to cause to be paid by the Paymaster of Royal Marines to the said Gaoler or Keeper, upon receiving an Application in Writing to their Secretary, signed by any Justice of the Peace for the County or Riding in which such Gaol, Prison, or House of Correction shall be locally situate, together with a Copy of the Order under which the said Non-commissioned Officer or Private Marine was confined: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners for the Time being, if they should think fit, to order the Issue and Payment of any Arrears of Pay, or of the Surplus* of such Pay, or

A.D. 1829.

10° GEO. IV.

r

C. 5.

any Portion thereof, or of any Arrears thereof, to or on account of such Non-commissioned Officer or Private Marine, during or after the Expiration of the Period of his Imprisonment in any Gaol, House of Correction, or Place of Military Confinement.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, or Private Marine, who shall be arrested and committed to Prison upon a Charge of any Criminal Offence, shall receive any Part of his Pay from the Day of such Commitment till the Day of his Return to the Company to which he shall belong, r which he shall be ordered to join; and if he shall be acquitted of the Offence for which he was committed, he shall, upon his Return to his Company, with the Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, on a Reference to them of his Case, but not otherwise, be entitled to receive all Arrears of Pay which were growing due during the Time of his Confinement; but if he shall be convicted, he shall forfeit all Right to any Pay from the Day of his Commitment during the Time of his Confinement, as well under the original Commitment as under any Commitment consequent upon such Conviction, and until the Day of his Return to the Company to which he shall belong, or which he shall be ordered to join: Provided always, that it shall lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or Two or more of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, to order the Issue and Payment to any such Non-commissioned Officer or Private Marine, during any such Commitment or Imprisonment, or either of them, or any Part thereof, of the Pay of any such Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, or Private Marine, or of any Proportion of such Pay, or of any Arrears thereof either during such Commitment or Imprisonment, or after the Discharge of such Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, or Private Marine, after Conviction or otherwise, as shall appear to the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners to be proper; and the Order of the said Lord High Admiral or any Two of the said Commissioners for the Payment of such Pay or Arrears shall be a sufficient Discharge for such Payment.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall receive the Enlisting Money from any Officer, Noncommissioned or Private Marine, or other Person employed on the Recruiting Service (knowing it to be such), and shall abscond or refuse to go before such Justice or Chief Magistrate, or if any Person having received any such Enlisting Money as aforesaid, shall thereafter absent himself from the Recruiting Party with which he enlisted, or Person with whom he enlisted, and shall not voluntarily return to such Recruiting Party or Person enlisting him, to go before some Justice of the Peace or Magistrate under die Provisions of this Act, within such Period of Four Days as aforesaid, such Person shall be deemed to be enlisted, and a Marine in His Majesty's Service, as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if he had been duly attested, and may be apprehended and punished as a Deserter, or for being absent without Leave, under any Articles of War made for Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion; nor shall any such Person who shall not have remained with, or who shall not have returned to such Recruiting Party or Person enlisting him as aforesaid, be entitled to be discharged or be discharged

Persons committed for Criminal Offences not to receive Pay till they return to the Regiment, kc.

Persons receiving Enlisting Motley absconding, or refusing to go before a Magistrate, shall be deemed enlisted.

Persons making false Representations and obtaining Bounty, shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences,

7 & 8 G, 4. c. 29.

26 G. 3. (I.)

Apprentices and Militia Men so obtaining Money shall be deemed to be enlisted as Marines.

C. 5. 10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

charged by any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate after the Expiration of such Four Days as aforesaid, unless it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Justice of the Peace that the true Name and Residence of the Person enlisted was disclosed and known to the Recruiting Party, and that no Notice was given to the Person enlisted, or left at nis last usual Place of Abode, of hia having so enlisted.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall knowingly, wilfully and designedly make any false Representation of any Particular contained in the Form of Oath marked (A.) is the Schedule annexed to this Act, before the Justice of the Peace at the Time of his Attestation, for the Purpose of obtaining, and shall thereupon obtain any Enlisting Money, or any Bounty or Part of the Bounty, for enlisting into His Majesty's Royal Marine *, or any other Money, shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences, within the true Intent and Meaning, if in England, of an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Lam in England, relative to Larceny, and other Offences connected therewith; and if in Ireland, of an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Persons who attain or attempt to attain Possession of Money jor Goods by false Pretences or Threats; and the Production of such Oath, and Proof of the Justice's Handwriting thereto, shall, in any Prosecutions to be instituted against the enlisting Person or Recruit therein named, be sufficient Evidence of such Person having represented the several Particulars contained in such Oath at the Time of his being attested; and Proof by the Oath of One or more credible-. Witness or Witnesses, that the Person so prosecuted hath freely and voluntarily declared or acknowledged that at. the Time of his Enlistment he belonged to the Militia, or to any Corps or Regiment in His Majesty's Service, or to His Majesty's Royal Navy or Royal Marines, or that he was an Apprentice, shall be deemed and taken as sufficient Evidence of the Fact so by him declared or acknowledged, without Production of any Roll or other Document to prove the same; and in case such Person shall be an Apprentice, or shall belong to the Militia, he shall, immediately after the Expiration of his Apprenticeship, or other sooner Determination of it, or at the Expiration of the Period of his Service in the Militia, whether he shall have been convicted and punished o; not, be deemed duly enlisted, and be liable from thenceforth to serve as a Marine; and if, on the Expiration or other sooner Determination of his Apprenticeship, or at the Expiration of the Period of his Service in the Militia, he shall not deliver himself up to some Officer at the Head Quarters of one of the Divisions of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, or to some Royal Marine Officer authorized to receive Recruits, he shall be liable to be apprehended and dealt with as a Deserter from His Majesty's said Royal Marine Forces; and in case such Person so enlisting into the Royal Marines shall be claimed and taken therefrom as already belonging to any other Regiment or Corps in His Majesty's Service, or to the Militia, at the Time of such Enlistment* he shall forfeit all Pay which may be due to him or Credits

10° GEO. IV. C. 5>6.

9

A.D. 1829.

to which he would otherwise be entitled in the Royal Marine Service at the Time of his being so claimed and taken, therefrom:

Provided always, that every such Person belonging to the Militia Such Militia shall be liable to serve, within the United Kingdom, of Great Mentoservei* Britain and Ireland, in the Division of the Royal Marine Forces uritwT m in which he shall have enlisted, during all the Time the Militia Kingdom dur-to which he shall belong shall remain disembodied, or shall not ing the Time be called out for Training or Exercise, and shall during all quch the Militia ie Time be subject to all the Provisions of this Act, and be liable tp ffi*«nbodied. be apprehended and dealt with and punished as a Deserter front the Division into which he shall have so enlisted, if he shall neglect or refuse to join and serve in such Division.

CAP. VI.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[23d March 1829.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping a Standing Army within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ in Time of Peace, unless it be with the Consent of Parliament, is against Law: And Whereas it is adjudged necessary by His Majesty, and this present Parliament, that a Body of Forces

should be continued, for the Safety of the United Kingdom, the Defence of the Possessions of His Majesty's Crown, and the

Preservation of the Balance of Power in Europe, and that the whole Number of such Forces should consist of Eighty-nine Numbers.

thousand seven hundred and twenty-three Men, exclusive of the

Officers and Men belonging to the Regiments employed in the Territorial Possessions of the East India Company, but include ing the Officers and Men of the Troops and Companies recruiting for those Regiments: And Whereas no Man can be forejudged of Life or Limb, or subjected in Time of Peace to any Kind of Punishment within this Realm, by Martial Law, or in any other Manner than by the Judgment of his Peers, and according to the known and established Laws of this Realm; yet nevertheless,

it being requisite, for the retaining all the before-mentioned Forces in their Duty, that an exact Discipline be observed, and that Soldiers who shall mutiny or stir up Sedition, or shall desert His Majesty's Service, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy Punishment than the usual Forms of the Law will allow Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by jand with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the Authority of the same, That if any Person who is or shall be Crimes punish.

commissioned or in Pay as an Officer, or who is or shall be listed *ole by Death.

+or in Pay as a Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier, shall at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, begin, excite, cause, or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in His Majesty's Land or Marine Forces, or shall not use his utmost Endeavours to suppress the same, or coming to the Knowledge of any Mutiny or intended Mutiny, shall not, without Delay, give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer; or shall misbehave himself before the Enemy;

4>r shall shamefully abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress,

C. 6.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

The ordinary Course of Law not to be interfered with.

Soldiers not to be taken away from the Service for Breach of Contract with Employer, or Debts under 201.

Post, or Guard committed to his Charge, or which he shall be commanded to defend; or shall compel the Governor or Commanding Officer of any Garrison, Fortress, or Post, to deliver up to the Enemy or to abandon the same; or shall speak Words or use any other Means to induce such Governor or Commanding Officer, or others, to misbehave before the Enemy, or shamefully to abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to their respective Charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend; or shall leave his Post before relieved, or shall be found sleeping on his Post; or shall hold Correspondence with or give Advice or Intelligence to any Rebel or Enemy of His Majesty, either by Letters, Messages, Signs, or Tokens, in any Manner or Way whatsoever; or shall treat or enter into any Terms with such Rebel or Enemy, without His Majesty's Licence, or Licence of the General or, Chief Commander; or shall strike or use any Violence against his Superior Officer, being in the Execution, of his Office, or shall disobey any lawful Command of his Superior Officer; or shall desert His Majesty's Service; all and every Person and Persons so offending in any of the Matters before mentioned, whether such Offence shall be committed within this Realm, or in any other of His Majesty's Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, upon Land or upon the Sea, shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as by a Court-martial shall be awarded.

II. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to exempt any Officer or Soldier from being proceeded against by the ordinary Course of Law; and any Commanding Officer who shall neglect or refuse, when Application is made to him for that Purpose, to deliver over to the Civil Magistrate any Officer or Soldier accused of any Capital Crime, or of any Violence or Offence against the Person, Estate, or Property of any of His Majesty's Subjects, which is punishable by the known Laws of the Land, or shall wilfully neglect or refuse t6 assist the Officers of Justice in apprehending such Offender, shall, upon Conviction thereof in any Prosecution in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, Dublin, or Edinburgh, be deemed to be ipso facto cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in His Majesty's Service, and a Certificate thereof shall be transmitted to the Judge Advocate in London; provided that no Person, being acquitted or convicted of any Capital Crime, Violence, or Offence, by the Civil Magistrate, or by the Verdict of a Jury, shall be liable to be punished by a Court-martial for the same otherwise than by cashiering.

III. And be it enacted, That no Person whatever (except an Apprentice) enlisted into His Majesty's Service as a Soldier shall be liable to be arrested or taken therefrom by reason of the Warrant of any Justice, on account of any Breach of Contract or Engagement to serve or work for any Employer; and no Person enlisted as a Soldier shall be liable to be taken out of His Majesty's Service by any Process or Execution whatsoever, other than for some Criminal Matter, unless an Affidavit shall be made by the Plaintiff, or some one on his Behalf, for which no Fee shall be taken, before some Judge of the Court out of which such Procett

or

11

10° GEO. IV. C. 6.

or Execution shall issue, or before some Person authorised to take Affidavits in such Courts, of which Affidavit a Memorandum shall^ without Fee, be endorsed upon the Back of such Process, that the original Debt for which the Action has been brought or Execution sued out amounts to the Value of Twenty Pounds at least, over and above all Costs of Suit in the Action or Actions on which the same shall be grounded; and any Judge of such Court may examine into any Complaints made by a Soldier, or by his Superior Officer, and by Warrant under his Hand discharge such Soldier without Fee, he being shewn to be duly enlisted, and to have been arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, and shall award reasonable Costs to such Complainant, who shall have for the Recovery thereof the like Remedy as would have been applicable to the Recovery of any Costs which might have been awarded against the Complainant in any Judgment or Execution as aforesaid; provided that any Plaintiff, upon Notice of the Cause of Action first given in Writing to any Soldier, or left at his last Place of Residence before such Listing, may file a Common Appearance in any Action to be brought for or upon account of any Debt whatsoever, and proceed therein to Judgment and Outlawry, and have Execution other than and against the Body.

IV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to make Articles of War for the better Government of His Majesty's Forces, which Articles shall be judicially taken notice of ny all Judges, and in all Courts whatsoever; and Copies of the same, printed by the King's Printer, shall, as soon as conveniently Ynay be after the same shall have been made and established by His Majesty, be transmitted by His Majesty's Secretary at War, signed with his own Hand and Name, to the Judges of His Majesty's Superior Courts at Westminster, Dublin, and Edinburgh respectively, and also to the Governors of His Majesty's Dominions abroad; provided that no Person within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the British Isles, shall be subject by such Articles of War to any Punishment extending to Life or Limb for any Crime which is not expressed to be so punishable by this Act, nor in any Manner or under any Regulations which shaft not accord with the Provisions of this Act.

V. And be it enacted, That His Majesty may from Time to Time grant a Commission, under the Royal Sign Manual, for the holding -of General Courts-martial within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in like Manner as has been heretofore used; and that for bringing Offenders against the Articles of War to Jus* tice, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to erect and constitute Courts-martial within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, as well as to grant His Royal Commissions or Warrants to the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, the Commander of the Forces, or the Person or Persons commanding in chief, or commanding for the Time being, any Body of His Majesty's Forces, as well within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and British Isles, as in any of His Majesty's Garrisons and Dominions or elsewhere beyond the Seas, for convening as well as for authorizing any Officer under their respective Command, not below the Degree of a Field Officer, to convene Courts-martial, as Occasion may require, for the Trial of Offerees committed

The King may make Articles of War in conformity with this Act.

Constitution of Courts-martial.

13

10° GEO. IV. C. 6.

A.D. 182

Composition of General Courts-martial.

Powers of General Courts-martial.

mitted by any of their Forces under their several Command, whe-r ther the same shall have been committed before or after such Officer shall have taken upon himself such Command; and any Person subject to this Act, who shall in any of His Majesty's Dominions beyond the Sea or elsewhere commit any of the Offences for which he may be liable to be tried by Courts-martial by virtue of this Act, may be tried and punished for the same in any other Part of His Majesty's Dominions where he may have come after the Commission of the Offence, as if the Offence had been committed where such Trial shall take place.

VI. And be it enacted, That a General Court-martial convened in any Part of the King's Dominions, (Bermuda, Africa, and New South Wales excepted,) or in the Settlements of the East India Company, shall, in order to have Power to try a Commissioned Officer, or to pass Sentence of Death or Transportation on any Offender, consist of not less than Thirteen Commissioned Officers, in which Sentence of Death Nine at the least of the Officers of any Court consisting of Thirteen shall concur; and if to try any Person not of the Rank of a Commissioned Officer, shall consist of not less than Nine; and such General Courts-martial convened in Bermuda, or out of the King's Dominions, excepting Africa and New South Wales, shall have not less than Seven, and in Africa and New South Wales not less than Five Commissioned Officers; and in all Cases where such General Courts-martial as aforesaid shall consist of more or fewer Officers than Thirteen, no Judgment of Death shall pass without the Concurrence of Two Thirds at the least of the Officers present; and the President shall in no Case be the Officer commanding in chief or Governor of the Garrisonr where the Offender shall be tried, nor under the Degree of a Field Officer, unless where a Field Officer cannot be had, nor in any Case whatsoever under the Degree of a Captain.

VII. And be it enacted, That a General Court-martial may sentence any Soldier to Imprisonment, solitary or otherwise, and with or without hard Labour, in any public Prison or other Place which such Court may appoint, to Corporal Punishment, not extending to Life and Limb, and to Forfeiture of all Advantage as to additional Pay or Pension on Discharge, for Immorality, IVIis-behaviour, or Neglect of Duty; and whensoever any General Court-martial by which a Deserter shall have been tried and convicted shall not think the Offence deserving of Capital Punishment, such Court-martial may, instead of awarding a Corporal Punishment, adjudge the Offender, according to the Nature of the Offence, to be transported as a Felon for Life or for a certain Term of Years, or may sentence him to general Service as a Soldier in any Corps and m any Country or Place which His Majesty shall thereupon direct, or may, if such Offender shall have enlisted for a limited Term of Years, sentence him to serve for Life as a Soldier in any Corps which His Majesty shall please to direct; and the Court may, in addition to any other Punishment, sentence such Offender to forfeit all Advantage as to Increase of Pay, or as to Pension on Discharge, which might otherwise have accrued to such Offender; provided that in all Cases where a Capital Punishment shall have been awarded by a General Court-martial, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, instead of causing such Sentence to be

10° GEO. IV. C. 6.

11

carried into Execution, to order the Offender to be transported as a Felon, either for Life or for a certain Term of Years, as to His Majesty shall seem meet; and if any Person transported as a Felon, whether in pursuance of the original Sentence of the Court-martial, or in pursuance of such Order from His Majesty, shall afterwards return or be found at large, without Leave from His Majesty or other lawful Authority, within any Part of His Majesty's Dominions abroad or at home, other than the Place to which he shall have been transported, before the Expiration of the Term limited by such Sentence or Order, and shall be duly convicted thereof, shall suffer Death as a Felon.

VIII. And be it enacted, That every Paymaster or other Commissioned Officer of His Majesty's Forces, or any Person employed in the Ordnance or Commissariat Department, or in any Manner in the Care or Distribution of any Money, Provisions, Forage, or Stores, who shall embezzle or fraudulently misapply, or be concerned in or connive at the Embezzlement, fraudulent Misapplication, or Damage of any Money, Provisions, Forage, Arms, Clothing, Ammunition, or other Military Stores belonging to His Majesty's Forces or for His Use, may be tried for the same by a General Court-martial, which may adjudge any such Offender to be transported as a Felon for Life or for any certain Term of Years, or to suffer such Punishment of Fine, Imprisonment, Dismissal from His Majesty's Service, and Incapacity of serving His Majesty in any Office, Civil or Military, as such Court shall think fit, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence; and every such Offender shall, in addition to any other Punishment, make good at his own Expence the Loss and Damage sustained, which shall have been ascertained by such Court-martial; and the Loss and Damage so ascertained as aforesaid shall be a Debt to His Majesty, and may be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster or in Dublin, or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or in any Court in His Majesty's Colonies, where the Person sentenced by such Court-martial shall be resident, after the said Judgment shall be confirmed and made known.

IX. And be it enacted, That a District or Garrison Court-martial shall consist of not less than Nine Commissioned Officers, and may in like Manner try Offences, and sentence any Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier to Imprisonment, solitary or otherwise, and with or without hard Labour, in any Public Prison or other Place which such Court may appoint, and also to Corporal Punishment (not extending to Life or Limb), and to Forfeiture of all Advantage as to additional Pay, or to Pension on Discharge, in addition to any other Punishment, for Desertion, for purloining

, or selling Government Stores, for stealing from a Comrade, or from a Military Officer, for producing false or fraudulent Accounts or Returns whereby increased Expence has been or would be brought upon the Public, for Embezzlement or Misapplication of Money intrusted to him, for which Offences such Soldier may further be put under Stoppages till the same be made good; or for such disgraceful Conduct as shall induce the said Court-martial to recommend such Offender to be discharged as unfit for the Service, from Vice or Misconduct, he having been once previously Convicted of disgraceful Conduct by a Court-martial; and any District

Trial by General Court-martial for Embezzlement.

Powers of District Courts-martial.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

District or Garrison Court-martial may deprive a Soldier of the Allowance in lieu of Beer, or of additional Pay, for any Period not exceeding Two Years, for habitual Drunkenness; provided that in all the foregoing Cases the Sentences shall be confirmed by the General Officer, Governor, or Senior Officer in command of the District, Garrison, Island, or Colony, except in Cases of Mutiny, when the Sentence may be confirmed and carried into Execution on the Spot by the Officer in the immediate Command of the Troops; and the President of every Court-martial, other than a General Court-martial, not being under the Rank of Captain, shall be appointed by the Officer convening such Court-martial; provided that such Court-martial shall not have Power to pass any Sentence of Death or Transportation.

Marking a a. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Court-

Deserter. martial empowered to try the Crime of Desertion, in addition to

any other Punishment, to direct that the Offender be marked on the Led Side, Two Inches below the Arm-pit, with the Letter (D.,) such Letter not to be less than Half an Inch long, and to be marked upon the Skin with some Ink or Gunpowder, or other Preparation, so as to be visible and conspicuous, and not liable to be obliterated.

Powers of a

XL. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Officer Detachment commanding any distinct Detachment or Portion of His Majesty's Court-martial. Troops which may at any Time be serving out of His Majesty's Dominions, upon Complaint made to him of any Offence committed against the Property or Person of any Inhabitant of or Resident in any such Countries, by any Person serving with or belonging to His Majesty's Armies, being under the immediate Command of any such Officer, to summon and cause to assemble a Court-martial, which shall consist of not less than Three Officers, for the Purpose of trying any such Person, notwithstanding any such Officer shall not have received any Warrant empowering him to assemble Courts-martial; and every such Court-martial shall have the same Powers in regard to summoning and examining Witnesses, Trial of and Sentence upon Offenders, as are granted by this Act to General Courts-martial; provided that no Sentence of toy such Court-martial shall be executed until the General commanding in chief the Army of which the Division, Brigade, Detachment, or Party to which any Person so tried, convicted, and adjudged to suffer Punishment shall belong, shall have approved and confirmed the same.

Mixture of Of-

XII. And be it enacted, That in certain Cases, where it may ficers upon be necessary or expedient, Officers of His Majesty's Marine Forces Courts-martial may git upon Courts-martial in conjunction with Officers of His Majesty's Land Forcesand such Courts-martial shall be regulated, to all Intents and Purposes, in like Manner as if they were composed of Officers of the Land Forces only, whether the Commanding Officer by whose Orders such Court-martial is assembled belongs to the Land or to the Marine Forces; and Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces, and Officers in the Service of the East India Company, when serving together, may be associated in Courts-martial, which shall, to all Intents and Purposes, be regulated m like Manner as if consisting wholly of Officers of Ijif Majesty's Land Faroes, or wholly of Officers in the Service of the

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C.

ra

East India Company; save and except that oh the Trial of any;

Person in His Majesty's Service, the Provisions of this Act, and the Oaths thereby prescribed, shall be applicable; and on the Trial of any Officer or Soldier in the Service of the East India Company, the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty, to amend the Laws for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the East India Company, and the Oaths thereby prescribed, shall be applicable, notwithstanding any Officer in the actual Service of the said Company may have a Commission from His Majesty.

XIII. And be it enacted, That all General and other Courts- Power to ad-martial shall have Power and Authority and are hereby required minister Oaths, to administer an Oath to every Witness or other Person who shall

be examined before such Court, in any Matter relating to any Proceedings before the same.

XIV. And be it enacted, That in all Trials by Courts-martial to Proceedings of be held by virtue of this Act, every Member assisting at such Courts-martial. Trial, before any Proceedings be had thereupon, shall take the

Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed, before the Judge Advocate or his Deputy, or Person officiating as such, or, if a Regimental Court-martial, before the President of such Court, who are hereby respectively authorized to administer the same, and hi Regimental Courts-martial any sworn Member shall administer the Oath to the President; and as soon as the said Oaths shall have been administered to the respective Members, the President of the Court is hereby authorized and required to administer to the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, the Oath id the Schedule to this Act annexed; and ho Proceeding or Trial shall hi had upon any Offence but between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon, except in Cases which require an immediate Example, and except in the East Indies, where such Proceedings or Trial may be had between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon; provided also, that all Witnesses duly summoned by the Judge Advocate* or the Person officiating as such, shall, during their necessary Attendance in such Courts, and in going to and returning from the same, be privileged from Arrest, and shall, if unduly arrested, be discharged by the Court out of which the Writ or Process issued by which such Witness was arrested; or if stfeh Court be not sitting, then by any Judge of the Court of King's Bench m London or in Dublin, or Court of Session in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the East or West Indies or elsewhere, according as the Case shall require, upon its being made to appear to such Court 6 *

Judge, by Affidavit in a summary Way, that such Witness was arrested in going to or returning from or attending Upon such Court-martial; and that all Witnesses so duly summoned as aforesaid who shall not attend on such Courts shall be liable to be attached in the Court of King's Bench in London or Dublin, or Court of Session, or Sheriff Depute or Stewarts Depute, or their respective Substitutes, within their several Shires and Stewartries in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or in any of His Majesty's Colonies, Garrisons, or Dominions in Europe or elsewhere respectively, upon Complaint made, in like Manner as

10° GEO. IV.

Appeal.

Report of Proceedings of General Courts-martial.

Transportation from the United Kingdom.

A.D. 182SU

as if such Witness had neglected to attend in a Trial in any Proceeding in that Court.

XV. And be it enacted, That no Officer or Soldier, being acquitted or convicted of any Offence, shall be liable to be tried a Second Time by the same or any other Court-martial for the same Offence, unless in the Case of an Appeal from a Regimental to a General Court-martial; and that no Finding, Opinion, or Sentence given by any Court-martial, and signed by the President thereof, shall be liable to be revised more than once.

XVI. And be it enacted, That every Judge Advocate, or Person officiating as such at a General Court-martial, is required to transmit, with as much Expedition as the Opportunity of Time and Distance of Place can admit, the original Proceedings and Sentence thereof to the Judge Advocate General in London, in whose Office they shall be carefully preserved .; and the Person tried by such Court, or any Person in his Behalf, shall be entitled, on Demand, to a Copy of such Sentence and Proceedings (paying reasonably for the same), whether such Sentence shall be approved or not, at any Time not sooner than Six Months if the Trial took place at Gibraltar or in the Mediterranean, Three Months if at any other Station within Europet and Twelve Months if elsewhere in His Majesty's Dominions: Provided that such Demand as aforesaid shall be made, and any Proceedings thereon had, within the Space; of Three Years from the Date of the Approval or other final Decision upon the Proceedings before such General Court-martial.

XVII. And be it enacted, That whenever it is intended that a Person convicted of Desertion shall be transported, either in pursuance of the original Sentence of a Court-martial or of His Majesty's gracious Order of Commutation as aforesaid, the Sentence of the Court-martial, together with His Majesty's Pleasure upon: the same, shall be notified in Writing by the Officer commanding in chief His Majesty's Forces in Great Britain and Ireland, or, in the; temporary Absence of such Officer, by the Adjutant General, to any Judge of the King's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in England or Ireland; and thereupon such Judge shall make an Order for the Transportation of such Offender in conformity with such Notification, and shall also do all such other Acts consequent upon the same as such Judge is authorized to do by any Act in force touching the Transportation of other Offenders; and the Persons in whose Custody such Offender shall at that Time be, and all other Persons whatsoever whom the said Order may concern, shall be bound to obey and shall be assistant in the Execution thereof, and shall be liable to the same Punishment for Disobedience, or for interrupting the Execution of the same, as if the Order had been made under the Authority of any such Act as aforesaid; and every Person so ordered to be transported shall be subject to every Provision made by Law and in force concerning Persons convicted of any Crime and under Sentence of Transportation; and from the Time when such Order of Transportation shall be made, every Act now in force touching the Escape of Felons shall apply to such Offender, and to all Persons aiding, abetting, contriving, or assisting in any Escape or intended Escape of any such Offender; and the Justice or Baron

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 6.

17

who shall make any Order of Transportation as aforesaid shall direct the Notification of His Majesty's Pleasure, and his own Order made thereupon, to be filed and kept of Record in the Office of the Clerk of the Crown of the Court of King's Bench; and the said Clerk shall have a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence only for filing the same, and shall, on Application, deliver a Certificate in Writing (not taking more than Two Shillings and Sixpence for the' same) to such Offender, or to any Person applying in his or in His Majesty's Behalf, shewing the Christian and Surname of such Offender, his Offence, the Place where the Court was held before whom he was convicted, and the Conditions on which the Order of Transportation was given; which Certificate shall be sufficient Proof of the Conviction and Sentence of such Offender, and also of the Terms on which such Order for his Transportation was given, in any Court and in any Proceeding wherein it may be necessary to inquire into the same.

XVIII. And be enacted, That whenever any Person convicted Transportation of Desertion is to be transported from the East Indies, or from from the Colo-any Part of Jflis Majesty's Foreign Dominions, either in pur- mef* suance of the original Sentence of a Court-martial dr on Commutation of Capital Punishment, a similar Notification shall be

made by the Officer commanding in chief His Majesty's Forces at the Station, or in his Absence by the Adjutant General for the Time being, to some Judge of One of the Supreme Courts of Judi? cature in the East Indies, or Chief Justice, or some other Judge, as the Case may be, in any Part of His Majesty's Foreign Dominions, who shall make Order for the Transportation or intermediate Custody of such Offender, in such Manner and to or in such Place as shall be specified in any Directions given to such Chief Justice or Judge, in relation to any such Offender, by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and the necessary Proceedings shall be taken according to such Order for the Transportation or intermediate Custody of such Offender; and all Acts in force in such Place touching other Offenders to be transported shall in all Respects apply as well to the Offender himself so to be transported as to all other Persons whatsoever therein concerned.

XIX. And be it enacted, That all Crimes and Offences which Offence* have been committed against any Act for punishing Mutiny and against former Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Mutiny Acts Quarters, or against any of the Articles of War made and estar undeMhis^ct blished by virtue of the same, may, during the Continuance of

this Act, be inquired of and punished in like Manner as if they had been committed against this Act; and every Warrant for holding any Court-martial under any former Act shall remain in full Force notwithstanding the Expiration of such Act; and all Proceedings of any Court-martial upon any Trial begun under the Authority of such former Act shall not be discontinued by the Expiration of the same; provided that no Person shall be liable to be tried and punished for any Offence against any of the said Acts or Articles of War which shall appear to have been committed more than Three Years before the issuing of the Commission or Warrant for such Trial, unless the Person accused, by reason of his having absented himself, or of some other manifest Impediment, shall not have been amenable to Justice within that Period,

C. 6.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Subsequent Enlistment no Protection from Punishment for Desertion.

Apprehension of Deserters.

in which Case such Person shall be liable to be tried at any Time not exceeding Two Years after the Impediment shall have ceased.

XX. And be it enacted, That every Soldier who shall desert from His Majesty's Service shall be liable to all the Pains and Penalties imposed by this Act for every such Offence committed by him, notwithstanding his having again enlisted into His Majesty's Service; and every Soldier of right belonging to any Corps from which he may have originally deserted may be tried for deserting from any other Corps in which he may afterwards have enlisted, or from His Majesty's Service, if he shall not after such subsequent Enlisting have been placed in any Corps, or may be tried for any Crime committed by him while serving therein, notwithstanding it shall be known that he had previously belonged to some other Corps or Party, and had not been discharged therefrom; and if such Person shall be claimed by such other Corps or Party, and be proceeded against as a Deserter therefrom, his subsequent Desertion from any One or more Corps in which he may have unwarrantably enlisted may be given in Evidence as an Aggravation of his Crime, previous Notice being always given to such Deserter of the Intention to produce such Evidence upon his Trial.

XXI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Constable of any Place where any Person reasonably suspected to be a Deserter shall be found, or of any adjoining Place, and if no such Constable can be immediately met with, then for any Officer or Soldier in His Majesty's Service, to apprehend, or cause such suspected Person to be apprehended, and to cause him to be brought before any Justice living in or near such Place, and acting for the same or any adjoining County, who hath hereby Power to examine such suspected Person; and if by his Confession, or the Testimony of One or more Witnesses upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of such Justice, it shall appear that such suspected Person is a Soldier, and ought to be with the Corps to which he belongs, such Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to some public Prison in such Place, or if there be no public Prison in such Place, then, at the Discretion of such Justice of the Peace, to the nearest or most convenient public Prison in the same or any next adjoining County, or to the Provost Marshal, in ease such Deserter shall be apprehended within the City or Liberties of Dublin or Places adjacent; and such Justice shall transmit an Account thereof, in the Form prescribed in the Schedule annexed to this Act, to the Secretary at War, or, if the Deserter be apprehended in Ireland, to the Chief Secretary, to the End that such Person may be proceeded against according to Law; and such Justice shall also send to the Secretary at War a Report, stating the Names of the Persons by whom the Deserter was apprehended and secured; and the Secretary at War shall transmit to such Justice an Order for the Payment to such Persons of such Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, as the Secretary at War shall be satisfied they are entitled to, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act: Provided also, that no Fee or Reward shall be taken by any Justice, or his Clerk, in respect of any Information, Commitment, or Report as aforesaid.

10° GEO. IV. C. 6.

19

XXII. And be it enacted, That any Person who shall voluntarily deliver himself up as a Deserter from His Majesty's Forces or the embodied Militia, or the Forces of the East India Company, or who, upon being apprehended for any Offence, shall, in the Presence of the Justices, confess himself to be a Deserter as aforesaid, shall be deemed to have been duly enlisted and to be a Soldier, and shall be liable to serve in any of His Majesty's Forces, as His Majesty shall think fit to appoint, whether such Person shall have been ever actually enlisted as a Soldier or not; and if the Person so confessing himself to be a deserter shall be serving at the Time in any of His Majesty's Forces, he shall be deemed to be and shall be dealt with as a Deserter.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions, directly or indirectly, persuade any Soldier to desert His Majesty's Service, shall suffer such Punishment by Fine or Imprisonment, or both, as the Court before which the Conviction may take place shall adjudge; and every Person who shall assist any Deserter from His Majesty's Service, knowing him to be such, in deserting or in concealing himself from such Service, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That every Commissioned Officer who shall, without Warrant from One or more of His Majesty's Justices, forcibly enter into or break open the Dwelling House or Outhouses of any Person whomsoever, under Pretence of searching for Deserters, shall, upon due Proof thereof, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXV. And be it enacted, That every Gaoler and Keeper of any Prison or House of Correction in England or Ireland shall, upon the Order in Writing of any Commanding Officer of a District, Garrison, Regiment, or Corps (as the Case may be), receive and provide a proper Place of Confinement for any Soldier under Sentence of Imprisonment by a Court-martial, and shall detain such Soldier during the Period stated in such Order, or until he be discharged, or shall deliver up such Soldier to any Person producing an Order in Writing to that Effect from any such Commanding Officer as aforesaid, although the Period for which the Soldier was originally committed shall not have expired; and every such Gaoler who shall refuse to receive and to confine any such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier in Manner as aforesaid shall forfeit for every suchaOffence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That the Gaoler or Person having the immediate Inspection of any Prison, Gaol, or House of Correction in England and Ireland, shall receive and apply to the Maintenance of every Soldier, during the Period of his Imprisonment, Sixpence per Diem, which the Secretary at War shall cause to be issued out of the Subsistence of such Soldier, upon Application in Writing, signed by any Justice, within whose Jurisdiction such Place of Confinement shall be locally situated, together with a Copy of the Order of Commitment; and such Gaoler is hereby required to receive and confine every Deserter who shall be*delivered into his Custody by any Soldier conveying such Deserter under lawful Authority, on Production of the Warrant of the Justice

Fraudulent Confession of Desertion.

Penalty for inducing or assisting to desert.

Penalty for forcible Entry.

Custody of Offenders under a Military Sentence.

Custody of Deserters.

20

C. 6.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Notice of Expiration of Imprisonment.

Various Persons subject to the Act.

Foreign Troops in this Country.

Militia and Yeomanry.

of the Peace on which such Deserter shall have been taken, or some Order from the Office of the Secretary at War, or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland; and such Gaoler shall be entitled to One Shilling for the safe Custody of the said Deserter, while halted on the March, and to such Subsistence for his Maintenance as shall be directed by His Majesty's Regulations.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That every Gaoler, to whom any Notice shall have been given that any Person in his Custody for any Offence is a Soldier liable to serve His Majesty on the Expiration of his Imprisonment, shall give One Month's Notice of the Period of such Expiration of Imprisonment, or if there shall not be sufficient Time for a Month's Notice, then the longest practicable Notice thereof, to the Secretary at War, or if in Ireland, to the Chief Secretary.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That all the Provisions of this Act shall apply to all Persons employed on the Recruiting Service, receiving Pay in respect of such Service, and to the Officers and Persons now or hereafter serving and hired to be employed in the Royal Artillery and Field Train, and Master Gunners and Gunners, and Conductors of Stores, and in the Regiment of Royal Engineers, and in the Corps of Royal Sappers and Miners, and in the Corps of Royal Military Surveyors and Draftsmen, in the Ordnance and in the Commissariat Departments, and who are or shall be serving with any Part of His Majesty's Forces, at Home or Abroad, under the Command of any Officer having Commission from His Majesty; and all Storekeepers and other Civil Officers who are or shall be employed by or act under the Ordnance at any of His Majesty's Ordnance Establishments at Foreign Stations; provided that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to affect any Security which has been given by such Storekeeper, Barrack Master, or other Officer, or their Sureties, for the due Performance of their respective Offices, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, to regulate the taking of Securities in all Offices, but that such Bonds and other Securities shall be and remain in full Force and Effect.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That all Officers and Soldiers of any Troops, being mustered and in Pay, which shall be raised and serving in any of His Majesty's Dominions Abroad, or in Places in Possession of or occupied by His Majesty's Subjects, under the Command of any Officer having any Commission immediately from His Majesty, shall be liable to Martial Law in like Manner as His Majesty's other Forces are; and if such Officers and Soldiers, having been made Prisoners, be sent into England or Ireland, although not allowed to serve therein, all the Provisions of this Act, in regard to billetting Soldiers, shall apply to such Officers and Soldiers.

XXX. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall in anywise be construed to extend to any of the Militia Forces or Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps in Great Britain or Ireland, excepting only in such Case wherein, by any Act or Acts for regulating any of the said Forces or Corps, the Provisions contained in any Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion shall be specifically made applicable to the said Corps.

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 6.

2f

XXXI. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be construed to Limitations extend to the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and as to certain Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, as to the Provisions Island* therein for mustering and paying, and to the Provisions for the

Trial and Punishment of Officers and Soldiers who shall be charged with Mutiny and Desertion, or any other of the Offences which are by this Act declared to be punishable by the Sentence of a General, or Garrison, or Detachment, or Regimental Court-martial, and also to the Provisions which relate to the Punishment of Persons who shall conceal Deserters, or shall knowingly buy, exchange, or otherwise receive any Arms, Clothes, Military Furniture, or Regimental Necessaries, from any Soldier or Deserter, or who shall cause the Colour of any such Clothes to be changed.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall re- Enlisting and ceive Enlisting Money from any Person employed in the Recruit- rearing of ing Service, be being an Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, or R'ecnat* '

an attested Soldier, shall be deemed to be enlisted as a Soldier in His Majesty's Service, and while he shall remain with the Recruiting Party shall be entitled to be billetted; and every Person who shall fenlist any Recruit shall first ask the Person offering to enlist, whether he does or does not belong to the Militia, and shall cause to be taken down, in Writing, the Name and Place of Abode of such Recruit; and when any Person shall be enlisted as a Soldier in His Majesty's Land Service, he shall, within Four Days, but not sooner than Twenty-four Hours after such enlisting, appear, together with some Person employed in the Recruiting Service of the Party with which he shall have enlisted, before a Justice residing in the Vicinity of the Place, and acting for the Division or District where such Recruit shall have been enlisted, and not being an Officer in the Army; and if such Recruit shall declare his having voluntarily enlisted, the said Justice shall cause to be read to him the Notice contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and shall examine him as to whether he does or does not belong to the Militia, and shall require the Recruit to sign a Declaration in the Form in the said Schedule, and he is hereby required forthwith to cause to be read over in his own Presence to such Recruit the First and Second Article of the Second Section of. the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion, and to administer to such Recruit the Oath of Allegiance and Fidelity, and Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed, for limited or unlimited Service, or for Service in the Forces of the East India Company, as may be applicable to the Case of the Recruit, and no other Oaths, any Thing in any Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; and the said Justice is hereby required forthwith to certify, under his Hand, the enlisting and swearing, in the Form attached to such Oaths respectively, together with the Place of Birth, Age, and Calling, if known, of such Recruit; and if any such Recruit so to be certified shall refuse to take the Oath of Allegiance and Fidelity before the said Justice, it shall be lawful for the Officer or Noncommissioned Officer with whom he enlisted to detain and confine such Person until he shall take the said Oath of Fidelity.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That any Recruit appearing as Dissent and aforesaid before such Justice shall be at liberty to declare his Relief from Dissent to such Enlisting, and upon such Declaration, and returning

from EnIutmeni *

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

C. 6.

the Enlisting Money, and also paying the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Charges expended upon him, together with the full Amount of Subsistence and Beer Money which shall have been paid to such Recruit subsequent to the Period of his having been enlisted, shall be forthwith discharged and set at liberty, in the Presence of such Justice; but if such Person shall refuse or neglect, within the Space of Twenty-four Hours after so declaring his Dissent, to return such Money as aforesaid, he shall be deemed and taken to be enlisted as if he had given his Assent thereto before the said Justice: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for any Justice to discharge any Person who shall have hastily enlisted, and who shall apply to him to declare his Dissent within such Four Days as aforesaid, upon Payment of the Sum of Money required to be paid by any Recruit declaring his Dissent under this Act, notwithstanding no Person belonging to the Recruiting Party shall be with the Recruit, if it shall appear to such Justice, upon Proof to his Satisfaction, that the Recruiting Party has left the Place where such Recruit was enlisted, or that the Recruit could not procure any Person belonging to such Party to go with him before the Justice; and the Sum paid by such Recruit upon his Discharge shall be kept by the Justice, and paid to any Person belonging to the Recruiting Party entitled thereto demanding the same; provided that no Recruit who has been actually, though erroneously, discharged by the Justice, before the Expiration of Twenty-four Hours after the Time of his Enlistment, shall be liable on that Account to be proceeded against as having deserted from His Majesty's Service; and the Justice who shall discharge any Recruit shall in every Case give a Certificate thereof, signed with his Hand, to the Recruit, specifying the Cause thereof.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That if any Recruit shall receive the Enlisting Money from any Person employed in the Recruiting Service (knowing it to be such), and shall abscond, or refuse to go before such Justice, or shall thereafter absent himself from the Recruiting Party or Person with whom he enlisted, and shall not voluntarily return to go before some Justice within such Period of Four Days aforesaid, such Recruit shall be deemed to be enlisted and a Soldier in His Majesty's Service, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if he had been duly attested, and may be apprehended and punished as a Deserter, or for being absent without Leave, under any Articles of War made for Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion; and such Recruit shall not be discharged by any Justice of the Peace after the Expiration of such Four Days as aforesaid, unless it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Justice that the true Name and Residence of the Recruit was disclosed and known to the Recruiting Party, and that no Notice was given to the Recruit, or left at his usual Place of Abode, of his having so enlisted; provided that in every Case wherein any Recruit shall have received Enlisting Money, and shall have absconded from the Party, so that it shall not be possible immediately to apprehend and bring him before a Justice, the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding the Party shall produce to the Justice before whom the Recruit ought regularly to have been brought for Attestation, a Certificate of the

10° GEO. IV. C. 6.

Name and Place of Residence of such Recruit; and the Justice to whom such Certificate shall be produced shall, after satisfying himself that the Recruit who had absconded cannot be found and apprehended, transmit a Duplicate thereof to His Majesty's Secretary at War, or if in Ireland, to the Chief Secretary, in order, that, in the Event of such Recruit being afterwards apprehended and reported as a Deserter, the Facts of his having received Enlisting Money, and having absconded after having been enlisted, may be ascertained before he be finally adjudged to be a Deserter; and any Recruit who shall enlist into His Majesty's Forces, and who shall be discovered to be incapable of active Service by reason of any Infirmity concealed or not declared by such Recruit before the Justice at the Time of his Attestation, and mentioned at the Foot thereof, may be transferred into any Garrison or Veteran or Invalid Battalion, or into His Majesty's Marine Forces, notwithstanding he shall have enlisted for any particular Regiment, and shall be entitled to receive such Proportion or Residue of Bounty only as His Majesty may allow in that Behalf, instead of the Bounty upon which such Man shall have been enlisted, any Thing in any Act or Acts, or any Rules and Regulations relating to Soldiers, to the contrary notwithstanding; and it shall be lawful for any Two Justices before whom such Recruit shall be brought, and who shall be proved, upon Oath before them, to have wilfully concealed any such Infirmity upon being attested, or to have designedly made any false Representation as aforesaid, to adjudge such Person to be a Rogue and Vagabond, and to sentence him to such Punishment as by any Law now in force may be inflicted upon Rogues and Vagabonds and Vagrants and incorrigible Rogues; and any Recruit who shall designedly make any false Representation of any Particular contained in the Oaths and Certificates in the Schedule to this Act annexed, before the Justice at the Time of his Attestation, and shall obtain any Enlisting Money, or any Bounty for entering into His Majesty's Service, or any other Money, shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences, within the true Intent and Meaning, if in England, of an Act, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Lam in England relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith; and if in Ireland, of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Lam in Ireland relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith; and the Production of such Certificate, and Proof of the Handwriting of the Justice giving such Certificate, shall be sufficient Evidence of such Party having represented the several Particulars contained in the Oath sworn by him, and specified in the Certificate of the Justice at the Time of his being attested; and that Proof by the Oath of One or more credible Witnesses, that the Person so prosecuted hath voluntarily acknowledged that at the Time of his Enlistment he belonged to the Militia, or to any Regiment in His Majesty's Service, or to His Majesty's Navy or Marines, shall be deemed and taken as Evidence of the Fact so by him acknowledged, without Production of any Roll or other Document to prove the same; and any Man who at the Time of offering to enlist shall deny that he is a Militia Man then actually enrolled and engaged to serve, or shall deny to.

C. 6.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Penalty on Officers offending against Lair* regarding Enlistment.

Enlistment and Re-enlistment

Abroad.

Enlistment of Negroes.

the Justice before whom he shall be attested that he belongs to the Militia, shall, on Conviction thereof before any One Justice in the United Kingdom, either upon Oath of One Witness or upon his own Confession, or upon the Production of the Attestation, and the before-mentioned Declaration of such Person, certified by the Secretary at War, or Deputy Secretary at War, be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for and during any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, over and above any Penalty or Punishment to which such Person so offending may be otherwise liable; and shall, from the Day on which his Engagement to serve in the Militia shall end, and not sooner, belong as a Soldier to the Corps of His Majesty's Regular Forces or of the East India Company's Forces, into which he shall have so enlisted; provided that every such Person shall be liable to serve, within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of His Majesty's Regular Forces, or of the East India Company's Forces, in which he has so enlisted, during all the Time the Militia to which he shall belong shall remain disembodied, or shall not be called out for Training or Exercise, and shall during all such Time be subject to all the Provisions of this Act, and liable to be apprehended and dealt with and punished as a Deserter from the Corps in which he shall have so enlisted, if he shall neglect or refuse to join and serve in such Corps as aforesaid.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That every Military Officer who shall act contrary to the Provisions of this Act in any Respect regarding the enlisting and attesting of Recruits for His Majesty's Service, shall, upon Proof thereof, upon Oath by Two Witnesses before a General Court-martial, which is hereby authorized to administer such Oath, be cashiered, and disabled to hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment in His Majesty's Service.

XXXVI*4 And Whereas it is expedient that Provisions should be made for the enlisting and attesting of Soldiers desirous of re-enlisting, and others desirous of enlisting, Abroad Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person duly appointed by His Majesty by any Warrant signed by the Secretary at War in that Behalf and not being a General Officer nor holding any Regimental Commission, to enlist and attest, out of Great Britain or Ireland, any Soldiers or Persons desirous of enlisting or re-enlisting into His Majesty's Service; and any Person so appointed shall have the same Powers in that Behalf as are given to Justices in the United Kingdom for all such Purposes of Enlistment and Attestation; and any Person so enlisted or re-enlisted shall be deemed to be an attested Soldier; and as often as any Corps shall be relieved or be disbanded at any Station beyond the Seas, it shal be lawful for any Officers thereunto authorized by the officer commanding in chief at such Station to enlist as many of the Soldiers belonging to the Corps leaving the Station as shall be willing and fit for Service for any Corps appointed to remain; and every Soldier so enlisted is hereby deemed to be discharged from his former Corps; and an attested Certificate of Transfer shall be delivered to the Soldier.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That all Negroes purchased by or on account of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and serving

10° GEO. IV.

25

C. 6t

in any of His Majesty's Forces, shall be deetaed and taken to be free in every respect as if born free in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions, and shall be considered as Soldiers having voluntarily enlisted in His Majesty's Service; provided that nothing contained in this Act as to enlisting for limited Periods of Service, or in any other Act as to any Rules or Regulations for granting Pensions or Allowances to Soldiers discharged after certain Periods of Service, shall extend to any Negroes so purchased.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That any Person duly bound as an Apprentice who shall enlist as a Soldier in His Majesty's Land Service, and shall state to the Magistrate before whom he shall be carried and attested that he is not an Apprentice, shall, on Conviction thereof, be liable to be indicted and punished for obtaining Money under false Pretences, and shall, after the Expiration of his Apprenticeship, whether he shall have been so convicted and punished, or not, be liable to serve as a Soldier in any of His Majesty's Regular Forces; and if on the Expiration of his Apprenticeship he shall not deliver himself up to some Officer authorized to receive Recruits, may be taken as a Deserter from His Majesty's Forces.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That no Master shall be entitled to claim an Apprentice who shall enlist as a Soldier in His Majesty's Service, unless he shall, within One Calendar Month after such Apprentice shall have left his Service, go before some Justice and take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and produce the Certificate of such Justice of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Justice is required to give in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and unless such Apprentice shall have been bound, if in England, for the full Term of Seven Years, not having been above the Age of Fourteen when so bound, and, if in Ireland or in the British Isles, for the Full Term of Five Years at the least, not having been above the Age of Sixteen when so bound, and, if in Scotland, for the full Term at least of Four Years, by a regular Contract or Indenture of Apprenticeship, duly extended, signed, and tested, and binding on both Parties by the Law of Scotland, prior to the Period of Enlistment, and unless such Contract or Indenture so duly executed shall within Three Months after the Commencement of the Apprenticeship, and before the Period of Enlistment, have been produced to a Justice of the Peace of the County wherein the Parties reside, and there shall have been indorsed thereon by such Justice a Certificate or Declaration signed by him, specifying the Date when and the Person by whom such Contract or Indenture shall have been so produced, which Certificate or Declaration such Justice of the Peace is hereby required to indorse and sign; and unless such Apprentice shall, when claimed by such Master, be under Twenty-one Years of Age; provided that any Master, of an Apprentice indentured for the Sea Service shall be entitled to claim and recover him in the Form and Manner above directed, notwithstanding such Apprentice may have been bound for a less Term than Seven, Five, or Four Years as aforesaid; and any such Master, who shall give up the Indentures of Apprenticeship within One Month after the enlisting of such Apprentice, shall be entitled to receive, to his own Use, so much of the Bounty payable

Apprentice enlisting not exempt from Military Service.

Claims of Masters to Apprentices.

26

C. 6.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Punishment of

Apprentices

enlisting.

Musters, and Penalty on false Musters,

able to such Recruit, after deducting therefrom Two Guineas to provide him with Necessaries, as shall not have been paid to such Recruit before Notice given of his being an Apprentice.

XL. And be it enacted, That no Apprentice claimed by his Master shall be taken from any Corps or Recruiting Party but under a Warrant of a Justice residing near and within whose Jurisdiction such Apprentice shall then happen to be, before whom he shall be carried, and such Justice shall inquire into the Matter upon Oath, which Oath he is hereby empowered to administer; and shall require the Production and Proof of the Indenture, and that Notice of the said Warrant has been given to the Commanding Officer, and a Copy thereof left with some Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of the Party, and that such Person so enlisted declared that he was no Apprentice; and such Justice, if required by such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer, shall commit the Offender to the Common Gaol of the said Place, and shall keep the Indenture, to be produced when required, and shall bind over such Person as he may think proper to give Evidence against the Offender, who shall be tried at the next or next succeeding General or Quarter Sessions of the County, Division, or Place, unless the Court shall on just Cause put off the Trial; and the Production of the Indenture, with the Certificate of the Justices; that the same was proved, shall be sufficient Evidence of the said Indenture; and every such Offender, in Scotland, may be tried by the Judge Ordinary in the County or Stewartry, in such and the like Manner as any Person may be tried in Scotland for any Offence not inferring a Capital Punishment; provided that any Justice not required as aforesaid to commit such Apprentice may. deliver him to his Master.

XLI. And be it enacted, That Musters shall be taken of every Regiment, Troop, or Company in His Majesty's Service Twice at the least in every Year, at such Times as shall be appointed; and no Soldier shall be absent from such Musters, unless properly certified to be employed on some other Duty of the Regiment, or to be sick, or in Prison, or on Furlough; and every Person who shall give or procure to be given any untrue Certificate, whereby to excuse any Soldier for his Absence from any Muster or any. other Service which he ought to attend or perform, or shall make any false or untrue Muster of Man or Horse, or shall wittingly or willingly allow or sign the Muster Roll wherein such false Muster is contained, or any Duplicate thereof, or who shall directly or indirectly take or cause to be taken any Money or Gratuity for. mustering any Soldiers, or for signing any Muster Rolls or Duplicate thereof, or shall knowingly muster any Person by a wrong Name, upon Proof thereof upon Oath made by Two Witnesses before a General Court-martial, shall for such Offence be forthwith cashiered, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in His Majesty's Service; and any Person who shall falsely be mustered or offer himself to be mustered, or lend or furnish any Horse to be falsely mustered, shall, upon Oath made by Two Witnesses before some Justice of the Peace residing near the Place where such Muster shall be made, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and the Informer, if

he

10° GEO. IV.

27

A.D. 1829.

C. 6.

he belong to His Majesty's Service, shall, if he demand it, be forthwith discharged.

XLII. And be it enacted, That Forty-eight Hours Notice shall be given to Six Justices, not being Officers of the Army, residing within the City and Liberties of Westminster and Borough of Southwark, of the Muster to be taken of His Majesty's Forces quartered within the said City and Liberties and Borough; and no Officer shall proceed to take such Musters, under Penalty of Fifty Pounds, except in the Presence of Two or more Justices, who shall take Cognizance of such Muster, and sign the same, unless such Justices shall neglect to attend, of which Neglect, as well as of the proper Notice being given to such Justices, Oath shall be made, within Forty-eight Hours after such Muster, before any Justice; and the Officer appointed to take the Half-yearly Musters of any of His Majesty's Forces, at any Place Ten Miles distant from London, shall close the Muster Rolls within Twenty-four Hours after the said Muster has been made, and send a Copy thereof, within Seven Days, to the Secretary at War.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That ho Soldier shall be entitled to Pay during his Absence from Duty in His Majesty's Service in consequence of any Offence, Civil or Military, or any Imprisonment under any Sentence of any Court, or by reason of any Arrest for Debt, or as a Prisoner of War; provided that any Non-commissioned Officer, or any Soldier, acquitted of the Offence for which he was committed, shall, upon Return to his Duty in his Corps, be entitled to receive all Arrears of Pay growing due during his Confinement; and upon rejoining His Majesty's Service from being a Prisoner of War, due Inquiry shall be made by a Court-martial, and if it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Court that the said Soldier was taken Prisoner without wilful Neglect of Duty on his Part, and that he hath not served with or under or in any Manner aided the Enemy, and that he hath returned as soon as possible to His Majesty's Service, he may thereupon be recommended by such Court to receive either the Whole of such Arrears of Pay, or a Proportion thereof; and no Soldier who shall have been confined under any legal Sentence shall be allowed to reckon towards Pay or Pension any Part of the Period from the Day of his first Commitment to the Day of rejoining his Corps; provided that it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Secretary at War to order or withhold the Payment of the Whole or any Part of the Pay of any Officer or Soldier during the Period of his Confinement, whether before or after Conviction, or to issue any Part of the Pay of a Prisoner of War which he may think proper.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That when there shall not be any Military Officer of Rank, not inferior to Captain, or any Adjutant of Regular Militia, within convenient Distance of the Place where any Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier on Furlough shall be detained by Sickness or other Casualty rendering necessary any Extension of such Furlough, it shall be lawful for any Justice, who shall be satisfied of such Necessity, to grant an Extension of Furlough for a Period not exceeding one Month; and the said Justice shall immediately certify such Extension, and the Cause thereof, to the Commanding -Officer of the Corps or Detachment

Musters in and near Westminster.

Forfeiture of

IV-

Furlough Fay.

C. 6.

10? GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Marching Money on Discharge *

Commissaries to attest their Accounts.

Issue Of Pay of the Army.

Agent, Penalty for Disobedience.

to which the Man belongs, if known, and if not, then to the Agent of the Regiment, in order that the proper Sum may be remitted to die Soldier, who shall not during the Period of such Extension of Furlough be liable to be treated as a Deserter; provided that nothing herein contained shall be construed to exempt any Soldier from Trial and Punishment, according to the Provision of this Act, for any false Representation made by him in that Behalf to the said Justice, or for any Breach of Discipline committed by him in applying for and obtaining the said Extension of Furlough.

XLV. And be it enacted, That every Soldier entitled to his Discharge shall, if then serving Abroad, be sent, if he shall so require it, to Great Britain or Ireland free of Expence, and shall be entitled to receive Marching Money from the Place of his being landed, (or, if discharged at Home, shall receive Marching Money from the Place of his Discharge,) to the Parish or Place m which he shall have been originally enlisted.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That all Commissaries, upon making up their Accounts, and also upon returning from any Foreign Service, shall take the Oath described in the Schedule to this Act annexed; which Oath, if taken in any Part of the United Kingdom, shall be taken before some Justice, and, if taken on Foreign Service, before the Officer commanding in chief, or the Second in command, or the Quarter Master or Deputy Quarter Master General, or any Assistant Quarter Master General of the Army to which he shall be attached, who shall respectively have Power to administer the same.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That no Secretary at War, Paymaster General of the Army, Paymaster, or any other Officer whatsoever, or their under Officers, shall receive any Fees or make any Deductions whatsoever out of the Pay of any Officer or Soldier in His Majesty's Army, or from their Agents, which shall grow due from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, other than the usual Deductions, or such other necessary Deductions as shall from Time to Time be required by1, His Majesty's Regulations, or by His Majesty's Order signified by the Secretary at War; and every Paymaster or other Officer having received any Officer or Soldier's Pay, who shall unlawfully detain the same for the Space of One Month, or refuse to pay the same when it shall become due, according to the several Rates and agreeably to the several Regulations established by His Majesty's Orders, shall, upon proof thereof before a Court-martial, be discharged from his Employment, and shall forfeit One hundred Pounds, and the Informer, if a Soldier, if he demands it, shall be discharged from any further Service; provided that it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Secretary at War to give Orders for withholding the Pay of any Officer or Soldier for any Period during which such Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, or Soldier shall be absent without Leave, or improperly absent from his Corps and from his Duty; or, in case of any Doubt as to the proper Issue of such Pay, to withhold it from the Parties aforesaid until His Majesty's Orders shall have been signified by the Secretary at War.

XLVIII. And for enforcing a prompt Observance of the Rules and Orders for the due Appropriation of the Public Funds applicable

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 6.

29

cable to Army Services, and in order that a true and regular Account may be kept and rendered by the Agents of the several Corps, be it enacted, That the said Agents are hereby required to observe such Orders as shall from Time to Time be given by His Majesty under His Sign Manual, or by the Secretary at War, or by His Majesty's Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or by the Lord Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury; and if any Person, being or having been an Agent, shall refuse or neglect to comply with such Orders in relation to his Duty as Agent, or shall unlawfully withhold or detain the Pay of any Officer or Soldier after the Space of One Month after the Receipt thereof, he shall for the First Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and, if still an Agent, for the Second Offence be discharged from his Employment as an Army Agent, and be utterly disabled to have or hold such Employment thereafter; or, if he shall have ceased to be an Army Agent, shall for the Second and every succeeding Offence forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XLIX. And Whereas by the Petition of Right, in the Third How and whera

Year of King Charles the First, it is enacted and declared, that Troops may ba

the People of the Land are not by the Laws to be burthened billetted *

with the sojourning of Soldiers against their Wills; and by a Clause in an Act of the Parliament of England, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for granting a Supply to His Majesty of Two hundred and six.

thousand four hundred sixty-two Pounds Seventeen Shilling?

and Three-pence, for paying and disbanding the Forces, it is declared and enacted, that no Officer, Civil or Military, nor other Person whomsoever, should from thenceforth presume to place, quarter, or billet any Soldier upon any Subject or Inhabitant of this Realm, of any Degree, Quality, or Profession whatsoever, without his Consent, and that it shall be lawful for any Subject or Inhabitant to refuse to quarter any Soldier, notwithstanding any Warrant or Billetting whatsoever: And Whereas by an Act passed in Ireland in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act to prevent the Disorders that may happen by the marching of Soldiers, and providing Carriages for the Baggage of Soldiers on their March, it was enacted, that no Officer, Soldier, or Trooper in the Army, nor the Servant of any Officer, nor any Attendant on the Train of Artillery, should, at

any Time thereafter, be allowed any Quarters in any Part of Ireland, save only during such Time as he or they should be and remain in some Sea-port Town in order to be transported,

or during such Time as there should be any Commotion in any Part of Ireland, by reason of which Emergency the Army should

be commanded to march from any Part of Ireland to another: '

But forasmuch as at this Time and during the Continuance of this Act there is and may be Occasion for the marching and quartering of Regiments, Troops, and Companies in several Parts of the United Kingdom or Great Britain and Ireland; be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Constables of Parishes and Places, and other Persons specified in this Act, in England and Ireland, and they are hereby required to Billet the Officers and Soldiers in His Majesty's Service, and Persons receiving Pay in

3Q

C. 6.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

His Majesty's Army, and the Horses belonging to His Majesty's Cavalry, and also all Staff and Field Officers Horses, and all B&t and Baggage Horses belonging to any of His Majesty's other Forces, when on actual Service, not exceeding for each Officer the Number for which Forage is or shall be allowed by His Majesty's Regulations, in Victualling Houses and other Houses specified in this Act (taking care in Ireland not to billet less than Two Men in any One House, except only in case of billetting Cavalry as specially provided); and they shall be received by the Occupiers of such Houses in which they are so allowed to be billetted, and furnished with Stables, Hay, and Straw for such Horses as aforesaid, and in England with Diet and Small Beer, paying and allow-ing for the same the several Rates that are or shall be established by any Act in force in that respect, and for Forage in Ireland the Rates established by the Lord Lieutenant or other sufficient Authority from Time to Time, the same to be regulated by the average Rate of Contracts for Forage in Ireland, and for the Use of Stables in Ireland, Four-pence per Week for each Horse, to be paid only during the Time when such Horses shall be provided with Hay and Straw by Contract, and not by the Occupiers of such Houses as aforesaid; and at no Time when Troops are on a March shall any of them, whether Infantry or Cavalry, be billetted above One Mile from the Place mentioned in the Route; and in all Places where Cavalry shall be billetted in pursuance of this Act the Men and their Horses shall be billetted in one and the same House, except in case of Necessity; and in no other Case whatsoever shall there be less than One Man billetted where there shall be One or Two Horses, nor less than Two Men where there shall be Four Horses, and so in proportion for a greater Number; and in such Case each Man shall be billetted as near his Horse as possible; and the Constables are hereby required to billet all Soldiers and their Horses on their March in a just and equal Proportion upon the Keepers of all Houses within one Mile of the Place mentioned in the Route, although some of such Houses may be in the adjoining County, in like Manner in every Respect as if such Houses were locally situate within such Place; provided that nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to authorize any Constable to billet Soldiers out of the County to which such Constable belongs, when the Constable of the adjoining County shall be present, and undertake to billet the due Proportion of Men in such adjoining County; and no more Billets shall at any Time be ordered than there are effective Soldiers and Horses present to be billetted; all which Billets, when made out by such Constables, shall be delivered into the Hands of the Commanding Officer present; and if any Person shall find himself aggrieved by having an undue Proportion of Soldiers billetted in his House, and shall prefer his Complaint, if against a Constable or other Person not being a Justice, to One or more Justices, and if against a Justice, then to Two or more Justices within whose Jurisdiction such Soldiers are billetted, such Justices respectively shall have Power to order such of the Soldiers to be removed and to be billetted upon other Persons, as they shall see Cause; and when any of His Majesty's Cavalry or any Horses as aforesaid shall be billetted upon the Occupiers of

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 6.

SI

Houses in which Officers or Soldiers may be quartered by virtue of this Act, who shall have no Stables, then and in such Case, and upon Complaint made by the Person having no Stables to Two or more Justices within whose Jurisdiction such Horses shall be so billetted, it shall be lawful for such Justices to order the Men and their Horses, or Horses only, to be billetted upon some other Person or Persons who have Stables by this Act liable to have Officers and Soldiers billetted upon them, and to order a proper Allowance to be paid by the Persons relieved to the Persons receiving such Men and Horses, or to be applied in the furnishing the requisite Accommodation; and Commanding Officers may exchange any Man or Horse billetted in any Place with another Man or Horse billetted in the same Place, for the Benefit of the Service, provided the Number of Men and Horses do not exceed the Number at that Time billetted on such Houses; and the Constables are hereby required to billet such Men and Horses so exchanged accordingly; and it shall be lawful for any Justice, at the Request of any Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding any Soldiers requiring Billets, to extend any Routes or enlarge the District within which Billets shall be required, in such Manner as shall appear to be most convenient to the Troops; provided that, to prevent or punish all Abuses in billetting Soldiers, it shall be lawful for any Justice within his Jurisdiction, by Warrant or Order under his Hand, to require any Constable to give him an Account in Writing of the Number of Officers and Soldiers who shall be quartered by such Constable, together with the Names of the Persons upon whom such Officers and Soldiers are billetted, stating the Street or Place where such Persons dwell, and the Signs, if any, belonging to those Houses; and it shall be lawful to billet Officers and Soldiers in Scotland according to the Provisions of the Laws in force in Scotland at the Time of its Union with England; and no Officer shall be obliged to pay for his Lodging where he shall be regularly billetted, except in the Suburbs of Edinburgh.

L. And be it enacted, That the Officers and Soldiers of His Majesty's Foot Guards shall be billetted within the City and Liberties of Westminster, and Places adjacent, lying in the County of Middlesex (except the City of London), and in the County of Surrey, and in the Borough of Southwark, in the same Manner, and under the same Regulations, as in other Parts of England, in all Cases for which particular Provision is not made by this Act; and the High Constable shall, on Receipt of the Order for billetting Soldiers, deliver Precepts to the several Constables within their respective Divisions, in pursuance of which the said Constables shall billet such Officers and Soldiers equally and proportionally on the Houses subjected thereto by this Act; and the said Constables shall, at every General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said City and Liberties, Counties and Borough respectively, make and deliver to the Justices then in open Session assembled, upon Oath, which Oath the said Justices are hereby required to administer, Lists signed by them respectively, of the Houses subject by this Act to receive Officers and Soldiers, together with the Names and Rank of all Officers and Soldiers billetted on each respectively, which Lists shall remain with the respective

Billetting the Guards in and near Westminster.

32

C. 6.

106 GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Military Officer not to act as a Justice.

Allowance to Innkeepers.

Use of General Terms.

Clerks of the Peace, for the Inspection of all Persons, without Fee or Reward; and such Clerk shall forthwith, from Time to Time, deliver to any Persons who shall require the same true Copies of any such Lists, upon being paid Two-pence a Sheet for the same, each Sheet to contain at least One hundred and fifty Words.

LI. And be it enacted, That no Justice having or executing any Military Office or Commission in any Part of the United Kingdom shall, directly or indirectly, be concerned in the billetting or appointing Quarters for any Soldier in the Regiment, Troop, or Company under the immediate Command of such Justice, but that all Warrants, Acts, or Things so appointed by such Justice for or concerning the same shall be void. 1

LII. And be it enacted, That in case any Victualler or other Person on whom Soldiers may be billetted, except on the March, shall be desirous to furnish such Soldiers with Candles, Vinegar, and Salt, gratis, and to allow to such Soldiers the Use of Fire and the necessary Utensils for dressing and eating their Meat, and shall give Notice of such his Desire to the Commanding Officer, and shall actually furnish the same, then the Soldiers so billetted shall provide their own Victuals and Small Beer; and every Officer to whom it belongs to receive or who does actually receive the Pay for any Officers or Soldiers, shall every Four Days, or before they shall quit their Quarters if they shall not remain so long as Four Days, settle the just Demands of all Victuallers or other Persons upon whom such Officers and Soldiers are billetted, out of their Pay and Subsistence, before any Part of the said Pay or Subsistence be distributed to them respectively; and if any Officer as aforesaid shall not pay the same, upon Complaint and Oath made thereof by any Two Witnesses at the next Quarter Session for the County or City where such Quarters were situated, the Secretary at War is hereby required (upon Certificate of the Justices before whom such Oath was made of the Sum due upon such Accounts, and the Persons to. whom the same is owing,) to give Orders to the Regimental Agent to pay the said Sums, and to charge the same against such Officers; and in case of any Soldier being suddenly ordered to march, and that the respective Commanding Officers are not enabled to make Payment of the Sums due for the Lodgings of the Men; and Stabling for the Horses, every such Officer shall, before his Departure, make up the Account with every Person upon whom such Soldier may have been billetted, and sign a Certificate thereof; which Account-and Certificate shall be transmitted to the Agent of the Regiment, who is hereby required to make immediate Payment thereof, and to charge the same to the Account of such Officer.

LIII. And be it enacted, That all Clauses and Provisions in this Act contained relating to England shall be construed to extend to Wales and the Town of Benvick-upon-Tweed; and all Clauses and Provisions relating to the British Isles shall be construed to extend to Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, and all Isles thereto and to England and Ireland belonging; and all Clauses and Provisions relating to Soldiers shall be construed to extend to Non-commissioned Officers, unless, when otherwise provided; and all Clauses and Provisions relating to Justices shall be construed to extend to all Magistrates authorized to act as

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 6 *

S3

such in their respective Jurisdictions, and to Chief Magistrates of exclusive local Jurisdictions; and all the Powers given to and Regulations made for the Conduct of Constables in relation to the billetting of Officers and Soldiers, and all Penalties and Forfeitures for any Neglect thereof, shall extend to all Tithingmen, Head-boroughs, and such like Officers, and High Constables and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages, Hamlets, Parishes, and Places in England and Ireland, and, on their Default or Absence, to any Justice of the Peace inhabiting in or near to any City, Town, Village, or Place, who shall act in the Execution of this Act in relation to billetting; and all Provisions for billetting Officers and Soldiers in Victualling Houses shall extend and apply to all Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, and to the Houses of Sellers of Wine by Retail, whether British or Foreign, to be drank in their own Houses, or Places thereunto belonging, and to all Houses of Persons selling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cider, or Metheglin, by Retail, in England and Ireland; and in Ireland\ when there shall not be found sufficient Room in such Houses, then to billetting Soldiers in such Manner as has been heretofore customary; provided that no Officer or Soldier shall be billetted in England in any private Houses, or in any Canteen held or occupied under the Authority of the Ordnance Department, or upon Persons who keep Taverns only, being Vintners of the City of London, admitted to their Freedom of the said Company in right of Patrimony or Apprenticeship, notwithstanding such Persons who keep such Taverns only have taken out Victualling Licences, ^nor in the House of any Distiller kept for distilling Brandy and Strong Waters, nor in the House of any Shopkeeper whose principal Dealing shall be more in other Goods and Merchandize than in Brandy and Strong Waters, so as such Distillers and Shopkeepers do not permit Tippling in such Houses, nor in the House of Residence in any Part of the United Kingdom of any Foreign Consul duly accredited as such.

LIV. And be it enacted, That for the regular Provision of Carriages for His Majesty's Forces, and their Baggage, in their Marches in England and Ireland, all Justices of the Peace within their several Jurisdictions, being duly required thereunto by an Order from His Majesty, or the General of His Forces, or the Master General or Lieutenant General of His Majesty's Ordnance, if in England, or by an Order from the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governors of Ireland, or from the Officer commanding His Majesty's Forces in Ireland, or other Person duly authorized in that Behalf, shall, on Production of such Order to such Justices by some Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of the Regiment so ordered to march, issue a Warrant to any Constable having Authority to act in any Place from, through, near, or to which the Troops shall be ordered to march (for each of which Warrants the Fee of One Shilling only shall be paid), requiring him to provide the Carriages, Horses and Oxen, and Drivers therein mentioned, and allowing sufficient Time to do the same, specifying the Places from and to which the said Carriages shall travel, and the Number of Miles between the Places, for which Number only so specified Payment shall be demanded, and which Number of Miles shall not, except in Cases of pressing Emergency, exceed the

Powers and Regulations as to Billets.

Exemptions from Billets.

Supply of Carriages.

C. 6.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

34.

Day's March prescribed in the Order of Route, and shall in no Case exceed Twenty-five Miles; and the Constables receiving such Warrants shall order such Persons as they shall think proper, having Carriages, to furnish the requisite Supply* who are hereby required to furnish the same accordingly; and when sufficient Carriages cannot be procured within the proper Jurisdiction, any Justice of the next adjoining Jurisdiction shall, by a like Course of Proceeding, supply the Deficiency; and in order that the Burthen of providing Carriages may fall equally, and to prevent Inconvenience arising from there being no Justice residing near the Place where Troops may be quartered on the March, any Justice residing nearest to such Place may cause a list to be made out, at least once in every Year, of all Persons liable to fur* nish such Carriages, and of the Number and Description of their said Carriages (which Lists shall at all seasonable Hours be open to the Inspection of the said Persons), and may by Warrant under his Hand authorize the Constables within his Jurisdiction to give Orders to provide Carriages, without any Special Warrant for that Purpose, which Orders shall be valid in all respects; and all Orders for such Carriages shall be made from such Lists in regular Rotation, as far as the same can be done.

*5 a

LV. And be it enacted, That the Rates to be paid for Car-^M°de rjageg impressed shall be, in England, for every Mile which a p Waggon with Four or more Horses, or a Wain with Six Oxen,

or Four Oxen and Two Horses, shall travel, One Shilling; and for every Mile any Waggon with narrow Wheels, or any Cart with Four Horses, carrying not less than Fifteen Hundred Weight, shall travel, Nine-pence; and for every Mile every other Cart or Carriage with less than Four Horses, and not carrying Fifteen Hundred Weight, shall travel, Sixpence; and in Ireland, for every Hundred Weight loaded on any Wheel Carriage, One Halfpenny per Mile; and such further Rates may be added, not exceeding, in England* a total Addition per Mile of Four-pence, Three-pence, or Two-pence, to the respective Rates of One Shilling, Nine-pence, or Sixpence, and not exceeding, in Ireland, an additional Halfpenny per Mile for every Three Hundred Weight, as may seem reasonable to the Justices assembled at General Sessions in England and Ireland, for their respective Districts; and the Order of such Justices at Sessions shall specify the average Price of Hay and Oats at the nearest Market Town at the Time of fixing such additional Rates, the Period for which the Order shall be enforced not exceeding Ten Days beyond the next General Sessions; (and no such Order shall be valid unless a Copy thereof, signed by the presiding Magistrate and One other Justice, shall be transmitted to the Secretary at War within Three Days after the making thereof; ) and in England, when the Day's March shall exceed Fifteen Miles, the Justice granting his Warrant may fix a further reasonable Compensation, not exceeding the usual Rate of Hire fixed by this Act; and when any additional Rates or Compensation shall be granted, the Justice shall insert in his own Hand* in the Warrant, the Amount thereof, and the Date of the Order of Sessions, if fixed by Sessions, and the Warrant shall be given to the Officer commanding, as his Voucher; provided that the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer demanding Carriages by virtue of the

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 6.

36

Warrant of a Justice shall, in England, pay down in hand the proper Sums into the Hands of the Constables providing Carriages, who shall give Receipts for the same on unstamped Paper; and, in Ireland, the Officers or Noncommissioned Officers as aforesaid shall pay the Owners or Drivers of the Carriages; and One Third Part of such Payment shall be made before the Carriage be loaded; and all the said Payments in Ireland shall be made, if required, in Presence of a Justice or Constable; provided that no Carriage shall be liable to carry more than Thirty Hundred Weight in England, and in Ireland no Car shall be liable to carry more than Six Hundred Weight, and no Dray more than Twelve Hundred Weight; but the Owner of such Carriages in Ireland, consenting to carry a greater Weight, shall be paid at the same Rate for every Hundred Weight of the said Excess; and the Owners of such Carriages in Ireland shall not be compelled to proceed, though with any less Weight, under the Sum of Three-pence a Mile for each Car, and Sixpence a Mile for each Dray; and the Loading of such Carriages in Ireland shall be first weighed, if required, at the Expence of the Owner of the Carriage, if the same cxn be done in a reasonable Time, without Hindrance of His Majesty's Service; and the providing and paying for Carriages in Scotland shall be regulated by the Law in force at the Time of the Union with England; provided that a Cart with One or more Horses, for which the Furnisher shall receive Nine-pence a Mile, shall be required to carry Fifteen Hundred Weight at the least; provided that no Penalties or Forfeitures in any Act relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads in the United Kingdom shall apply to the Number of Horses or Oxen, or Weight of Loading of the aforesaid Carriages, which shall not on that Account be stopped or detained.

LVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, or the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governors of Ireland, by His or their Order, distinctly stating that a Case of Emergency doth exist, signified by the Secretary at War, or, if in Ireland, by the Chief Secretary or Under Secretary, or the First Clerk in the Military Department, to authorize any General or Field Officer commanding His Majesty's Forces in any District or Place, or to the Chief Acting Agent for the Supply of Stores and Provisions, by Writing under his Hand, reciting such Order of His Majesty or Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor aforesaid, to require all Justices within their several Jurisdictions in England and Ireland to issue their Warrants for the Provision, not only of Waggons, Wains, Carts, and Cars kept by or belonging to any Person, and for any Use whatsoever, but also of Saddle Horses, Coaches, Post Chaises, Chaises, and other Four-wheeled Carriages kept for Hire, and also of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels used for the Transport of any Commodities whatsoever upon any Canal or Navigable River, as shall be mentioned in the said Warrants, therein specifying the Place and Distance to which such Carriages or Vessels shall go; and on the Production of such Requisition to such Justice by any Officer of the Corps ordered to be conveyed, or by any Officer of the Commissariat or Ordnance Department, such Justice shall take all the same Proceedings in regard to such additional Supply so required on the said Emergency as he is by

Supply of Carriages in Cases of Emergency.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

C. 0>

this Act required to take for the ordinary Provision of Carriages; and all Provisions whatsoever of this Act, as regards the procuring of the ordinary Supply of Carriages, and the Duties of Officers and Non-commissioned Officers, Justices, Constables, and Owners of Carriages, in that Behalf, shall be to all Intents and Purposes applicable for the providing and Payment, according to the Rate of Posting or of Hire usually paid for such other Description of Carriages or Vessels so required on Emergency, according to the Length of the Journey or Voyage in each Case, but making no Allowance for Post Horse Duty, or Turnpike, Canal River, or Lock Tolls, which Duty or Tolls are hereby declared not to be demandable for such Carriages and Vessels while employed in such Service or returning therefrom; and it shall be lawful to convey thereon, not only the Baggage, Provisions, - and Military Stores of such Regiment or Detachment, but also the Officers, Soldiers, Servants; Women, Children, and other Persons of and belonging to the sapie; and it shall be lawful for the Justice? of the Peace assembled at their Quarter Sessions to direct the Treasurer to pay, without Fee, out of the Public Stock of the County or Riding, or if such Public Stock be insufficient, then out of Monies which the said Justices shall have Power to raise for that Purpose, in like Manner as for County Gaols and Bridges, such reasonable Sums as shall have been expended by the Constables within their respective Jurisdictions for the Carriages and Vessels aforesaid, over and above what was or ought to have been paid by the Officer requiring the same, regard being had to the Season of the Year and Condition of the Ways by which such Carriages and Vessels are to pass.

Carriages at

LVII. And be it enacted, That whenever it shall be necessary

Dublin, to impress Carriages for the March of Soldiers from Dublin, at

least Twenty-four Hours Notice of such March, and in case of Emergency as long Notice as the Case will admit, shall be given to the Lord Mayor of Dublin, who shall summon a proportionable Number of Cars and Drays, at his Discretion, out of the licensed Cars and Drays, and other Cars and Drays, within the County of the said City, and they shall by Turns be employed on this Duty at the Prices and under the Regulations herein-before mentioned; and no Country Cars, Drays, or other Carriages coming to Markets in Ireland shall be detained or employed against the Will of the Owners in carrying the Baggage of the Army, on any Pretence whatsoever.

Routes in

LVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord

Ireland# Lieutenant or other Chief Governor for the Time being of Ireland,

to depute, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, some proper Person to sign Routes for the marching of any of His Majesty's Forces in Ireland, in the Name of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor.

[Tolls.]

LIX. And be it enacted, That all His Majesty's Officers and Soldiers, being in proper Staff or Regimental or Military Uniform, Dress or Undress, and their Horses on Duty or on their March, and all Carriages and Horses belonging to His Majesty or employed in his Service, when conveying Persons or Baggage, under the Provisions of this Act, or returning therefrom, shall be exempted from Payment of any Duties and Tolls on embarking or

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 6.

S7

disembarking from or upon any Pier, Wharf, Quay, or Landing Place, or passing Turnpike Roads or Bridges, otherwise demandable by virtue of any Act already made or hereafter to be made; provided that nothing herein contained shall exempt any Boats, Barges, or other Vessels employed in conveying the said Persons, Horses, Baggage, or Stores along any Canal, from Payment of Tolls, in like Manner as other Boats, Barges, and Vessels are liable thereto.

LX. And be it enacted, That when any Soldiers on Service have Occasion in their March to pass regular Ferries in Scotland, the Officer commanding may at his Option pass over with his Soldiers as Passengers, and shall pay for himself and each Soldier One Half only of the ordinary Rate payable by single Persons, or may hire the Ferry Boat for himself and his Party, debarring others for that Time, and shall in such Case pay only Half the ordinary Rate for such Boat.

LXI. And be it enacted, That if any Constable or other Person, who by virtue of this Act shall be employed in billetting any Officers or Soldiers in any Part of the United Kingdom, shall presume to billet any such Officer or Soldier in any House not within the Meaning of this Act, without the Consent of the Owner or Occupier thereof; or shall neglect or refuse to billet any Officer or Soldier on Duty, when thereunto required, in such Manner as is by this Act directed, provided sufficient Notice be given before the Arrival of such Troops; or shall receive, demand, or agree for any Money or Reward whatsoever, in order to excuse any Person from receiving such Officer or Soldier, or shall quarter any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officer or Soldier in any such Houses, against the Consent of the Occupiers; or shall neglect or refuse to execute such Warrants of the Justices as shall be directed to him for providing Carriages, Horses, or Vessels, or shall demand more than the legal Rates for the same; or if any Person appointed by such Constable to provide Carriages, Horses, or Vessels, shall do any Act or Thing by which the Execution of such Warrants shall be hindered; or if any Constable shall neglect to deliver in to the Justices at Quarter Sessions Lists of Officers and Soldiers of the Foot Guards quartered according to the Provision of this Act, or shall cause to be delivered defective Lists of the same; or if any Person, liable by this Act to have any Officer or Soldier quartered on him, shall refuse to receive or to afford proper Accommodation or Diet, or to furnish the several Things directed to be furnished to Officers and Soldiers, or shall neglect or refuse to furnish good and sufficient Stables, together with good and sufficient Hay and Straw for each Horse, at the Rate established by any Act in force in that respect; such Constables, Victualler, and other Persons respectively shall forfeit for every Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings.

LXII. And be it enacted, That if any Military Officer shall take upon him to quarter Soldiers otherwise than is limited and allowed by this Act, or shall use or offer any Menace or Compulsion to or upon any Mayors, Constables, or other Civil Officers, tending to deter and discourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty under this Act, or tending to induce any of them to

Ferries in Scotland.

Penalties upon Civil Subjects offending against the Laws relating to Billets and Carriages.

Penalties upon the Military so offending.

C. 6.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Penalty on purchasing Soldiers Necessaries, Stores, &c.

Penalty on unlawful Re. era i ting. '

do any Thing contrary to their said Duty, such Officer shall for every such Offence (being thereof convicted before any Two or more Justices of the County by the Oath of Two credible Witnesses) be deemed and taken to be ipso facto cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to hold any Military Employment in His Majesty's Service; provided that a Certificate thereof shall be transmitted by the said Justice to the Judge Advocate in 1London, who is hereby required to certify the same to the Commander in Chief and Secretary at War, and that the said Conviction be affirmed at some Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the said County held next after the Expiration of Three Months after such Certificate of the Justice shall have been transmitted as aforesaid; and if any Military Officer shall take, or knowingly suffer to be taken, any Money or Reward of any Person for excusing the quartering of Officers or Soldiers, or shall billet any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officer or Soldier in any House, against the Consent of the Occupier, he shall, upon being convicted thereof before a General Court-martial, be cashiered; and if any Officer shall constrain any Carriage to travel beyond the Distance specified in the Justice's Warrant, or shall not discharge the same in due Time for their Return Home on the same Day, if it be practicable, except in the Case of Emergency, for which the Justice shall have given Licence, or shall compel the Driver of any Carriage to take up any Soldier or Servant (except such as are sick), or any Woman to ride therein, except in case of Emergency as aforesaid, or shall force any Constable, by threatening Words, to provide Saddle Horses for himself or Servants, or shall force Horses from their Owners, or in Ireland shall force the Owner to take any Loading until the same shall be first duly weighed, if the same can be done within a reasonable Time, or shall, contrary to the Will of the Owner or his Servant, permit any Person whatsoever to put any greater Load upon any Carriage than is directed by this Act, shall forfeit for every Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

LXIII. And be it enacted, That any Person who shall knowingly detain, buy, exchange, or receive from any Soldier or Deserter, or any other Person, on any Pretence whatsoever, or shall solicit or entice any Soldier, knowing him to be such, to sell any Arms, Ammunition, Clothes, or Military Furniture, or any Provisions, or any Sheets or other Articles used in Barracks, provided under Barrack Regulations, or any Regimental Necessaries, or any Article of Forage provided for any Horses belonging to His Majesty's Service, or shall change the Colour of any Clothes as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds, together with Treble the Value of all or any of the several Articles of which such Offender shall so become possessed.

LXIV. And be it enacted, That all the Persons (except such Recruiting Parties as may be stationed under Military Command) who shall cause to be advertised, posted, or dispersed Bills for the Purpose of procuring Recruits or Substitutes for the Line, Embodied Militia, or East India Company's Service, or shall open or keep any House, Place of Rendezvous, or Office, or receive any Person therein under such Bill or Advertisement as connected with the Recruiting Service, or shall directly or indirectly inter-

10° GEO. IV. C. 6.

39

fere therewith, without Permission in Writing from the Adjutant General, or from the Directors of the East India Company (as the Case may be), shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LXV. And be it enacted, That every Person, not being an authorized Army Agent, who shall negociate or act as Agent for and in relation to the Purchase, Sale, or Exchange of any Commission in His Majesty's Forces, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and every Person, whether authorized or not as an Army Agent, who shall receive any Money or Reward in respect of any such Purchase, Sale, or Exchange, or shall negociate or receive for any Purpose whatsoever any Money or Consideration where no Price is allowed by His Majesty's *Regulations, or any Money or Consideration exceeding the Amount so allowed, shall forfeit One hundred Pounds, and Treble the Value of the Consideration where the Commission is not allowed to be sold, or Treble the Excess of such Consideration beyond the regulated Price.

LXVI. And for the better Preservation of Game and Fish in or near such Places where any Officers shall at any Time be quartered, be it enacted, That every Officer who shall, without Leave in Writing from the Persons entitled to grant such Leave, take* kill, or destroy any Game or Fish within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and upon Complaint thereof shall' be, upon Oath of One or more credible Witnesses, convicted before any Justice, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds.

LXVII. And be it enacted, That no Officer of His Majesty's Forces, residing in Barracks or elsewhere under Military Law, shall be deemed liable to have any Parish Poor Child bound Apprentice to him.

LXVIII. And be it enacted, That any Justice in the United Kingdom, within whose Jurisdiction any Soldier having a Wife or Child shall be billetted, may summon such Soldier before him in the Place where he is billetted (which Summons he is hereby directed to obey), and take his Examination in Writing, upon Oath, touching the Place of his last legal Settlement in England, and such Justice shall give an attested Copy of such Examination to the Person examined, to be by him delivered to his Commanding Officer, to be produced when required; which said Examination and such attested Copy shall be at any Time admitted in Evidence as to such last legal Settlement before any Justice or at any General or Quarter Sessions, although such Soldier be dead or absent from the Kingdom; provided that in case any Soldier shall be again summoned to make Oath as aforesaid, then, on such Examination or such attested Copy thereof being produced by him or by any other Person on his Behalf, such Soldier shall not be obliged to take any other Oath with regard to his legal Settlement, but shall leave a Copy of such Examination, or a Copy of such attested Copy of Examination, if required.

LXIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justice before whom any Recruit shall be attested, before the Expiration of the Term of Service for which he had been hired by his Master, to adjudge to such Recruit a reasonable Proportion

Penalty on trafficking in Commissions.

Penalty on killing Game.

Officers not liable to take Parish Apprentices.

Mode of recording Soldier's Settlement

Wages of a Servant enlisting.

40

C. 6.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Licences of Canteens.

Attestation of Accounts.

Forms of Actions at Law.

Recovery of Penalties.

of his Wages for the Time he has actually served; aod the said Justice shall give an Order, and enforce within Four Days the Payment of the Amount so awarded.

LXX. And be it enacted, That when any Persons shall hold any Canteens under proper Authority of the Board of Ordnance, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices, within their respective Jurisdictions, to grant or transfer any Beer, Wine, or Spirit Licence to such Persons, without regard to the Time of Year, or to the Notices or Certificates required by any Act in respect of such Licences; and the Commissioners of Excise, or their proper Officers within their respective Districts, shall also grant such Licences as aforesaid; find such Persons so holding Canteens, and having such Licences, may sell therein Victuals and Exciseable Liquors, as empowered by such Excise Licence, without being subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture.

LXXI. And be it enacted, That all Muster Rolls and Pay Lists which are required to be verified upon Oath shall be sworn before and attested by any Justice, without Fee or Reward to himself or his Clerk.

LXXII. And be it enacted, That any Action which shall be brought against any Person for any Thing to be done in pursuance of this Act shall be brought within Six Months, and it shall be lawful for every such Person to plead thereunto the General Issue of Not Guilty, and to give all special Matter in Evidence to the Jury which shall try the Issue; and if the-Verdict shall be for the Defendant in any such Action, or the Plaintiff therein become nonsuit, or suffer any Discontinuance thereof, or if, in Scotland, such Court shall see fit to assoilzie the Defendant or dismiss the Complaint, the Court in which the said Matter shall be tried shall allow unto the Defendant Treble Costs, for which the said Defendant shall have the like Remedy as in other Cases where Costs by the Laws of this Realm are given to Defendants; and every Action against any Person for any Thing to be done in pursuance of this Act, or against any Member or Minister of a Court-martial, in respect of any Sentence of such Court, or of any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of such Sentence, shall be brought in some of the Courts of Record at Westminster or in Dublin, or the Court of Session in Scotland, and in no other Court whatsoever.

LXXIII. And be it enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, over and above any Forfeiture of Value or Treble Value, shall and may be recovered in every Part of the United Kingdom under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate summary Proceedings before Justices of the Peace and others, and of another Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the more effectual Recovery of Penalties before Justices and Magistrates on Conviction of Offenders, for facilitating the Execution of Warrants by Conviction; which said recited Acts shall be used and applied, in Scotland, for the Recovery of all such Penalties and Forfeitures, as fully, to all Intents, as if the said iecited Acts had extended to Scotland, any Thing in the said recited Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; and all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, exceeding Twenty Pounds,

10° GEO. IV. C. 6.

41

shall be recovered by Action in some of the Courts of Record at Westminster or in Dublin, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, and in no other Court.

LXXIV. And be it enacted, That one Moiety of every Penalty adjudged or recovered under the Provisions of this Act shall go to the Person who shall inform or sue for the same, and the other Moiety shall be paid to the General Agent for the Recruiting Service, to be at the Disposal of the Secretary at War; and every Justice who shall adjudge any Penalty under this Act shall, within Four Days at the farthest, report the same to the Secretary at War.

LXXV. And be it enacted, That all Oaths which are authorized and required by this Act may be administered (unless where otherwise provided) by any Justice of the Peace, or Magistrate acting as such; and that any Person taking a false Oath in any Case wherein an Oath is required to be taken by this Act shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and being thereof duly convicted shall be liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Laws now in force any Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to,

LXXVI. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be and continue in force within Great Britain from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty; and shall be and continue in force within Ireland, and in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Isle of Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, until the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty; and shall be and continue in force within the Garrison of Gibraltar, the Mediterranean, and in Spain and Portugal, from the Twenty-fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty; and shall be and continue in force in all other Parts of Europe where His Majesty's Forces may be serving, and in the West Indies and America, from the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, to the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirty; and shall be "and continue in force within the Cape of Good Hope, the Isle (f France and Bourbon, and Islands thereto belonging, Saint Helena, and the Western Coast of Africa, from the Twenty-fifth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, to the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirty; and shall be and continue in force in all other Places from the Twenty-fifth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, to the First Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty; provided that this Act shall, from and alter the Receipt and Promulgation thereof in General Orders in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, become and be in full Force; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXVII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

Appropriation of Penalties.

Perjury under this Act.

Duration of the Act.

Alteration of the Act.

SCHEDULES

48

C. 6«

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

FORM of Oaths to be taken by Members of Courts-martial.

VOU shall well and truly try and determine according to the Evidence in the Matter now before you. So help you GOD.

I do swear, That I will duly administer Justice,

A according to the Rules and Articles for the better Government of His Majesty's Forces, and according to an Act now in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and other Crimes therein mentioned, without Partiality, Favour, or Affection, and, if any Doubt shall arise which is not explained by the said Articles or Act, according to ray Conscience, the best of my Understanding, and the Custom of War in the like Cases: And I further swear, that I will not divulge the Sentence of the Court until it shall be duly approved; neither will I, upon any Account, at any Time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness by a Court of Justice or a Court-martial in a due Course of Law. So help me GOD.

FORM of Oath of Judge Advocate.

I do swear, That I will not, upon any Account

whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness by a Court of Justice or a Court-martial in a due Course of Law. So help me GOD.

NOTICE to be given to all Recruits before their Attestation.

ANY Man who is enrolled in the Militia, and who, upon offering to enlist in the Army, denies that he belongs to the Militia, is liable, upon Conviction before a Magistrate, to be committed to Prison for Six Months, over and above any other Penalty or Punishment which, he may thereby incur for obtaining Money on false Pretences.

DECLARATION of the Recruit.

T - do hereby acknowledge. That the above Notice

has been read over to me, and that I was strictly questioned by f whether I did or did not belong to the

Militia, and that I answered that I did not. I also hereby declare, That I did not then and do not now belong to the Militia.

__________Signature of Recruit.

Signed in my Presence,

__________Justice of the Peace.

f This Blank to be filled up by the Name of the Non-commissioned Officer ot Man who actually enlisted the Recruit.

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV.

49

C. 6 *

OATH of Allegiance and Fidelity.

J SWEAR, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and that I will, as in Duty bound, honestly and faithfully defend His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Person, Crown, and Dignity, against all Enemies; and will observe and obey all Orders of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and of the Generals and Officers set over me.

So help me GOD.

FORM of Oath to be taken by a Recruit enlisting for unlimited or limited Service.

T do make Oath, That [I am or have

been, as the Case may be, state Occupation, if any, or state if none,] and to the best of my knowledge and Belief was born in 1st ate County, Parish, Place, et cetera,] and that I am of the Age of Years; that I do not belong to the Militia, or to any other Regiment, or to His Majesty's Navy or Marines; and that I will serve His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors [if for unlimited Service], until I shall be legally discharged; [if for limited Service, then] for the Period of

[this Blank to be filled up by the Justice, with Seven Years for Infantry, Ten Years for Cavalry, and Twelve Years for the Artillery, if the Person enlisting is of the Age of Eighteen Years or upwards; but if under Eighteen Years of Age, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen to be added to such Seven, Ten, or Twelve Years, as the Case may be,] Years, provided His Majesty should for so long require my Service, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Six Months, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station, and not exceeding Three Years, as shall be directed by any Proclamation of His Majesty; such additional Period in the latter Case to determine whenever Six Months of continued Peace, to be reckoned from the Ratification of any definitive Treaty, shall have elapsed subsequent to the Expiration of the said [Seven, Ten, or Twelve, as the Case may be,] Years/

FORM of Certificate to be given by the Justice before whom a Recruit is attested for His Majesty's Service.

T One of his Majesty's Justices of the

Peace of [or. Chief Magistrate of

], do hereby certify, That appearing to be Years old, Feet

Inches high, Complexion, Eyes, Hair, came

before me at on the Day of

, One thousand eight hundred and and stated himself to be of the Age of Years,

and that he had no Rupture, and was not troubled with Fits, and was no ways disabled by Lameness, Deafness, or otherwise, but had the perfect Use of his Limbs and Hearing, and was not an Apprentice;

C. 6.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

tice; and acknowledged that he had voluntarily enlisted himself for the Bounty of to serve His Majesty, His Heirs

and Successors, in the Regiment of

commanded by and did engage to serve

\if the Person is enlisting for unlimited Service, the Justice is to insert the Words until he should be legally discharged and if the Person enlists for limited Service, then this Blank to be fUed up with i for the Period of [this Blank to be filled

up by the Justice, with Seven Years for Infantry, Ten Years for Cavalry, and Twelve Years for the Artillery, if the Person enlisting is of the Age of Eighteen Years or upwards; but if under Eighteen Years, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen to be added to such Seveny Ten, or Twelve Years, as the Case may be; -\ provided His Majesty should for so long require his Services, and also for such further Period as His Majesty shall please to direct, not to exceed in any Case Three Years, and to determine whenever Six Months shall have elapsed of continued Peace subsequent to the Expiration of the Term of [Seven, or Ten, or Twelve] Years: And I do hereby certify, That in my Presence the First and Second Articles of the Second Section of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion, and the Notice contained in the Schedule annexed to the Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, were read over to him; and that he took the Oath of Allegiance and Fidelity, and also the Oath above set forth; and that he received the Sum of on being attested;

and that I have given to the said a Duplicate of

this Certificate, signed with my Name.

OATH of Allegiance and Fidelity, to be taken by a Recruit enlisting for either His Majesty's or the East India Company's Service.

T being enlisted to serve either in His Majesty's

Troops or in the Forces of the East India Company, according as His Majesty shall think fit, do swear, That I will be faithful, and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and that I will, as in Duty bound, honestly and faithfully defend His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Person, Crown, and Dignity, against all Enemies; and will observe and obey all Orders of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and of the Generals and Officers set over me: And that if His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall please to appoint me to serve in the Forces of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, then I swear, That I will also be true to the said United Company, and will duly observe and obey all their Orders, and the Orders of their Generals and Officers who shall be lawfully eet over me.

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 6.

CERTIFICATE to be given by the Justice before whom a Recruit is attested, who has enlisted for the Service either of His Majesty or the East India Company.

}T One of His Majesty's Justices of the

Peace of, certify, That,

aged Years, Feet Inches high,

Complexion, Eyes, Hair, came before me at

, on the Day of One thousand eight hundred and, and acknowledged that he had voluntarily

enlisted himself for the Bounty of, to serve either in

His Majesty's Army or in the Forces of the East India Company, according as His Majesty shall think fit to order s And I further certify, That in my Presence

annexed to the Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, were read over to him; and that he took the Oath of Allegiance and Fidelity; and that he received the Sum of

on being attested.

OATH to be taken by a Recruit enlisting into the East India Company's Service.

T being enlisted to serve in the [Infantry or Artillery,

as the Case may be,] of the East India Company, do swear, That I will be faithful, and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and that I will, as in Duty bound, honestly and faithfully defend His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Person, Crown, and Dignity, against all Enemies; and will observe and obey all Orders of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and of the Generals and Officers set over me; and I swear that I will also be true to the said United Company, and will duly observe and obey all their Orders, and the Orders of their Generals and Officers who shall be lawfully set over me.

FURTHER Oath to be taken by a Recruit enlisting into the East India Company's Service.

J do make Oath, That I am (or have been, as the

Case may be,) [state Occupation, if any, or state if none'], and to the best of my Knowledge and Belief was bom in [state County, Parish, or Place, et cetera], and that I am of the Age of Years; and that I do not belong to the Militia, or to any Regiment in His Majesty's Service, or to His Majesty's Navy or Marines; and that I will serve the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, until I shall be duly and legally discharged; [or if the Recruit enlists for limited Service, then insert 'for the Period of. Twelve Years [if the Person enlisting.is of

the Age of Eighteen Years or upwards, but if under Eighteen Years, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen to be added to suck Twelve Years, as the Case may be, and such Period to be inserted instead of Twelve Years], provided the said United Company should so long require my Service.

CERTI-

C. 6.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

CERTIFICATE to be given by a Justice before whom a Recruit is attested for the Service of the East India Company.

T One of His Majesty's Justices of the

A Peace of [or, Chief Magistrate of ]

do hereby certify, That appeared to be

Years old, Feet Inches high,

Complexion, Eyes, Hair, came before

me at on the Day of

and stated himself to be of the Age of Years, and

that he had no Rupture, and was not troubled with Fits, and was no ways disabled by Lameness, Deafness, or otherwise, but had the perfect Use of his Limbs and Hearing, and was not an Apprentice legally bound so as to prevent his enlisting, and acknowledged that he had voluntarily enlisted himself for the Bounty of to serve the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and did engage to serve for the Period of [this Blank to be JiUed up by the

Magistrate, either until discharged or for Years, as in the preceding Form of Enlistment]: And I do hereby certify, That in my Presence the of the Articles of War against

Mutiny and Desertion, and the Notice contained in the Schedule annexed to the Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, were read over to him; and he took the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the Act of the Fiftieth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, and also the Oath above set forth; and that he received the Sum of on being attested; and that I have

given to the said a Duplicate of this Certificate,

signed with my Name.

FORM of Oath to be taken by a Master whose Apprentice has

absconded.

T of do make Oath, That I am by

Trade a and that was bound to

serve as an Apprentice to me in the said Trade, by Indenture dated the Day of for the Term

of Years; and that the said

did on or about the Day of abscond

and quit my Service without my Consent; and that to the best of my Knowledge and Belief the said

Years. Witness my Hand at the Day of

eight hundred and

Sworn before me at this Day of One thousand eight hundred and

is aged about One thousand

FORM

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 6.

FORM of Justice's Certificate to be given to the Master of an

Apprentice.

One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of certify, That

of came before me at the

Day of One thousand eight hundred and,

and made Oath that he was by trade a, and that

was bound to serve as an Apprentice to him in the said Trade, by Indenture dated the Day of

for the 'term of Years; and that the said

Apprentice did on or about the Day of

abscond and quit the Service of the said without

his Consent, and that to the best of his Knowledge and Belief the said Apprentice is aged about Years.

FORM of Oath of Attestation of a Commissary's Accounts.

J do hereby make Oath, That I have not applied

any Money or Stores, or Supplies, under my Care or Distribution, to my own Use, or to the private Use of any other Person, by Way of Loan to such Person or otherwise, or in any Manner applied them, or knowingly permitted them to be applied, to any other than public Purposes, and according to the Duty of my Office.

Sworn before me by the within-named 1

this Day of J

Justice of the Peace for the Count yof,

or Commander in Chief or Second in Command, et cetera, the Army serving in et cetera

[As the Case may be-\.

DESCRIPTION Return of committed to Confinement at on the Day of

as a Deserter from the Battalion of the Regiment of \ .

Afire. Size. Complexion. Colour of Marks. Probable Date of Enlistment, Probable Date of Desertion, & from whence. Name, Occupation, and Address of the Person by whom apprehended. Particulars of the Evidence upon which the Prisoner is committed. Whether the Prisoner confessed before the Magistrate that he is a Deserter.

6 Feet. Inches. Hair. Eyes. and in what District.

I do hereby certify, That the Prisoner has been duly examined before me as to the Circumstances herein stated, and has declared in my Presence that he a Deserter from the before-mentioned Corps.

i Signature and Address of Magistrate *

---- Signature of Prisoner.

- — ..... — Signature of Informer *

Insert "is" or "is not," as the Case may be.

I certify, That I have inspected the Prisoner, and consider him fit for. active Service.

— ..... Signature of Surgeon.

If a Military Medical Officer be at or near the Place, be will inspect the Deserter, and report as to his Fitness for Military Service,

10° GEO. IV.

49

C. 7.

CAP. VII.

An Act for the Relief of His Majesty's Roman Catholic Subjects.

[18th April 1829.]

WHEREAS by various Acts of Parliament certain Restraints and Disabilities are imposed on the Roman Catholic Subjects of His Majesty, to which other Subjects of His Majesty are not liable: And Whereas it is expedient that such Restraints and Disabilities shall be from henceforth discontinued: And Whereas by various Acts certain Oaths and certain Declarations, commonly called the Declaration against Transubstantiation, and the Declaration against Transubstantiation and the Invocation of Saints and the Sacrifice of the Mass, as practised in the Church of Rome, are or may be required to be taken, made, and subscribed by the Subjects of His Majesty, as Qualifications for sitting and voting in Parliament, and for the Enjoyment of certain Offices, Franchises, and Civil Rights:* Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Commencement of this Act all such Parts of the said Acts as require the said Declarations, or either of them, to be made or subscribed by any of His Majesty's Subjects, as a Qualification for sitting and voting in Parliament, or for the Exercise or Enjoyment of any Office, Franchise, or Civil Right, be and the same are (save as hereinafter provided and excepted) hereby repealed.

II. And be it enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act it shall be lawful for any Person professing the Roman Catholic Religion, being a Peer, or who shall after the Commencement of this Act be returned as a Member of the House of Commons, to sit and vote in either House of Parliament respectively, being in all other respects duly qualified to sit and vote therein, upon taking and subscribing the following Oath, instead of the Oaths of Allegiance, Supremacy, and Abjuration:

Acts relating to Declarations against Transubstantiation repealed.

Roman Catholics may sit and vote in Parliament, on taking the following Oath.

I A.B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King George the Fourth, and will defend him to the utmost of my Power against all Conspiracies and Attempts whatever, which shall be made against his Person, Crown, or Dignity; and I will do my utmost

Endeavour to disclose and make known to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, all Treasons and traitorous Conspiracies

which may be formed against Him or Them: And I do faithfully promise to maintain, support, and defend, to the utmost of my Power, the Succession of the Crown, which Succession, by an Act, intituled An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, is and stands limited to the Princess Sophia, Electress of Hanover, and the Heirs of her Body, being Protestants; hereby utterly renouncing and abjuring any Obedience or Allegiance unto any other Person claiming or pretending a Right to the Crown of this Realm: And I do further declare, That it is not an Article

C. 7.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Hie Name of the Sovereign for the Time being to be used in the Oath.

No Roman Catholic capable of sitting or voting until he has taken the Oath.

Roman Catholics may vote at Elections, and be elected, upon taking the Oath.

of my Faith, and that I do renounce, reject, and abjure the Opinion, that Princes excommunicated or deprived by the Pope, or any other Authority of the See of Rome, may be deposed or murdered by their Subjects, or by any Person whatsoever: And

I do declare, That I do not believe that the Pope of Rome, or

any other Foreign Prince, Prelate, Person, State, or Potentate,

hath or ought to have any Temporal of Civil Jurisdiction, Pojrer,

Superiority, or Pre-eminence, directly or indirectly, within this Realm. I do swear, That I will defend to the utmost of my

Power the Settlement of Property within this Realm, as established by the Laws: And I do hereby disclaim, disavow, and solemnly abjure any Intention to subvert the present Church Establishment, as settled by Law within this Realm: And I do solemnly swear, That I never will exercise any Privilege to which I am or may become entitled, tQ disturb or weaken the Protestant Religion or Protestant Government in the United Kingdom:

And I do solemnly, in the presence of God, profess, testify, and declare, That I do make this Declaration, and every Part thereof,

in the plain and ordinary Sense of the Words of this Oath, without any Evasion, Equivocation, or mental Reservation what-

soever. So help me GOD.

III. And be it further enacted, That wherever, in the Oath hereby appointed and set forth, the Name of His present Majesty is expressed or referred to, the Name of the Sovereign of thi6 Kingdom for the Time being, by virtue of the Act for the further Limitation of the Crown and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, shall be substituted from Time to Time, with proper Words of Reference thereto.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no. Peer professing the Roman Catholic Religion, and no Person professing the Roman Catholic Religion, who shall be returned a Member of the House of Commons after the Commencement of this Act, shall be capable of sitting or voting in either House of Parliament respectively, unless he shall first take and subscribe the Oath hereinbefore appointed and set forth, before the same Persons, at the same Times and Places, and in the same Manner as the Oaths and the Declaration now required by Law are respectively directed to be taken, made, and subscribed; and that any such Person professing the Roman Catholic Religion, who shall sit or vote in either House of Parliament, without having first taken and subscribed, in the Manner aforesaid, the Oath in this Act appointed and set forth, shall be subject to the same Penalties, Forfeitures, and, Disabilities, and the Offence of so sitting or voting shall be followed and attended by and with the same Consequences, as are by Law enacted and provided in the Case of Persons sitting or voting in either House of Parliament respectively, without the taking, making, and subscribing the Oaths and the Declaration now required by Law.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Persons professing the Roman Catholic Religion to vote at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for England and for Ireland, and also to vote at the Elections of Representative Peers of Scotland and of Ireland, ancfto be elected such Representative Peers, being in all other respects duly qualified, upon taking and subscribing

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 7.

£1

scribing the Oath hereinbefore appointed and set forth, instead of the Oaths of Allegiance, Supremacy, and Abjuration, and instead of the Declaration now by Law required, and instead also of such other Oath or Oaths as are now by Law required to be taken by any of His Majesty's Subjects professing the Roman Catholic Religion, and upon taking also such other Oath or Oaths as may how be lawfully tendered to any Peftons offering to vote at such Elections.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Oath hereinbefore Oath shall be appointed and set forth shall be administered to His Majesty's administered in Subjects professing the Roman Catholic Religion, for the Purpose the 8ame Man* of enabling them to vote in any of the Cases aforesaid, in the Q^t"former same Manner, at the same Time, and by the same Officers or

other Persons as the Oaths for which it is hereby substituted are or may be now by Law administered; and that in all Cases in which a Certificate of the taking, making, or subscribing of any of the Oaths or of the Declaration now required by Law is directed to be given, a like Certificate of the taking or subscribing of the Oath hereby appointed and set forth shall be given by the same Officer or other Person, and in the same Manner as the Certificate now required by Law is directed to be given, and shall be of the like Force and Effect.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the Persons ad-Persons now authorized by Law to administer the Oaths of Alle- ministering giance, Supremacy, and Abjuration to Persons voting at Elections, t^a*st^tt^lee^*n are themselves required to take an Oath previous to their admi- Oath duly to nistering such Oaths, they shall, in addition to the Oath now by administer, them taken, take an Oath for the duly administering the Oath

hereby appointed and set forth, and for the duly granting Certificates of the same.

VIII. And Whereas in an Act of the Parliament of Scotland So much of any made in the Eighth and Ninth Session of the First Parliament of '^ct*1M TttJu, re 4 King William the Third, intituled An Act for the preventing the contain^in

Growth of Popery, a certain Declaration or Formula is therein 8 & 9 w. s.

contained, which it is expedient should no longer be required c.s. (S.) to be

to be taken and subscribed:' Be it therefore enacted, That tendered or

such Parts of any Acts as authorize the said Declaration or For- re"

mula to be tendered, or require the same to be taken, sworn, and pealed *

subscribed, shall be and the same are hereby repealed, except as

to such Offices, Places, and Rights as are hereinafter excepted;

and that from and after the Commencement of this Act it shall be Roman Ca-

1 awful for Persons professing the Roman Catholic Religion to elect tholics may

and be elected Members to serve in Parliament for Scotland, and elect n^rbe

to be enrolled as Freeholders in any Shire or Stewartry of Scotland, and to be chosen Commissioners or Delegates for choosing ]anda

Bilrgesses to serve in Parliament for any Districts or Burghs in

Scotland, being in all other respects duly qualified, such Persons

always taking and subscribing the Oath hereinbefore appointed

and set forth, instead of the Oaths of Allegiance and Abjuration

as now required by Law, at such Time as the said last-mentioned

Oaths, or either of them, are now required by Law to be taken.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Person in Holy Orders ^thRJ).mpn. in the Church of Rome shall be capable of being elected to serve to #it, n the hr Parliament as a Member of the House of Commons; and if House of Com-

E 2 any mons.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Roman Catholics may hold Civil and Military Offices under His Majesty, with certain Exceptions.

Not to exempt Roman Catholics from taking any other OaUis required.

Offices withheld from Roman Catholics.

Nothing herein to repeal 7 G.4. c. 72.

C. 7.

any such Person shall be elected to serve in Parliament as Aforesaid, such Election shall be void; and if any Person, being elected to serve in Parliament as a Member of the House of Commons, shall, after his Election, take or receive Holy Orders in the Church of Rome, the Seat of such Person shall immediately become void; and if any such Person shall, in any of the Cases aforesaid, presume to sit or vote as a Member of the House of Commons, he shall be subject to the same Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities as are enacted by an Act passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to remove Doubts respecting the Eligibility of Persons in Holy Orders to sit in the House of Commons; and Proof of the Celebration of any Religious Service by such Person, according to the Rites of the Church of Rome, shall be deemed and taken to be prima facie Evidence of the Fact of such Person being in Holy Orders, within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

X. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of His Majesty's Subjects professing the Roman Catholic Religion to hold, exercise, and enjoy all Civil and Military Offices and Places of Trust or Profit under His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, and to exercise any other Franchise or Civil Right, except as hereinafter excepted, upon taking and subscribing, at the Times and in the Manner hereinafter mentioned, the Oath hereinbefore appointed and set forth, instead of the Oaths of Allegiance, Supremacy, and Abjuration, and instead of such other Oath or Oaths as are or may be now by Law required to be taken for the Purpose aforesaid by any of His Majesty's Subjects professing the Roman Catholic Religion.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to exempt any Person professing the Roman Catholic Religion from the Necessity of taking any Oath or Oaths, or making any Declaration, not herein-before mentioned, which are or may be by Law required to be taken or subscribed by any Person on his Admission into any such Office or Place of Trust or Profit as aforesaid.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to enable any Person or Persons professing the Roman Catholic Religion to hold or exercise the Office of Guardians and Justices of the United Kingdom, or of Regent of the United Kingdom, under whatever Name, Style, or Title such Office may be constituted; nor to enable any Person, otherwise than as he is now by Law enabled, to hold or enjoy the Office of Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lord Commissioner of the Great Seal of Great Britain or Ireland; or the Office of Lord Lieutenant, or Lord Deputy, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland; or His Majesty's High Commissioner to the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to affect or alter any of the Provisions of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Laics which regulate the Levy and Application of Church Rates and

10° GEO. IV.

53

C. 7.

Parish Cesses, and the Election of Churchwardens, and the Maintenance of Parish Clerks, in Ireland.

XIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of His Majesty's Subjects professing the Roman Catholic Religion to be a Member of any Lay Body Corporate, and to hold any Civil Office or Place of Trust or Profit therein, and to do any Corporate Act, or vote in any Corporate Election or other Proceeding, upon taking and subscribing the Oath hereby appointed and set forth, instead of the Oaths of Allegiance, Supremacy, and Abjuration; and upon taking also such other Oath or Oaths as may now by Law be required to be taken by any Persons becoming Members of such Lay Body Corporate, or being admitted to hold any Office or Place of Trust or Profit within the same.

XV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to authorize or empower any of His Majesty's Subjects professing the Roman Catholic Religion, and being a Member of any Lay Body Corporate, to give any Vote at, or in any Manner to join in the Election, Presentation, or Appointment of any Person to any Ecclesiastical Benefice whatsoever, or any Office or Place belonging to or connected with the United Church of England and Inland, or the Church of Scotland, being in the Gift, Patronage, or Disposal of such Lay

Corporate Body.

XVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to enable any Persons, otherwise than as they are now by Law enabled, to hold, enjoy, or exercise any Office, Place, or Dignity of, in, or belonging to the United Church of England and Ireland, or the Church of Scotland, or any Place or Office whatever of, in, or belonging to any of the Ecclesiastical Courts of Judicature of England and Ireland respectively, or any Court of Appeal from or Review of the Sentences of such Courts, or of, in, or belonging to the Commissary Court of Edinburgh, or of, in, or belonging to any Cathedral or Collegiate or Ecclesiastical Establishment or Foundation; or any Office or Place whatever of, in, or belonging to any of the Universities of this Realm; or any Office or Place whatever, and by whatever Name the same may be called, of, in or belonging to any of the Colleges or Halls of the said Universities, or the Colleges of Eton, Westminster, or Winchester, Or any College or School within this Realm; or to repeal, abrogate, or in any Manner to interfere with any local Statute, Ordinance, or Rule, which is or shall be established by competent Authority within any University, College, Hall, or School, by which Roman Catholics shall be prevented from being admitted thereto, or from residing or taking Degrees therein: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to enable any Person, otherwise than as he is now by Law enabled, to exercise any Right of Presentation to any Ecclesiastical Benefice whatsoever; or to repeal, vary, or alter in any Manner the Laws now in force in respect to the Right of Presentation to any Ecclesiastical Benefice.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Right of Presentation to any Ecclesiastical Benefice shall belong to any Office in the Gift or Appointment of His Majesty, His

E 3 Heirs

Roman Catholics may be Members of Lay Corporations.

Such Members of Corporations not to vote in Ecclesiastical Appointments.

Not to extend to Offices, &c. in the Established Church, Ecclesiastical Courts, Universities, Colleges, or Schools;

nor to Presentations to Benefices.

Proviso for Presentations to Benefices connected'with

Offices.

54

C. 7.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

No Roman Catholic to ad. *ise the Crown in the Appointment to Offices in the Established Church.

Time and Manner of taking Oaths for Corporate Offices.

Time and Manner of taking Oaths for other Offices.

Heirs or Successors, and such Office shall be held by a Person

professing the Roman Catholic Religion, the Right of Presentation fthall devolve upon and be exercised by the Archbishop of Canterbury for the Time being.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person professing the Roman Catholic Religion, directly or indirectly, to advise His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or any Person or Persons holding or exercising the Office of Guardians of the United Kingdom, or of Regent of the United Kingdom, under whatever Name, Style, or Title such Office may be constituted, or the Lord Lieutenant, or Lord Deputy, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, touching or concerning the Appointment to or Disposal of any Office or Preferment in the United Church of England and Ireland, dr in the Church of Scotland; and if any such Person shall offend in the Premises, he* shall, being thereof convicted by due Course of Law, be deemed guilty of a high Misdemeanor, and disabled for ever from holding any Office, Civil or Military, under the Crown.

XIX. And be it enacted, That every Person professing the Roman Catholic Religion, who shall after the Commencement of this Act be placed, elected, or chosen in or to the Office of Mayor, Provost, Alderman, Recorder, Bailiff, Town Clerk, Magistrate, Councillor, or Common Councilman, or in or to any Office of Magistracy or Place of Trust or Employment relating to the Government of any City, Corporation, Borough, Burgh, or District within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, shall, within One Calendar Month next before or upon his Admission into any of the same respectively, take and subscribe the Oath herein-before appointed and set forth, in the Presence of such Person or Persons respectively as by the Charters or Usages of the said respective Cities, Corporations, Burghs, Boroughs, or Districts ought to administer the Oath for due Execution of the said Offices or Places respectively; and in Default of such, in the Presence of Two Justices of the Peace, Councillors or Magistrates of the said Cities, Corporations, Burghs, Boroughs, or Districts, if such there be; or otherwise, in the Presence of Two Justices of the Peace of the respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, or Franchises wherein the said Cities, Corporations, Burghs, Boroughs, or Districts are; which said Oath shall either be entered in a Book, Roll, or other Record to be kept for that Purpose, or shall be filed amongst the Records of the City, Corporation, Burgh, Borough, or pistrict.

XX. And be it enacted, That every Person professing the Roman Catholic Religion, who shall after the Commencement of this Act be appointed to any Office or Place of Trust or Profit under His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall within Three Calendar Months next before such Appointment, or otherwise shall, before he presumes to exercise or enjoy or in any Manner to act in such Office or Place, take and subscribe the Oath hereinbefore appointed and set forth, either in His Majesty's High Court of Chancery, or in any of His Majesty's Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer, at Westminster or Dublin; or before any Judge of Assize, or in any Court of General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace in Great Britain or Ireland, for the County

10° GEO. IV. C. 7. 55

or Place where the Person so taking and subscribing the Oath shall reside; or in any of His Majesty's Courts of Session, Justiciary, Exchequer, or Jury Court, or in any Sheriff or Stewart Court, or in any Burgh Court, or before the Magistrates and Councillors of any Royal Burgh in Scotland, between the Hours of Nine in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon; and the proper Officer of the Court in which such Oath shall be so taken and subscribed shall cause the same to be preserved amongst the Records of the Court; and such Officer shall make, sign, and deliver a Certificate of such Oath having been duly taken and subscribed, as often as the same shall be demanded of him, upon Payment of Two Shillings and Sixpence for the same; and such Certificate shall be sufficient Evidence of the Person therein named having duly taken and subscribed such Oath.

XXI. And be it enacted, That if any Person professing the Roman Catholic Religion shall enter upon the Exercise or Enjoyment of any Office or Place of Trust or Profit under His Majesty, or of any other Office or Franchise, not having in the Manner and at the Times aforesaid taken and subscribed the Oath hereinbefore appointed and set forth, then and in every such Case such Person shall forfeit to His Majesty the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and the Appointment of such Person to the Office, Place, or Franchise so by him held shall become altogether void, and the Office, Place, or Franchise shall be deemed and taken to be vacant to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXII. Provided always, That for and notwithstanding any thing in this Act contained, the Oath herein-before appointed and set forth shall be taken by the Officers in His Majesty's Land and Sea Service, professing the Roman Catholic Religion, at the same Times and in the same Manner as the Oaths and Declarations now required by Law are directed to be taken, and not otherwise.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Oath or Oaths shall be tendered to or required to be taken by His Majesty's Subjects professing the Roman. Catholic Religion, for enabling them to hold or enjoy any Real or Personal Property, other than such as may by Law be tendered to and required to be taken by His Majesty's other Subjects; and that the Oath herein appointed and set forth, being taken and subscribed in any of the Courts, or before any of the Persons above mentioned, shall be of the same Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes, as, and shall stand in the Place of, all Oaths and Declarations required or prescribed by any Law now in force for the Relief of His Majesty's Roman Catholic Subjects from any Disabilities, Incapacities* or Penalties; and the proper Officer of any of the Courts above mentioned, in which any Person professing the Roman Catholic Religion shall demand to take and subscribe the Oath herein appointed and set forth, is hereby authorized and required to administer the said Oath to such Person; and such Officer shall make, sign, and deliver a Certificate of such Oath having been duly taken and subscribed, as often as the same shall be demanded of him, upon Payment of One Shilling; and such Certificate shall be sufficient Evidence of the Person therein named having duly taken mid subscribed such Oath.

Penalty on acting in Offices without taking the Oath.

Oaths by Military and Naval Officers.

No other Oaths necessary to be taken by Roman Catholics.

C. 7.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Titles to Sees, &c. not to be assumed by Roman Catholics.

Judicial or other Officers not to attend with Insignia of Office at any Place of Worship, other than Established Church.

Penalty on Roman Catholic Ecclesiastics officiating, except in their usual Places of Worship.

Not to repeal Statute 5 G.4. c. 25.

For the Suppression of Jesuits and other Religious Orders of the Church of Rome.

XXIV. And Whereas the Protestant Episcopal Church of England and Ireland, and the Doctrine, Discipline, and Government thereof, and likewise the Protestant Presbyterian Church of Scotland, and the Doctrine, Discipline, and Government thereof, are by the respective Acts of Union of England and Scotland, and of Great Britain and Ireland, established permanently and inviolably: And Whereas the Right and Title of Archbishops to their respective Provinces, of Bishops to their Sees, and of Deans to their *beaneries, as well in England as in Ireland, have been settled and established by Law; Be it therefore enacted, That if any Person, after the Commencement of this Act, other than the Person thereunto authorized by Law, shall assume or use the Name, Style, or Title of Archbishop of any Province, Bishop of any Bishoprick, or Dean of any Deanery, in England or Ireland, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person holding any Judicial or Civil Office, or any Mayor, Provost, Jurat, Bailiff, or other Corporate Officer, shrill, after the Commencement of this Act, resort to or be present at any Place or Public Meeting for Religious Worship in England or in Ireland, other than that of the United Church of England and Ireland, or in Scotland, other than that of the Church of Scotland, as by Law established, in the Robe, Gown, or other peculiar Habit of his Office, or attend with the Ensign or Insignia, or any Part thereof, of or belonging to such his Office, such Person shall, being thereof convicted by due Course of Law, forfeit such Office, and pay for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Roman Catholic Ecclesiastic, or any Member of any of the Orders, Communities, or Societies hereinafter mentioned, shall, after the Commencement of this Act, exercise any of the Rites or Ceremonies of the Roman Catholic Religion, or wear the Habits of his Order, save within the usual Places of Worship of the Roman Catholic Religion, or in private Houses, such Ecclesiastic or other Person shall, being thereof convicted by due Course of Law, forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall in any Manner repeal, alter, or affect any Provision of an Act made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, as relates to Burials in suppressed Monasteries, Abbeys, or Convents in Ireland, and to make further Provision with respect to the Burial in Ireland of Persons dissenting from the Established Church.

XXVIII. And Whereas Jesuits, and Members of other Religious Orders, Communities, or Societies of the Church of Rome,

bound by Monastic or Religious Vows, are resident within the United Kingdom; and it is expedient to make Provision for the gradual Suppression and final Prohibition of the same therein Be it therefore enacted, That every Jesuit, and every Member of any other Religious Order, Community, or Society of the Church of Rome, bound by Monastic or Religious Vows, who at the Time of the Commencement of this Act shall be within the United Kingdom,

10° GEO. IV. C. 7.

57

Kingdom, shall, within Six Calendar Months after the Commencement of this Act, deliver to the Clerk of the Peace of the County or Place where such Person shall reside, or to his Deputy, a Notice or Statement, in the Form and containing the Particulars, required to be set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed; which Notice or Statement such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, shall preserve and register amongst the Records of such County or Place, without any Fee, and shall forthwith transmit a Copy of such Notice or Statement to the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, if such Person shall reside in Ireland, or if in Great Britain, to One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State; and in case any Person shall offend in the Premises, he shall forfeit and pay to His Majesty, for every Calendar Month during which he shall remain in the United Kingdom without having delivered such Notice or Statement as is herein-before required, the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Jesuit, or Member of any such Religious Order, Community, or Society as aforesaid, shall, after the Commencement of this Act, come into this Realm, he shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be sentenced and ordered to be banished from the United Kingdom for the Term of his natural Life.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case lany natural-born Subject of this Realm/being at the Time of the Commencement of this Act a Jesuit, or other Member of any such Religious Order, Community, or Society as aforesaid, shall, at the Time of the Commencement of this Act, be out of the Realm, it shall be lawful for such Person to return or to come into this Realm; and upon such his Return or coming into the Realm he is hereby required, within the Space of Six Calendar Months after his first returning or coming into the United Kingdom, to deliver such Notice or Statement to the Clerk of the Peace of the County or Place where he shall reside, or his Deputy, for the Purpose of being so registered and transmitted, as herein-before directed; and in case any such Person shall neglect or refuse so to do, he shall for such Offence forfeit and pay to His Majesty, for every Calendar Month during which he shall remain in the United Kingdom without having delivered such Notice or Statement, the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That, notwithstanding any Thing herein-before contained, it shall be lawful for any One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, being a Protestant, by a Licence in Writing, signed by him, to grant Permission to any Jesuit, or Member of any such Religious Order, Community, or Society as aforesaid, to come into the United Kingdom, and to remain therein for such Period as the said Secretary of State shall think proper, not exceeding in any Case the Space of Six Calendar Months; and it shall also be lawful for any of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to revoke any Licence so granted before the Expiration of the Time mentioned therein, if he shall so think fit; and if any such Person to whom such Licence shall have been granted shall not depart from the United Kingdom

Jesuits, &c. coming into the Realm, to be banished.

Natural-born Subjects, being Jesuits, may return into the Kingdom and be registered.

The Principal Secretaries of State may grant Licences to Jesuits, &c. to come into the Kingdom; and may revoke the same.

C. 7.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Accounts of Licences to be laid before Parliament.

Admitting Persons as Members of such Religious Orders deemed a Misdemeanor.

Any Person so admitted a Member of a Religious Order to be banished.

The Party offending may be banished by His Majesty;

and if at large after Three Months, may be transported for Life.

Not to extend to Female Societies.

Kingdom within Twenty Days after the Expiration of the Time mentioned in such Licence, or if such Licence shall have been revoked, then within Twenty Days after Notice of such Revocation shall have been given to him, every Person so offending shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and being thereof lawfully convicted shall be sentenced and ordered to be banished from the United Kingdom for the Term of his natural Life.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That there shall annually be laid before both Houses of Parliament an Account of all such Licences as shall have been granted for the Purpose herein-before mentioned within the Twelve Months then next preceding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jesuit, or Member of any such Religious Order, Community, or Society as aforesaid, shall, after the Commencement of this Act, within any Part of the United Kingdom, admit any Person to become a Regular Ecclesiastic, or Brother or Member of any such Religious Order, Community, or Society, or be aiding or consenting thereto, or shall administer or cause to be administered, or be aiding or assisting in the administering or taking, any Oath, Vow, or Engagement purporting or intended to bind the Person taking the same to the Rules, Ordinances, or Ceremonies of such Religious Order, Community, or Society, every Person offending in the Premises in England or Ireland shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and in Scotland shall be punished by Fine and Imprisonment.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person shall, after the Commencement of this Act, within any Part of this United Kingdom, be admitted or become a Jesuit, or Brother or Member of any other such Religious Order, Community, or Society as aforesaid, such Person shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and being thereof lawfully convicted shall be sentenced and ordered to be banished from the United Kingdom for the Term of his natural Life.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person sentenced and ordered to be: banished under the Provisions of this Act shall not depart from the United Kingdom within Thirty Days after the pronouncing of such Sentence and Order, k shall be lawful for His Majesty to cause such Person to be conveyed to such Place out of the United Kingdom as His Majesty, by the Advice of His Privy Council, shall direct.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Offender, who shall be so sentenced and ordered to be banished in manner aforesaid, shall, after the End of Three Calendar Months from the Time such Sentence and Order hath been pronounced, be at large within any Part of the United Kingdom, without some lawful Cause, every such Offender being so at large as aforesaid, on being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be transported to such Place as shall be appointed by His Majesty, for the Term of his natural Life.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend in any Manner to affect any Religious Order, Community, or Establishment consisting of Females bound by Religious or Monastic Vows.

XXXVIII. And be it furjther enacted, That all Penalties imposed by this Act shall and may be recovered as a Debt due to

His

Penalties how to be recovered.

10° GEO. IV.

59

C. 7, 8.

His Majesty, by Information to be filed in the Name of His Majesty's Attorney General for England or for Ireland, as the Case may be, in the Courts of Exchequer in England or Ireland respectively, or in the Name of His Majesty's Advocate General in the Court of Exchequer in ScotlandL

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Part thereof, may be repealed, altered, or varied at any Time within this present Session of Parliament.

XL. And be it further enacted, That Ibis Act shall commence and take Effect at the Expiration of Ten Days from and after the passing thereof.

Act may be altered this Session.

[Commencement of Act.]

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Date of the Registry. Name of the Party. Age. Place of Birth. Name of the Order, Community, or Society whereof he is a Member. Name and usual Residence of the next immediate Superior of the Order, Community, or Society. Usual Place of Residence of the Party.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to amend certain Acts of the Parliament of Ireland relative to the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, and to regulate the Qualification of Persons entitled to vote at the Election of Knights of the Shire in Ireland.

[13th April 1829.]

WHEREAS by an Act of the Parliament of Ireland, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth,

[

intituled An Act for the Adjournment of the Parliament, ss H. 8. (L)

and the Place to hold the same, and tohat Persons shall be chosen 6 Knights and Burgesses, it is amongst other Things enacted, that

every Knight, Citizen, and Burgess for every Parliament thereafter within the Realm of Ireland to be summoned, appointed,

or holden, shall be chosen and elected by the greater Numbeu

of the Inhabitants of the said Counties, Cities, and Towns, being present at the said Election by virtue of the King's Writs foe

1 that Intent addressed, and also that every Elector of the said.

Knights shall dispend and have Lands and Tenements of Estate

of Freehold within the said Counties at the least to the yearly (Value of Forty Shillings, over and above all Charges: And (Whereas by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the

C. 8.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

35 G.3. (I.)

So much of S3 H. 8. as relates to the Qualification of Electors for Counties in Ireland, repealed.

No Person to vote at any Election of Knight of the Shire unless he have a Freehold Estate of 10£ a Year.

Nor unless such Freehold, if under 20L a Year, be registered according to this Act.

A Session for registering Freeholds to be holden in each County, at such Days and Places as the Lord Lieutenant shall appoint.

Notice to be given to Clerk

Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for regulating the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, and for repealing the several Acts therein mentioned, and also by subsequent Acts, Persons having Freehold Estates are required to register their Freeholds in the Manner therein prescribed, in order to qualify them to vote at Elections for Members to serve in Parliament for Counties in Ireland: And Whereas it is expedient to increase the Amount of the Qualification necessary to entitle Persons to vote at such Elections, and to amend the Laws now in force in Ireland relating to the Registry of Freeholds Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Commencement of this Act that Part of the said Act of the Thirty-third Year of King Henry the Eighth, herein-before recited, which relates to the Amount or Value of the Freehold necessary to qualify Persons to be Electors of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for Counties in Ireland, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act no Person shall be admitted to vote at any Election of any Knight of the Shire to serve in the Parliament of the United Kingdom for any County in Ireland (save as hereinafter is provided), unless such Person shall have an Estate of Freehold, in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in such County, of the clear Yearly Value of Ten Pounds at the least, over and above all Charges, except only Public or Parliamentary Taxes, County, Church, or Parish Cesses or Rates, and Cesses on any Townland or Division of any Parish or Barony.

III. And be it enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act no Person shall be admitted to vote at any Election of a Knight of the Shire to serve in the Parliament of the United Kingdom for any County in Ireland by virtue or in respect of any Estate of Freehold of less annual Value than Twenty Pounds of the late Currency of Ireland, unless such Freehold shall be registered pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, gave only as hereinafter provided.

IV. And be it enacted, That after the Commencement of this Act a Session for the Purpose of registering Freeholds within this Act shall be holden in and for each County in Ireland, by and before the Assistant Barrister of such County, on such Days and at such Places in each such County respectively as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall appoint; and the Clerk of the Peace for each such County shall, Forty Days at the least before the Day so appointed, cause to be posted in each Market Town therein Notices, in the Form specified in the First Schedule to this Act annexed, that such Session, for the Purpose of registering Freeholds within this Act, will be holden on the Days and at the Places so appointed, and that Applications for that Purpose will be then and there taken into Consideration.

V. And be it enacted, That every Person intending to register a Freehold at any such Session shall give to the Clerk of the

Peace

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 8.

61

Peace for the County Notice in Writing of such Intention Thirty clear Days at the least before the Day appointed for the holding of such Session in the Division of the County wherein such Freehold is situate, and shall in such Notice state, according to the Form prescribed in the Second Schedule to this Act annexed, his Name and Residence, the Description of the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Rent-charge in respect of which such Application is to be made, and whether he intends to register such Freehold at the annual Sum of Twenty Pounds or of Ten Pounds; and the Clerk of the Peace of each County shall enter all such Notices, according to the Order in which he shall, receive them, in a List in the Form specified in the Third Schedule to this Act annexed, and shall, Fifteen Days at least before the Day appointed for holding such Session, cause a Copy of such List to be published in some Newspaper printed in such County, or in case no Newspaper shall be therein printed, then in some Newspaper printed in any adjoining County: Provided always, that no such List for the Session to be first holden shall be liable to any Stamp Duty as an Advertisement.

VI. And be it enacted, That at each such Session the Names of the Persons contained in such Lists shall be severally called by the Clerk of the Peace; and each Person so called, who shall claim to register any Freehold at the annual Sum of Twenty Pounds or of Ten Pounds, shall produce in open Court before such Assistant Barrister the Deed, Lease, or Instrument, duly stamped, by virtue of which such Person shall claim such Freehold; or in case he shall not claim by virtue of any Deed, Lease, or Instrument, then such Person shall otherwise establish his Title to such Freehold; and such Person shall also make it appear that a solvent and responsible Tenant could afford to pay fairly and without Collusion for the same the anmlal Sum of Twenty Pounds or Ten Pounds* as the Case may be, as an additional Rent, oyer and above all Charges, save such as are herein-before excepted, and over and above any Rent to which the Person so claiming to register such Freehold may be liable in respect of the same.

VII. And be it enacted, That such Assistant Barrister shall inspect and examine every Deed, Lease, or Instrument so produced, and investigate the Title so made, as also the Title which any Claimant shall, in any other Manner seek to establish, and shall determine whether the same is or is not sufficient to entitle the Person claiming thereunder to an Estate of Freehold; and shall also examine and inquire* as well by the Oath of the Person so claiming as by any Evidence offered either in Support of or in Opposition to such Claim, whether a solvent and responsible Tenant could afford to pay fairly and without Collusion, as an additional Rent for such Freehold, the annual Sum of Twenty Pounds or Ten Pounds, as the Case may be, over and above all Charges, save such as are herein-before excepted, and over and above any Rent to which the Person so claiming may be liable in respect of the same; and shall also inquire by any of the Means aforesaid into the Truth of the several Particulars required to be stated in the Oath hereinafter prescribed to be taken for the Registry of such Freehold.

of the Peace of Applications to register.

Clerk of the Peace to enter Notices in a List, and publish such List in a Newspaper.

Proceedings at the Session.

Assistant Barrister to investigate the Claim to register.

C. 8.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

If the Assistant Barrister adjudge the Claimant entitled, he shall take the Oath hereby prescribed.

Certificate of Registry *

Oath to be signed by the Assistant Barrister, and filed of Record.

If Claimant not entitled to register, the Assistant Barrister shall so adjudge, and set forth the Objection.

VIII. And be it enacted, That if it shall appear to such Assistant Barrister that the Pierson so claiming is entitled to register such Freehold at the annual Sum, within die Meaning of this Act, at which be shall claim to register the same, such Assistant Barrister shall and may so adjudge; and in such Case the Person so adjudged entitled shall, instead of the Oath or Oaths, Affirmation or Affirmations, now by Law required in that Behalf, take and subscribe before such Assistant Barrister the Oath mentioned in the Fourth Schedule to this Act annexed, where the Freehold of such Person shall be of the annual Value of Twenty Pounds, not arising from a Rent-charge, and where the same shall arise from a Rent-charge, then the Oath prescribed in the Fifth Schedule to this Act annexed, and where the same shall be of the Value of Ten Pounds, then the Oath prescribed in the Sixth Schedule to this Act annexed.

IX. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace shall thereupon, instead of the Certificate of Registry now by Law required, deliver to the Person so adjudged to be entitled a Certificate, signed by such Assistant Barrister and by such Clerk of the Peace, stating that such Person has duly registered a Freehold in the County within which the same shall be situate at the annual Sum so proved as aforesaid, and reciting the Oath of such Person on which such Freehold has been registered; which Certificate shall stand in place of and be of equal Effect and Authority, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Certificate of Registry now by Law required.

X. And be it enacted, That every such Oath shall be signed by the Assistant Barrister before whom the same shall be taken, and shall be by him delivered to the Clerk of the Peace, to be filed and kept amongst the Records of the County; and such Assistant Barrister is hereby required to take care that such Oath shall be agreeable to the Form hereby prescribed; and no Objection in point of Form shall at any Time thereafter be allowed to any such Oath when so signed.

XL. And be it enacted, That in case it shall appear to such Assistant Barrister that the Person claiming to register a Freehold is not entitled to register the same, either in consequence of any Objection to the Deed, Lease, or Instrument so produced by him, or m consequence of any Defect in the Title to such Freehold, or in consequence of Insufficiency in the annual Value of the Freehold claimed, or in consequence of any Objection relative to any of the Matters to be stated in the Oath hereby required to be taken for registering such Freehold, such Assistant Barrister shall refuse to permit such Person to register, and shall in that Case make an Order adjudging such Person not to be entitled to register such Freehold; and where any such Order shall be founded upon Insufficiency of Value, it shall state such Insufficiency as the Ground of such Order, or otherwise shall set forth the Objection by reason whereof such Person is adjudged to be not entitled so to register such Freehold: Provided always, that such Order shall be without Prejudice to any future Application to register such Freehold which the Person claiming the same shall think fit to make at any subsequent General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace.

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 8.

68

XII. And be it enacted, That if any Person against whose Claim If Order any such Order shall be made on the Ground of Insufficiency of grounded on Value shall deem himself aggrieved thereby, it shall be lawful for yXe^Claim-such Person to appeal therefrom to the Judges of Assize at the ant may require next Assizes for the County within which the Freehold which he a Jury, claims to register shall be situate; and such Judges of Assize, or

One of them, are and is hereby empowered and required to try and inquire, by the Verdict of a Jury, whether the Freehold is of the annual Value, within the Meaning of this Act, at which the Claimant seeks to register such Freehold; and such Jury shall be returned by the same Officer and in the same Manner in which Juries are now returned in Cases of Appeal from the Decrees of the Assistant Barrister on Civil Bills, and shall take the Oath prescribed by the Seventh Schedule to this Act annexed; and if such Jury shall give a Verdict in favour of the Claim to register, and the Judge before whom the same shall be tried shall consider such Claim to be in other Respects well founded, the Order so complained of shall be thereupon reversed.

XIII. And be it enacted, That where any Person against whose Where Regis-Claim to register a Freehold any Order shall be made by the As- try is refused sistant Barrister on any other Ground than Insufficiency of Value 00 any olher shall consider himself aggrieved by such Order, it shall be lawful Ground,

for such Person to appeal from such Order to the Judges of apj^eTltoJudge Assize at the next Assizes for the County; and such Judges of of Assize. Assize, or One of them, shall have Power, oh Motion, to review such Order, and either to affirm or reverse the same, as shall be fit.

XIV. And be it enacted, That in every Case in which any Order Proceedings in of any Assistant Barrister shall upon Appeal be reversed, the case of Reversal Judge of Assize before whom the same shall have been heard of Order, shall thereupon cause such Oath to be taken and subscribed, and

such Certificate to be given, and shall sign the same respectively, in like Manner as the Assistant Barrister is herein-before required to do, and shall cause such Acts to be performed by the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, and such Proceedings to be had, as are herein-before directed and required when any Freehold is registered at any Sessions before the Assistant Barrister; and such Oath and Certificate, and such Acts and Proceedings, shall be of the like Effect as if they had been taken, subscribed, given, performed, and had before the Assistant Barrister.

XV. And be it enacted, That after the Termination of the Ses- After the Session hereby directed to be first holden in any County in Ireland sion hereby for the registering Freeholds, it shall and may be lawful for any directed Free-Person desiring to register a Freehold in such County to register hol?s "7 the same at a Civil Bill Court to be held at any General or Quarter ses-

Sessions of the Peace to be holden for such County, upon giving sions.

to the Clerk of the Peace a Notice of his Intention so to do, in the $orm herein-before provided. Thirty clear Days at the least before the Day appointed for the holding of such General or Quarter Sessions in the Division wherein such Freehold shall be situate; and the Clerk of the Peace shall in each such Case proceed in all Respects in the same Manner as herein-before pre. scribed with relation to Applications for registering Freeholds at the first Session for that Purpose hereby directed; and the Assistant

64 *

C. 8.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Officers to attend Sessions for Registry.

Session for registering Freeholds to be deemed a Court of Record.

Persons registered at first Session exempt from Fees.

Fee to Clerk of the Peace.

Quakers or Moravians may affirm.

False Oath, Perjury.

ant Barrister of such County is hereby authorized and required to hear and determine such Application at such General or Quarter Sessions in the same Manner in all Respects as is herein-before provided with respect to Applications to register Freeholds at the Session for that Purpose to be first holden under this Act; and thereupon the same Proceedings shall and may be had, the like Orders made, the like Oaths taken, the like Certificates granted, the like Rights and Powers of Appeal enjoyed and exercised, and the like Rules, Regulations, Enactments, Matters, and Things observed, performed, and followed, as if such Application had been made at the first Session for registering Freeholds directed to be held under this Act.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the Sheriff of each County in Ireland, or his Under Sheriff, and also the Clerk of the Peace for each such County, or his Deputy, and the Chief Constable of the Barony in which each and every such Court of Sessions shall be held, and such Number of other Constables as the Assistant Barrister shall deem sufficient, shall attend the Court from Day to Day during the Continuance of each such Session.

XVII. And be it enacted, That every Session to be held for registering Freeholds within this Act shall be deemed a Court of Record; and that it shall be lawful for every Assistant Barrister before whom such Court shall be held, from Time to Time, as there shall be Occasion, to fine the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, or the Sheriff or Sub-Sheriff of the County in which such Court shall be held, and any Chief or Petty Constable shall respectively be guilty of any Breach of Duty in the Execution of this Act, in any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and at his Discretion to fine in any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, or to commit to Prison for any Time not exceeding a Fortnight, any Person whatsoever who snail disturb the Court so to be held by him for registering Freeholds as aforesaid, or who shall be guilty of any other Contempt of the said Court.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That any Person who at the Commencement of this Act shall be duly registered as a Freeholder in Ireland, and who shall register a Freehold at the Session to be first holden in pursuance of this Act, shall be exempt from the Payment of any Fee whatever for or in respect of such new Registry.

XIX. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace shall be entitled to demand and have from every Person claiming to register a Freehold under this Act, save as herein-before excepted, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more.

XX. And be it enacted, That in every Case where any Oath is by this Act required to be taken, every Person being a Quaker or Moravian may make Affirmation in the Form prescribed hereby for each such Oath respectively, and that all Provisions herein contained relative to any Oath shall respectively extend and apply to every such Affirmation.

XXI. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall, in any Oath or Affirmation to be taken under this Act, wilfully and corruptly swear or affirm falsely, such Person shall be deemed guilty of Perjury, and be liable to the same Pains, Penalties, and Punishments as any Person is now liable to for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

10° GEO. IV.

G.8.

5

XXII. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall forge or counterfeit the Signature of any Judge, Assistant Barrister, or Clerk of the Peace, to any Order, Certificate, or any Instrument or Writing purporting to be an Order or a Certificate within this Act, or the Signature of any Person to any Oath or Affirmation within this Act, or shall knowingly utter or publish as true and genuine any such forged or counterfeited Order, Certificate, Instrument, Writing, Oath, or Affirmation, every Person so offending shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court before which he shall be tried, to be transported beyond the Seas for the Term of Seven Years, or to be imprisoned, with or without hard Labour, for any Term not exceeding Three Years.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall refuse to be sworn or to give Evidence before any Judge, Assistant Barrister, or Jury, upon the Investigation of any such Claim as aforesaid, without sufficient lawful Excuse, to be allowed by such Judge or Assistant Barrister, it shall be lawful for such Assistant Barrister to order such Person to pay a Fine, not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be applied to the Use of the County Infirmary or such charitable Institution as the Assistant Barrister shall think fit, or in Default thereof to commit such Person to the Gaol of the County for any Term not exceeding Two Calendar Months.

i XXIV. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall duly register a Freehold within this Act at the first Session herein-before mentioned shall be thereupon forthwith entitled to vote at any Election to. be held in and for the County for which such Freehold shall be registered; and that any Person who shall at any Time after such first Session duly register a Freehold according to the Provisions of this Act shall be entitled to vote at any Election to be held by virtue of any Writ tested Six Calendar Months at the least after such Registry.

XXV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Freeholder who may be entitled by Law to register a Freehold in any County in Ireland of the annual Value of Fifty Pounds, and who shall not before the passing of this Act have registered such Freehold, to register such Freehold by taking and subscribing the Oath mentioned in the Fourth Schedule to this Act annexed, either before the Assistant Barrister at Quarter Sessions, or in any of the Superior Law Courts of Record in Dublin, or before a Judge at the Assizes, in Manner now by Law authorized; and that the said Oath shall be subscribed by the Assistant Barrister, or by One of the Judges of the Court before whom the same was taken, and being delivered to the Clerk of the Peace shall be signed by him and kept among the Records of the County; and each such Freeholder shall thereupon be entitled to receive, at any Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the Division of the County in which his Freehold shall be situate, a Certificate of his having duly registered the same; which Certificate shall recite the Oath taken and subscribed by such Freeholder, and, being signed by the Assistant Barrister, and Clerk of the Peace, shall be of equal Validity and Effect with any Certificate to which such Freeholder would now by Law be entitled.

Forgery ot Certificate or Oath, Felony.

Penalty on Persons refusing to give Evidence.

Persons registering at first Sessions entitled to vote immediately; other Persons after Six Months.

Freeholders of 501. may register under this Act, or in the Law Courts.

C. 8.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Where Freeholds of 501. or 20/. are registered prior to this Act, no new Registry required.

Registry contrary to this Act invalid.

No Person to vote unless Freehold registered within Eight Years preceding the Writ.

Duties of Clerk of the Peace.

Former Enactments in force, save as hereby altered.

Laws in force respecting the -registering of certain Freeholders extended to those under this Act.

Freeholds in the County of Dublin may be registered before the Chairman of the Sessions.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That where any Freehold shall have been duly registered as being of the Value of Fifty Pounds or of Twenty Pounds respectively, the Registry whereof shall at the Commencement of this Act be a valid and unexpired Registry according to the Provisions of any Act now in force, it shall not be necessary during the Subsistence of such Registry to register such Freehold under the Provisions of this Act.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That no Registry hereafter to be made of any Freehold shall be valid, unless made conformably to the Provisions of this Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be admitted to vote at any Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament by virtue of any Freehold of less annual Value than Fifty Pounds, registered under the Provisions of this Act, unless he shall have registered the same within Eight Years preceding the Test of the Writ for holding such Election.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That in case of any Registry of a Freehold within this Act, the Clerk of the Peace for each County in Ireland shall keep the like Books, make the like Returns, and discharge and execute all other the like Duties, Matters, and Things as he is now by Law authorized, entitled, or required to do with respect to the Registry of Freeholds in such County, save so far as is otherwise ordained by this Act; and that all Matters and Things now by Law authorized or required for the due Registration of such Freeholds shall be in all respects done, performed, observed, and fulfilled, and all Provisions, Penalties, Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Conditions relating to the Registration of such Freeholds, and contained in any Act or Acts now in force, shall be used, applied, and enforced with respect to and shall be construed to extend to all Freeholds to be registered under this Act, as if the same had been herein enacted, save so far as is hereby otherwise provided.

XXX. And be it enacted, That all Laws now in force touching the registering of Freeholders in Counties at large of the annual Value of Fifty Pounds, Twenty Pounds, and Forty Shillings respectively, and touching the polling of Persons qualified to vote at Elections for such Counties by virtue of such Freeholds, shall be and the same are hereby extended to Freeholders of the annual Value under this Act of Fifty Pounds, Twenty Pounds, and Ten Pounds respectively, and that it shall be lawful to substitute the Words Ten Pounds for Forty Shillings in all Matters relating to such Freeholds, as Circumstances may require.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That in the County of Dublin all Freeholds to be registered under this Act shall be registered before the Chairman of the Sessions for that County, in the same Manner in all Respects as before the Assistant Barrister in any other County; and such Chairman shall have, exercise, perform^ and discharge every Power, Jurisdiction, Right, Authority, Duty, and Function hereby vested in or given to any such Assistant Barrister; and, in any Case where an Appeal is hereby allowed from the Order of an Assistant Barrister to the Judges of Assize, the like Power of Appeal from any Order of such Chairman shall and may, in the Case of any Freehold in the County of Dublin, be

exercised

10° GEO. IV.

67

C. 8.

exercised and enjoyed to any of His Majesty's Superior Law Courts of Record in Dublin; and the Court to which any such Appeal shall be made shall proceed with respect thereto in the same Manner as any Judge of Assize is hereby authorized or required to proceed.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That every Enactment herein contained relative to any Assistant Barrister or Judge of Assize shall, in the County of Dublin respectively, extend and apply to the Chairman of the Sessions of that County, and to His Majesty's Superior Law Courts of Record.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That each Riding in the County of Cork shall be deemed to be a County for the Purposes of this Act.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend o't be construed to extend to alter or in any Manner affect the Qualification now by Law required to entitle any Person to vote at any Election by virtue of any Rent-charge.

XXXV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Rector, Vicar, or Curate, shall be obliged td register his Freehold arising from his Rectory, Vicarage, Curacy, or other Ecclesiastical Preferment, or be precluded from voting at any Election on account of his not having registered the same.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for every Assistant Barrister to administer all such Oaths as are by this Act required to be taken or administered.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That the Expences of printing the Notices and of the Advertisements hereby directed shall be defrayed by the Clerk of the Peace in each County respectively; and the Grand Jury of each such County, or the Term Grand Jury for the County of Dublin, as the Case may be, are hereby respectively required, at the next Assizes or Presenting Term after such Notices and Advertisements, to present, to be levied off their respective Counties in the same Manner as other Sums are authorized to be presented by such Grand Juries, all such Sums as shall have been necessarily disbursed by such Clerks of the Peace respectively, which Sums shall be paid to such Clerks of the Peace.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That when the Session herein directed to be first holden for the Purpose of registering Freeholds shall have terminated in any County, the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall cause Notice thereof to be inserted in the Dublin Gazette; and that in case of a Vacancy in the Representation of any such County in this present Parliament before the Publication of such Notice of the Termination of the Session for such County, no Writ shall issue for the holding of an Election of a Knight of the Shire for such County until after the Publication of such Notice.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if after the Commencement of this Act, and before the Publication of such Notice of the Termination of the said first Session in any County in Ireland, any Election shall take place in pursuance of any Writ' issued for the Election of Members to serve in any new Parliament for such County, every Person who would have been entitled to vote at any such Election in case this Act had not been

F 2 made

Enactments herein contained to extend to him.

Cork Ridings

deemed

Counties.

Not to alter Qualification of Rent-charger.

Rectors, &c. not required to register.

Assistant Barristers to administer Oaths.

Expences of Notices, &c.

Notice of Termination of first Session of Registry.

In case of Dissolution of Parliament, old Freeholders may vote if no Notice has been published.

68

C. 8.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Assistant Barristers may adjourn Sessions, if necessary.

Assistant Barristers to be remunerated.

[Commencement of Act.]

Act may be amended.

made shall be entitled to rote at the Election to be holden in pursuance of any such Writ; any Thing in this Act contained notwithstanding.

XL. And be it enacted, That in case any Exigency shall render it necessary for any Assistant Barrister to adjourn any Session for the Registry of Freeholders so appointed to be first holden, it shall be lawful for him to adjourn and continue the same as Cir* cumstances may require.

XLI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor of Ireland, by Order or Warrant under his Hand, to direct the Payment, out of the Consolidated Fund, of such Sum as he or they shall deem sufficient to remunerate each Assistant Barrister and Clerk of the Peace for his Attendance at the Session to be first holden in pursuance of this Act.

XLII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall commence from and after the Day next after the passing of this Act.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULES referred to in this Act,

SCHEDULE I.

Form of Notice of holding the first Session for registering Freeholds under this Act.

County NOTICE is hereby given, That a Session for the Purpose of J of registering Freeholds in and for the said County, pursuant to an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, will be holden on the

Day of next, at, and on

the Day of at, and on

- ' the Day of at in the said County, before the Assistant Barrister, at which Times and Places Applications to register Freeholds in the several Divisions of the said County respectively will be taken into Consideration.

Dated this Day of.

G

Clerk of the Peace for the said County.

SCHEDULE

10° GEO. IV. C. 8.

£9

SCHEDULE H.

Form of Notice to be given to the Clerk of the Peace of Applications to register

Freeholds.

TAKE notice, That it is my Intention to apply to register a Freehold in the County of the particulars whereof are as follows s

Name and Residence of Applicant. Description of Freehold, with the Names of Barony and Townland in which it is situate. ^Yearly Value io be registered.

SCHEDULE HI.

List of Applications to be entered by the Clerk of the Peace.

No. Name and Residence of Applicant. Description of Freehold, with the Names of Barony and Townland in which it is situate. Yearly Value to be registered.

SCHEDULE IV.

Oath of Freeholder registering a Freehold of the Value of Fifty Pounds, [or Twenty Pounds, as the Casa may be,] not arising from a Rent-charge.

I A.B. of in the County of

do swear, That I am a Freeholder of the County of and that I have a Freehold therein, arising from a House, [or Houses, Lands, or both, or other Hereditaments, as the Case may be,] of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds [or Twenty Pounds, as the Case may be,] above all Charges payable out of the same, lying and being at [naming the Townland or Totvnlandsf and Barony

70

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

C. 8.

or Baronies, Half Barony or Half Baronies, therein the Freehold is situate, in the said County,] and that a solvent and responsible Tenant could afford to pay for the same, as an additional Rent, fairly and without Collusion, the annual Sum of Fifty Pounds, [or Twenty Pounds, as the Case may be,] as I verily believe, over and above any Rent which I am liable to pay for the same, and over and above all other Charges, except only Public or Parliamentary Taxes, County, Church, or Parish Cesses, or Rates and Cesses on any Townland or Division of any Parish or Barony; and that the said Freehold does not arise from a Rent-charge; and that I have not accepted or procured the said Freehold fraudulently, nor in Exchange for any Freehold in any other County; and that I do not hold the said Freehold by virtue of any Lease, Deed, or Instrument executed or made after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, to any Person or Persons, jointly, in common, or in Partnership. So help me GOD.

SCHEDULE V.

Oath to be taken by Rent-charger.

J A.B. of in the County of

do swear, That I am a Freeholder in the County of and that I have a Freehold therein of the clear yearly Value of Twenty Pounds at the least, above all Charges payable out of the same, consisting of a Rent-charge granted by Deed bearing Date the Day of in the Year

on the Lands of, [naming the Lands mentioned in such Deed, and the Barony or Baronies, Half Barony or Half Baronies, tuherein the same iie,] and that I am in the Possession thereof to the clear Amount of Twenty Pounds yearly, and am entitled to receive the same, as it becomes due, to and for my own sole Use and Benefit; and that I have not procured or accepted the same fraudulently, nor in Exchange for a Freehold in any other County. So help me GOD.

SCHEDULE VI.

Oath of Freeholder registering a Freehold of the annual Value of Ten Pounds.

T E.F. of in the County of # do

swear, That I am a Freeholder of the County of and that I have a Freehold therein, arising from a House, [or Houses, Land, or both, or other Hereditaments, as the Case may be,] of the clear yearly Value of Ten Pounds above all Charges payable out of the same, except only Public or Parliamentary Taxes, County, Church, or Parish Cesses or Rates, and Cesses on any Townland or Division of any Parish or Barony, lying and being at [naming the Townland or Townlands or other Denomination by xwhich the Place is generally knoxvn, and the Barony or Half Barony or Baronies therein it is situate,] in this County, and that a solvent and responsible Tenant could, as I verily believe, afford to pay for the same, as an additional Rent, fairly and without Collusion, the annual Sum of Ten Pounds, over and above all Rent to which I am liable in respect thereof, and that the said Freehold does not arise from a Rent-charge, and that the

same

10° GEO. IV. C. 8, 9.

same arises by virtue of the Deed, Lease, and Instrument which I now produce, bearing Date the Day of

in the Year [or otherwise, stating the Nature

of the Title, as the Case may fo,] and that I am in the actual Occupation thereof by residing thereon, [or by tilling, or by grazing, or by both tilling and grazing, as the Case may be; and inhere the Freehold is held under any Deed, Lease, or Instrument, adding these Words, and that the said Freehold is not let or agreed to be let to the Person or Persons who executed the said Deed or Instrument, or to the Heirs or Assigns of such Person or Persons, or to any one in Trust for him, her, or them, nor do I intend to let the same or any Part thereof to such Person or Persons, or any of them, and that I have not agreed to let it for the Term for which I hold it,] and that I have not procured or accepted the said Freehold fraudulently, nor in Exchange for a Freehold in any other County, and that I do not hold my, said Freehold by virtue of any Lease, Deed, or other Instrument executed or made after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, to any Person or Persons, jointly, in common, or in Partnership. So help me GOD.

SCHEDULE VII.

Oath of a Juror.

V OU shall well and truly try whether the [Lands, Tenements, A or Hereditaments, in respect of which C.D. claims to register a Freehold in the County of are or are

not of the clear yearly Value of Ten Pounds [or Twenty Pounds, as the Case may be,] over and above all Charges payable out of the same, except only Public or Parliamentary Taxes, County, Church, or Parish Cesses, or Rates and Cesses on any Townland or Division of any Parish or Barony, and whether a solvent and responsible Tenant could afford to pay for the same, fairly and without Collusion, as an additional Rent, the said annual Sum, over and above any Rents to which the said C. Jl). is liable in respect of such Freehold, and a true Verdict give according to the Evidence. So help you GOD.

CAP. IX.

An Act for fixing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty, the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

[13th April 1829.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the present Session of 10G.4. c. 6.

W Parliament, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, it is (amongst other Things) enacted, that Officers and Soldiers shall be furnished with Diet and Small Beer, upon paying and allowing for the same the several Rates that are or shall be established by any Act or Acts; and an Option is given to Innholders and others upon whom Officers and Soldiers are quartered and billetted, to furnish certain Articles gratis in lieu

of Diet and Small Beer; and it is just and expedient that an

C. 9.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Allowance for the Diet of Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers, 1«. per Day.

Allowance for certain Articles furnished in lieu of Diet and Small Beer.

Allowance for Horses.

For dieting Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers on their March.

adequate Allowance shall be made and established for Provision and other Articles furnished to Officers and Soldiers: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Kingfs most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Non-commissioned Officer and Private Soldier who shall be furnished with Diet and Small Beer, within those Parts of the United Kingdom specified in the said recited Act, by the Innholders or other Persons on whom such Non-commissioned Officers or Private Soldiers shall be quartered and billetted by virtue of this Act, shall pay and allow for the same the Sum of One Shilling per Diem; and that for such Allowance of One Shilling, the Innholder or other Person shall furnish One Meal, videlicet, a hot Dinner, if required, in each Day, to each Non-commissioned Officer, Trumpeter, Drummer, and Private Soldier quartered and billetted on him, to consist of such Quantity of Diet and Small Beer as have been or shall be specified and fixed in and by any Regulations made or to be made from Time to Time by His Majesty in that Behalf, but not to exceed One Pound and a Quarter of Meat previous to being dressed, One Pound of Bread, One Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables previous to being cooked, and Two Pints of Small Beer, and Vinegar, Salt, and Pepper; and that the Accounts of the same shall be rendered, and Payment thereof made, in like Manner as is directed by the said Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any Innholders or other Persons, on whom any Non-commissioned Officers or Private Men shall be quartered within the aforesaid Parts of the United Kingdom, shall, by virtue of the said Option in the said Act, furnish such Non-commissioned Officers or Soldiers with the Articles therein mentioned, in lieu of furnishing Diet and Small Beer at the Rates prescribed by this Act, such Innholders or other Persons on whom such Non-commissioned Officers or Soldiers are quartered, and by whom the said Articles shall have been so supplied, shall receive in Consideration thereof One Halfpenny per Diem for each Non-commissioned Officer and Soldier; which Sum of One Halfpenny per Diem shall be accounted for and paid in like Manner as is directed touching the Rates aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Sum to be paid to the Innholder or other Person within the aforesaid Parts of the United Kingdom, on whom any of the Horses belonging to His Majesty's Forces shall be quartered by virtue of the said Act, for Hay and Straw, shall be Ten-pence per Diem for each Horse.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers shall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from the Innholders or other Persons on whom they may be billetted, within the aforesaid Parts of the United Kingdom, at the Rates herein-before prescribed, while on the March, as also on and for the Day of their Arrival at the Place of their final Destination, and on the Two subsequent Days, unless either of the Two subsequent Days shall be a M&rket Day in and for the Town or Place where such Officers or Soldiers shall be billetted, or within the Distance of Two Miles thereof; in which Case it

shall

10° GEO. IV *

C. 9.

7 3

shall be lawful for the Innholder or other Person as aforesaid to discontinue on and from such Market Day the Supply of Diet and Small Beer, and to furnish in lieij thereof the Articles in the said recited Act specified, and at the Rates herein-before prescribed.

V. Provided always, That if any Victualler or other Person, Persons paying liable by the said recited Act to have Soldiers billetted or Money to Sol-quartered on him or her, shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money ^i^inlieu to any Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier on the March, in lieu of furnishing of furnishing in Kind the Diet and Small Beer to which such Non- Diet and Small commissioned Officer or Soldier is entitled under the said Act, Beer, liable to every such Victualler or other Person may be proceeded against fined' and fined in like Manner as if he or she had refused to furnish or

allow, according to. the Directions of the said recited Act, the several Things respectively directed to, be furnished to Noncommissioned Officers or Soldiers so quartered or billetted on him or her as aforesaid.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Regulations a* Regiment, Troop, Company, or Detachment, when on the March, ^S?*11* shall be halted, either for a limited or indefinite Time, at any intermediate Place, the Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers a March, belonging thereto shall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small

Beer from the Persons on whom they shall be billetted at such intermediate Place, for such Time only for which they would be entitled to receive the same after arriving at the Place of their final Destination, according to this Act: Provided nevertheless, that whenever it shall happen that any Regiment, Troop, Company, or Detachment, when on their* March, shall be halted, and it shall appear by the Marching Orders that it is not intended that such Regiment, Troop, Company, or Detachment shall halt for any longer Time than One entire Day after the Day of their Arrival at the Place of halting, and the Day after such Arrival shall be such Market Day as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the Innholders or other Persons on whom the Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers shall be billetted to discontinue on such Market Day the Supply of Diet and Small Beer to any such Officers or Soldiers; but that all such Officers and Soldiers shall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from such Innholders and other Persons aforesaid, upon such Market Day as aforesaid, at the Rates herein-before prescribed, in like Manner as they would have been entitled thereto if such Day had not been a Market Day; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Non-commissioned Recruiting Officers and Private Men employed in recruiting, and the Re- Parties and cruits by them raised, shall, while on the March, and for Two B?48 °? Days after the Day of their Arrival at any Recruiting Station, be theur Marc entitled to the same Benefits as are herein-before provided in

regard to Troops upon the March; but no Recruit enlisted after the Two Days subsequent to the Arrival of the Party at their Recruiting Station shall be entitled to be supplied with Diet and Small Beer at the Rates herein-before prescribed, except at the Option, of the Person on whom he shall be quartered: Provided also nevertheless, that in case any such Recruiting Party, with

74

C. 9, 10.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

[Continuance of Act.]

Act may be altered this Session.

General and Subdivision Meetings relating to the Militia suspended.

Proceedings may be had, during such Suspension, by Order in Council.

the Recruits by them raised, shall remove from their Station, and after a Time shall return to the same Place, they and the Recruits by them raised, so returning, shall not be again entitled to the Supply of Diet and Small Beer for such Two Days as aforesaid, unless the Period between the Time of their Removal from such Place and their Return thereto shall have exceeded Twenty-eight Days.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall have Continuance and be in Force from the Twenty-fourth E>ay of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty; and that all Payments which have been made, and all Acts, Matters, and Things done in pursuance of or in conformity with the Provisions thereof, shall be as good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had passed before the said Twenty-fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended, or repealed, by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. X.

An Act to suspend, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom, and to reduce the permanent Staff, and regulate the Allowances of Serjeants hereafter appointed.

[13th April 1829.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to suspend, for a limited Period,

YV the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom, and to reduce the per-

manent Staff, and regulate the Allowances of Serjeants hereafter

appointed Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all General and Subdivision Meetings relating to the Militia of the United Kingdom, and all Proceedings relating to the procuring any Returns or preparing or making out Lists for such Militia, or any Parts thereof, or relating to the ballotting for or enrolling any Militia Men, or Substitutes, or supplying any Vacancies in such Militia, shall cease and remain suspended until the End of the next Session of Parliament; any Thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order in Council, to direct that any Proceedings shall be had at any Time before the Expiration of such Period as aforesaid, either for the giving of Notices and making Returns and preparing Lists, and also for the Proceeding to ballot and enrol Men for the filling up Vacancies in the Militia of the United Kingdom, or any Part thereof, as His Majesty shall deem expedient; and upon the issuing of any such Order, all such Proceedings shall be hdd for carrying into Execution all the Provisions of the Acts in Force in England,

Scotland,

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 10.

75

Scotland, and Ireland respectively, relating to the giving Notices for and Returns of Lists, and for the ballotting and enrolling of Men to supply any Vacancies in the Militia, and holding General and Subdivision Meetings for such Purpose, at such Time respectively as shall be expressed in any such Order in Council, or by any Directions given in pursuance thereof to the Lord Lieutenants, or Deputy Lieutenants acting for Lord Lieutenants, of the several Counties, Shires, Ridings, Cities, and Places in Great Britain, or to the Governors and Deputy Governors of Counties and Places in Ireland, or to the Warden and Special Deputy Wardens of the Stannaries; and all the Provisions of the several Acts in force in England, Scotland, and Ireland respectively, relating to the Militia and Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon, shall, upon any such Order and Direction given in pursuance thereof, become and be in full Force and he carried into Execution at the Period specified in such Oder or Direction as aforesaid, with all such Penalties and Forfeitures for any Neglect thereof, as fully as if such Periods had been fixed in the Acts relating to such Militia and Miners.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty- Permanent fourth Day of June next, the Staff of the Disembodied Militia of Staff to be rathe United Kingdom on Permanent Pay at Head Quarters shall be duced. reduced to the following Proportions; (that is to say,) One Adjutant, One Serjeant Major, for each Regiment, Battalion, or

Corps of Militia, and One Serjeant for every Forty Private Men, and One Drummer for every Two Companies, with an additional Drummer for each Flank Company, and One Drum Major for every Regiment or Battalion consisting of Eight Companies and upwards, and of no greater Number; any Thing in any Act or Acts relating to the Militia of the United Kingdom to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall be Amount of appointed a Serjeant of the Militia of the United Kingdom, after Pensions to the passing of this Act, shall be entitled to or have any higher Seijeam* bere-Pension for any Service as a Serjeant, upon his Discharge, than afteraPP01"u?d* Five-pence a Day; any Thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein Not to apply to contained shall apply to any Serjeant who shall be serving as such Serjeants al-on the passing of this Act: Provided also, that all Serjeants,

although appointed after the passing of this Act, may, in case of 1, 01, 1 the Militia being afterwards embodied, and their serving therein while so embodied, be entitled to any such increased Rates of Pension, upon being discharged by reason of Age or being invalid or disabled, or for Length of Service, as shall be fixed in any Orders and Regulations made by His Majesty in that Behalf, provided Money for the Payment of such increased Pensions shall have been voted by Parliament,

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all Rules and Rules to be

Regulations relating to any such increased Pensions shall be laid l»d before before both Houses of Parliament by the Secretary at War. Parliament.

VII. And be it enacted, That this Act, and all the Clauses, Act to extend Provisions, Directions, and Authorities therein contained, shall to S*11-be construed to extend to the Warden and Special Deputy nanes *

Wardens

76

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

1 G.l.st.2.

c. 13.

13 C. 2. st. 2. c.l.

25 C. 2. st. 2. c. 2.

30 C. 2. st.2.

8 G.l. c. 6.

9 G. 2. c. 26.

C. 10, 11, 12.

Wardens of the Stannaries, and Corps of Miners of ComtvaU and Devon, as fully as if they were respectively and severally repeated in every such Clause, Provision, Direction, and Authority.

CAP. XI.

An Act to continue for Two Years an Act made in the Fifty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.

[18th April 1829.]

[<Continued for Two Years from July 25. 1828, and to the End (f the then next Session of Parliament.]

CAP. XII.

An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes respectively until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty.

[13th April 1829.]

WHEREAS divers Persons, who, on account of their Offices, Places, Employments, or Professions, or any other Cause or Occasion, ought to have taken and subscribed the Oaths

or Assurance respectively appointed to be by such Persons

taken and subscribed in and by an Act made in the First Year

of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First of glorious Memory, intituled An Act for the further Security of His Majesty's Person and Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors; or to have qualified

themselves according to an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the well governing and regulating of Corporations; or to have qualified themselves according to another Act made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second,

intituled An Act for preventing the Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants; or according to another Act made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second,

intituled An Act for the more effectual preserving the Kings Person and Government, by disabling Papists from sitting in either House of Parliament; or according to another Act made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act for granting the People called Quakers such Forms of Affirmation or Declaration as may remove the Difficulties which many of them lie under; or according to another Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices within the Time limited by Law9 and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and for amending so much of an Act

10° GEO. IV. C. 12.

77

passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as requires Persons to qualify themselves for Offices before the

End of the next Term or Quarter Sessions; and also for enlarging the Time limited by Law for making and subscribing the Declaration against Transubstantiation; and for allowing a 4 further Time for Enrolment of Heeds and Wills made by Papists;

and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees, and Lessees;

or according to another Act made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, inti- 18 G.*. c. 20.

tuled An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace;" or according to another Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act e G.s. c. 5S.

for altering the Oath of Abjuration, and the Assurance; and for amending so much of an Act made in the Seventh Year of the.

Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the Improvement of the Onion of the Two Kingdoms," as after the Time therein limited requires the Delivery of certain Lists and Copies therein mentioned to Persons indicted of High Treason or Misprision of Treason; have, through Ignorance of the Law,

Absence, or some unavoidable Accident, omitted to take and subscribe the Oaths and Assurance and make and subscribe the Declaration required by the said recited Acts or either of them,

or otherwise to qualify themselves as aforesaid, within such Time and in such Manner as in and by the said Acts respectively is required, whereby they have incurred, or may be in danger, 4 of incurring, divers penalties and Disabilities:* For quieting the Minds of His Majesty's Subjects, and for preventing any Inconvenience that might otherwise happen by means of such Omissions; be it enacted by the King's, most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Person or Persons who Persons who, at or before the passing of this Act, hath or shall have omitted to have omitted to take and subscribe the Oaths and Declarations, them-

or otherwise to qualify him, her, or themselves, within such Time r^-aw

and in such Manner as in and by the said Acts, or any of them, hidemnified is required; and who, after accepting any such Office, Place, and allowed or Employment, or undertaking any Profession or Thing on further Time, account of which such Qualification ought to have been had and is required, before the passing of this Act hath or have, taken and subscribed the said Oaths, or made the Declarations required by Law, or who, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty, shall take and subscribe the Oaths, Declarations, and Assurance respectively, in such Cases wherein by the said Acts or either of them the said Oaths,

Declarations, and Assurance ought to have been taken and subscribed, in such Manner and Form, and at or in such Place or Places, as are appointed in and by the said Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the First, or by any other Act or Acts in that Behalf made and provided; and hath or have made and subscribed, or shall, on or before the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight

78

C. 12.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

hundred and thirty, make and subscribe the said Declaration against Transubstantiation; and also hath or have mdde and subscribed, or shall, on or before the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty, make and subscribe the said Declaration in the said Statute made in the Thirtieth Year of King Charles the Second, in such Cases wherein the said Declaration ought to have been made and subscribed; or to take and subscribe the Oath directed by the said Act made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, in such Cases wherein the said Oath ought to have been taken and subscribed, in such Manner as by the said Act is directed, shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities, and Disabilities incurred or to be incurred for or by reason of any Neglect or Omission, previous to the passing of this Act, of taking or subscribing the said Oaths or Assurance, or making or subscribing the said Declarations respectively, or taking or subscribing the said Oath, according to the above-mentioned Acts or any of them, or any other Act or Acts; and such Person or Persons is and are and shall be fully and actually recapacitated and restored to the same State and Condition as he, she, or they were in before such Neglect or Omission, and shall be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified him, her, or themselves according to the above-mentioned Acts and every of them; and that all Elections of and Acts done or to be done by any such Person or Persons, or by Authority derived from him, her, or them, are and shall be of the same Force and Validity as the same or any of them would have been if such Person or Persons respectively had taken the said Oaths or Assurance, and made and subscribed the said Declarations respectively, and taken and subscribed the said Oath, according to the Directions of the said Acts and every or any of them; and that the Qualification of such Person or Persons qualifying themselves in Manner and within the Time appointed by this Act shall be to all Intents and Purposes as effectual as if such Person or Persons had respectively taken the said Oaths and Assurance, and made and subscribed the said Declarations respectively, and taken and subscribed the said Oath, within the Time and in the Manner appointed by the several Acts before mentioned.

Persons who

II. And Whereas several Persons well affected to His Majesty's have omitted to Government, and to the United Church of England and Ireland, scrite the 8Ub" ^ave> trough Ignorance of the Law, neglected, or been, by Oaths, &c. re- ' Sickness or other unavoidable Causes, prevented from taking and quired by the subscribing the Declaration according to the Directions of an Irish Act of ' Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Second Year of 2 Anne, in- $ the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne> intituled An Act to auTw^further Preveni the further Grotuth of Popery Be it therefore further Time for that" enacted* That all Persons who have incurred any Penalty or Purpose. Incapacity in the said recited Act mentioned, by neglecting to qualify themselves according to the said Act, shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from all Incapacities, Disabilities, Penalties, and Forfeitures incurred by reason of such Omission or Neglect as aforesaid; and that no Act done by any of them, not yet avoided, shall be questioned

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 12. 79

or avoided, by reason of such Omission or Neglect, but that all such Ac&s shall be and are hereby declared to be as good and effectual as if such Persons respectively had taken and subscribed the said Oath, and made and repeated and subscribed the said Declaration, at such Time and Place and Manner as in the said Act is mentioned; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that such Person or Persons do and shall take and subscribe the said Oaths, and make, repeat, and subscribe the said Declaration, in such Manner and Form> and in such Place or Places respectively, as are directed and appointed by the said last-recited Act, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred, and thirty.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend or be construed to extend to indemnify any Person against whom final Judgment shall have been given in any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, for any Penalty incurred by having neglected to qualify himself within the Time limited by Law.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing contained in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to exempt any Justice of the Peace within Great Britain from the Penalties to which he is subject for acting as such without being possessed of the Qualification required by the Laws now in force.

V. And Whereas the Appointment of divers Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerks, and other Public Officers, and the Admission of divers Members and Officers of Cities, Corporations, and

Borough Towns in Great Britain and Ireland, or the Entries of 1 such Admissions in the Court Books, Rolls, or Records of such

Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, which by several Acts are directed and required to be stamped, may not have been provided, or the same not stamped, or may have been lost

or mislaid Be it further enacted, That for the Relief of such Persons whose Appointments and Admissions, or the Entries of whose Admissions as aforesaid, may not have been provided, or not duly stamped, or where the same have been lost or mislaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Persons in Great Britain or Ireland, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty, to provide or cause to be provided Appointments and Admissions, or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid, duly stamped; or in case where such Appointments, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid, have been made or provided, but have not been duly stamped, to produce such Appointments, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid, to the Commissioners appointed to inspect and manage the Revenues of the Stamp Duties, to be duly stamped; which such Commissioners are hereby authorized, empowered, and required to duly stamp, on Payment of the Duties first payable or to have been paid on such Appointments, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid, without any Fine or Forfeiture thereon; and in order to denote the said Duties, the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to use such Stamps as shall have been heretofore provided to denote any former Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or to cause new Stamps

Not to indemnify Persons against whom final Judgment is given.

Nor to exempt Justices acting without legal Qualification.

Admissions to Corporations may be stamped after Time allowed by Law.

80

C. 12, IS.

lo GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

to be provided for that Purpose, and to do all other Things necessary for putting this Act in Execution, in the like and in as full and ample Manner as they or the major Part of them are authorized to put in Execution any former Law concerning Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and such Persons so providing Appointments, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid, duly stamped, or procuring the same to be duly stamped, in Manner aforesaid, are and shall be hereby confirmed and qualified-to act as Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Public Officer, or Member or Members, Officer or Officers of such Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns respectively, to all Intents and Purposes; and shall and may hold and enjoy and execute such Offices, 6r any other Office or Offices into which he or they hath or have been elected, notwithstanding his or their Omission, or the Omission of any of their Predecessors, in such Cities, Corporations, or Borough Towns as aforesaid; and shall be indemnified and discharged of and from all Incapacities, Disabilities, Forfeitures, Penalties, and Damages by reason of any such Omission; and none of his or their Acts shall be questioned or avoided by reason of the same.

Not to mtore yj# Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act or any Office^voided herein contained shall not extend or be construed to extend

by Judgment. *° restore or entitle any Person or Persons to any Office or Employment, Benefice, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, already actually avoided by Judgment of any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, or already legally filled up and enjoyed by any other Person; but that such Office or Employment, Benefice, Matter, or Thing so avoided, or legally filled up and enjoyed, shall be and remain in and to the Person or Persons who is or are now, or shall at the passing of this Act, be legally entitled to the same, as if this Act had never been made.

General Issue.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Action, Suit, Bill of Indictment, or Information, shall from and after the passing* of this Act be brought, carried on, or prosecuted against any Person or Persons hereby meant or intended to be indemnified, recapacitated, or restored, for or on account of any Forfeiture, Penalty, Incapacity, or Disability whatsoever, incurred or to be incurred by any such Neglect or Omission, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and upon their Defence give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence upon any Trial to be had thereupon.

CAP. XIII.

An Act to provide for Monies paid into Court under Acts afterwards repealed.

[1 Sth April 1829.]

WHEREAS under the Provisions of various Acts heretofore passed, relating to Turnpike Roads, Canals, Bridges, and other Works, Monies paid for the Purchase of Lands, Houses,

Buildings, or other Property taken for the Purposes of such Acts,

(or as a Compensation for Damage occasioned in* effecting the

Objects of such Acts, or on other Accounts, have* been paicr into the Bank of England in the Name' and with the Privity of the

t 4 Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, of + or the

10° GEO. IV. C. 13, 14. 81

Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, to the Intent that such Monies might be applied and disposed of, under the c Directions and with the Approbation of the said Court of Chan-

eery or Court of Exchequer, in the Manner in the said Acts respectively mentioned; and such Acts have been afterwards repealed by subsequent Acts, without any Provision* being made

by such subsequent Acts with regard to the Monies then already paid into the Bank under the Acts so repealed; and, from the Want of such Provision, Doubts have occurred with respect to the Application of such Monies, and the Powers of the said Court of Chancery or Court of Exchequer with regard to the same,

which Doubts it is desirable to remove: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all Cases where any Money shall have been paid, or shall hereafter be paid, into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, or of the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, under the Provisions of any Act heretofore repealed or hereafter to be repealed, such Money shall be paid, applied, and disposed of in the same Manner as it would have been, and the said Court of Chancery, or Court of Exchequer, as the Case may be, shall have the same Jurisdiction and Authority, with respect to the Payment, Application, and Disposal of the said Money, and for all Purposes relating thereto, as it would have had, in case the Act under which the same was so paid into the Bank of England had not been in any Manner repealed; and where by any such Act Power shall have been given to the said Court of Chancery or Court of Exchequer to order the Expences of any Purchases to be made with such Money, or any Part thereof, or the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining the Order for the same, to be paid by the Trustees or Commissioners acting in Execution of such Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery or Court of Exchequer, as the Case may be, to order such Expenses, Costs, and Charges, or such of them, or such Part or Parts thereof respectively as to the said Court shall seem reasonable, to be paid by the Trustees or Commissioners acting in Execution of the Act by which such former Act shall have been repealed, if there shall be any such Trustees or Commissioners having Monies at their Disposal which to the said Court shall seem properly applicable to such Purpose.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for repealing several Acts relating to the Charity for the Relief of the Poor Widows of Commissioned and Warrant Officers in the Royal Navy, and for substituting other Provisions in lieu thereof.

[14th May 1829.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, being an Act for enabling His Majesty to apply Five hundred thousand Pounds out of the Sinking Fund for the Service of the Year One thousand

Money paid into the Bank under any repealed Act shall be applied, and the Authority of the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer exercised, as if such Act had not been repealed.

Courts may make Orders as to Expences of Purchases.

82

& 14.

10# GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

16 G. 3. c. 49.

49 G.S. c. 35.

From and after 31st Dec. next, so much of recited Acts a* relates to Widows* Pensions shall be repealed.

Pensions, &c. to Widows to be paid, subject to the same Regulations as heretofore.

9 seven hundred and thirty-three, and for other Purposes therein

mentioned, it is (amongst other Things) enacted, that from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hun-9 dred and thirty-three, there should be allowed upon the Books

9 of every Ship of War in Sea Pay a Man in every Hundred Men I 9 that the Complement of such Ship should consist of, and that the 9 Produce of the Wages of each such Seaman, and the Value of 9 his Victuals, should be given and applied to the Relief of the 9 Poor Widows of Commissioned and Warrant Officers of the Royal 9 Navy, according to such Rules, Orders, and Regulations as His Majesty had established or should establish and appoint for that Purpose; which Allowance, by another Act passed in the Twenty-9 fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, for granting (to His Majesty the Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds out 9 of the Sinking Fund for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, and for Allowances to the Poor Widows of Commission and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy-,

9 and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was increased and 9 extended to One other Seaman in every One hundred Men of

the Complement, for such Time only as the Number of Men 9 employed in the Service of the Royal Navy should not exceed 9 Twenty thousand; and by another Act passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third,

9 for (amongst other Things) giving further Relief to the Commission and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy, the said Allow *

ances were continued till the Number employed in the Royal 9 Navy should exceed Thirty thousand: And Whereas by another 9 Act passed in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the more conve-9 nient Payment of Pensions to Widows of Officers of the Navy,

9 various Regulations and Provisions are enacted and established

for the more convenient Payment of the said Pensions, under the

Order and Direction of the Court of Assistants of the before-9 mentioned Charity: And Whereas His Majesty has deemed it 9 necessary that an Alteration should be made in the Constitution 9 of the said Charity; and it is therefore expedient that the said Enactments, Regulations, and Provisions should be repealed, and 9 other Provisions established in lieu thereof; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Thirty-first Day of December next after the passing of this Act, so much of the said Act of the Sixth and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and of the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, as are herein-before recited, and also the said Act of the Forty-ninth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, relating to the Pensions of Widows of Officers of the Royal Navy, be and the same are hereby ^declared to be repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Thirty-first Day of December next, all Pensions to which the Widows of Officers of the Royal Navy shall or may be entitled, under any Commission, Warrant, or Order of His Majesty already existing or hereafter to be made, shall be paid by the same Persons and in the

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV.

a i4 *

88

same Manner as any Wages, Pay, or other Allowances for Services in the Royal Navy are now payable* and may be remitted to the Party entitled thereto in the same Manser, and be payable by the same Persons and under the same Regulations, as by an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to repeal several Acts relating to the Execution of Letters of Attorney and With of Petty Officers, Seamen, and Marines of His Majesty's Navy* and to make new Provisions respecting the same, are provided in respect to the Payment of the Wages, Pay, and other Allowances for Services in the Royal Navy, to the Executors or Administrators of any deceased Petty Officer or Seaman; and that all the Enactments, Regulations, Clauses, Provisoes, and Penalties, specified and contained in the said last-mentioned Act with respect to Remittance Bills under the same Act, shall from thenceforth extend and be applicable to Remittance Bills to be made out for Payment of such Widows Pensions pursuant to this Act, and to the Persons respectively by whom the same shall be made payable.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Assignments, Bargains* Sales, Orders, Contracts, and Agreements whatsoever to be made of or in relation to any Pension or Part of a Pension, or for the Assignment thereof by any Widow entitled thereto, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Orders, Certificates, Vouchers, Bills, and Receipts for or relating to any such Pensions shall be free and exempt from all Duties or Stamps whatever.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Thirty-first Day of December next, if any Person shall personate or falsely assume the Name or Character, or procure any other Person falsely to assume the Name or Character, of any Widow entitled or supposed to be entitled to any such Pension as aforesaid, in order to receive any such Pension or any Part thereof, or if any Person shall falsely make, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged, or counterfeited, or willingly aet or assist in the false making, forging, or counterfeiting, any Remittance Bill, Certificate, Voucher, or Receipt for Money, in relation to any such Pension or the Payment thereof, or any Part thereof, or any Affidavit, Certificate, Voucher, or other Document, in order to obtain any such Pension, or shall utter dr publish as true any such forged of counterfeited Remittance Bill, Certificate, Affidavit, Voucher, or other Document, with Intent to defraud any Person whatsoever, knowing the same to be false, forged, or counterfeited, every such Person in any of the said Cases offending shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and the Court before which any such Person shall be convicted shall be empowered to adjudge the Offender to be transported for any Period not exceeding Fourteen Years *

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall utter or produce any false Affidavit, Certificate, Voucher, or other Document, in order fraudulently to procure any Person to be admitted to be a Pensioner as the Widow of any Officer of the Royal Navy, every such Person so offending shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall be subject to be fined and imprisoned and kept to hard Labour, in the Discretion of the Court before which such Offender shall be convicted.

55 G.S. c. 60.

Assignments of Pensions to be void.

Orders, &e. to be free from Duty.

Penalty for personating auy Widow entitled to Pension.

Producing false Affidavits or Certificates.

84

C. 15.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Two Commissioners of the Navy or Two Commissioners for Victualling the Navy, may exercise all the Powers hitherto exercised by Three of them.

In Assignments of Bills for Pay, &c. the Signature of One Commissioner shall be sufficient.

In Contracts, Ac, relating to the several Departments of the Naval Service, it shall be sufficient to describe the Commissioners by their respective Titles.

CAP. XV.

An Act to facilitate the Public Business in certain Cases in the Navy and Victualling Departments.

[14th May 1829.]

WHEREAS by divers Acts certain Powers and Authorities are given to, and certain Duties imposed upon, the Principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, and the Commissioners for Victualling His Majesty's Navy: And Whereas

His Majesty has been pleased to reduce the Numbers of such

Commissioners, and it is therefore expedient that Two or more of them should be enabled to exercise and execute the respective Powers, Authorities, and Duties, and to do and perform all Things which by any of the said Acts might or ought to be exercised,

executed, performed, or done by Three or more of such Commissioners respectively: Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for Two or more of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, and for Two or more of the Commissioners for Victualling His Majesty's Navy, and for the Care of Sick and Wounded Seamen, and any such Two or more Commissioners respectively are hereby empowered to exercise and execute all Powers, Authorities, and Duties, and to perform and do all Acts, Matters, and Things, appertaining to their respective Offices, which by any Act or Acts now in force can, may, or ought to be exercised, executed, performed, or done by Three or more of such Commissioners respectively; and all such Acts, Matters, and Things, done, performed, and executed by Two or more of the said Commissioners respectively in their respective Offices, shall be as valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if done, performed, and executed by Three or more of the said Commissioners respectively: Provided always nevertheless, That in all Cases of Assignments of Quarterly Bills for Officers Pay, Assignments of Tickets of Petty Officers, Seamen, and Marines, and Orders for Payment of Allotments of the Wages of Petty Officers, Seamen, and Marines of His Majesty's Fleet, the Signature of One Commissioner of the Navy only shall be legal and sufficient to all Intents and Purposes; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And Whereas it is expedient to make some Provision for preventing Inconvenience and Delay in the Execution of Contracts. Conveyances, Leases, and other Deeds and Instruments

relating to the Public Service in the several Departments of the Naval Service of this Kingdom Be it therefore enacted, That in all Contracts, Conveyances, Leases, and other Deeds and Instruments whatsoever relating to the Public Service, which from and after the passing of this Act shall or may be made or entered into by, to, or with the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the Time being, or any Two or more of them, the Principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy for the Time being, or any Two or more of them, or the Commissioners for

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV.

85

C. 15, 16.

Victualling His Majesty's Navy for the Time being, or any Two or more of them, or whereunto they or any Two or more of them Shall or may respectively be Parties, it shall be sufficient to call or describe the said several Commissioners by the respective Styles or Titles of "The Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland" u The Principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy," and " The Commissioners for Victualling His Majesty's Navy," without naming them or any of them; and that all such Contracts, Conveyances, Leases, and other Deeds and Instruments, wherein the said Commissioners, or any of them, shall be called or described by their respective Styles or Titles as aforesaid, and the Execution thereof respectively by the said respective Commissioners, or any of them, or any Two or more of them respectively (as the Case may be or require), shall be as valid and effectual, and shall have the like Force and Operation, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the Commissioners by, to, or with whom the same shall or may be made or entered into, or who shall or may be the parties thereto, or any Two or more of them respectively, had been particularly named and described therein.

CAP. XVI.

An Act to continue the Operation of an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for suspending the Provisions of an Act of His late Majesty respecting the Appointment of Writers in the Service of the East India Company; and to amend the Provisions of an Act of the Forty-seventh Year of His late Majesty, so far as they relate to the Period of Residence at Hertford College as a Qualification for certain Offices.

[14th May 1829.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to suspend 7 G.4. c, 56.

the Provisions of an Act of His late Majesty respecting the Appointment of Writers in the Service (f the East India Company,

and to authorize the Payment of the Allowances of the Civil and Military Officers of the said Company dying while absent from

India: And Whereas it is expedient to continue, for a Time to

be limited, the Provisions of the said Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Appoint-

ment of Writers in the Service of the East India Company, and to the Establishment of Rules and Regulations respecting their

Qualifications:' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That the Provisions of the above* So much of the mentioned Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, so far recited Act a* as the same relate to the Appointment of Writers in the Service relate* to the of the East India Company, and to the Establishment of proper Rules and Regulations respecting the Qualifications of such Writers, continued shall continue and be in force until the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and Thirty-four.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 182&

All the Time, not exceeding Two Years, spent in the College in the Course of Education after 17 Years of Age, shall be accounted as so much Time spent in India, in certain Cases.

f Sic.

5 6.4. c. 51. 5 G.4. c. 67# 5 G.4. c. 68.

9 G.4. c. 41.

Five Commissioners may assemble for general Purposes at any Time, Notice of such Meet-

0.16, 17, 18.

II. And Whereas for virtue of an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, all such Time as shall be bona fide spent in the College established in England by the East India Company for the Education of their Civil Servants, by any Persons after they shall respectively have attained the Age of Seventeen Years, is accounted, as to certain Offices, Places, and Employments which such Persons are entitled to hold in India, as so much Time actually spent in India, provided that such Persons shall either before of after Seventeen Years of Age spend Two Years at the least in the said College: And Whereas it is expedient that the Privileges so granted should, under certain Circumstances, be extended to young Men who may have spent less Time than Two Years in the regular Course of Education at the said College; Be it therefore enacted, That all such Time, not exceeding Two Years, as shall have been or shall be bona fide spent in the said College in the regular Course of such Education as aforesaid by any Persons after they shall respectively have attained the Age of Seventeen Years, who shall have proceeded or shall hereafter proceed to India in the Civil Service of the said Company, shall be accounted, as to all Offices, Places, and Employments to which such Persons are entitled to be appointed and to hold, the Salary, Perquisites, and Emoluments whereof shall not exoeed the Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds per Annum, as so much Time actual f spent in India; any Law or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. XVII.

An Act to continue, until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, certain Acts relating to the Island of Newfoundland, mid the Fisheries carried on upon the Banks and Shores thereof.

[14th May 1829.]

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to explain, amend, and alter the Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Care and Treatment of Insane Persons in England.

[14th May 1829.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to regulate Hie 4 Care and Treatment of Insane Persons in England: And Whereas Doubts have arisen as to some of the Provisions of the said Act, and the same requires to be amended and altered, for the more effectually carrying into Execution the beneficial Purposes thereof; 4 He it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passcug of this Act it shall and may be lawful to and for any Five or more of the Commissioners appointed under the Authority of the said recited Act (Two of whom at least shall not be Physicians or Surgeons), to assemble themselves when and as often as they shall think fit, for the Purpose of executing and performing the several

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV.

Gia

87

Matters and Things by the said recited Act and by this Act e&- tag having trusted to them. Notice being given under their Hands to reguira beengivfn by the Clerk of the said Commissioners to convene a Meeting or the the clerk* Commissioners; and the said Clerk is hereby required and coo*-manded duly to summon the rest of the said Commissioners Four Days before such intended Meeting.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners so met Commissioners

as aforesaid shall and may, if they shall so think fit, grant, or renew, Meet-

at any such Meeting, or at any adjourned Quarterly Meeting, Li- tags may grout cences to keep Houses for the Reception of Two or more Insane. Lim^g> Persons; provided that if at any such Meetings any Application

for such Licence shall be made for the first Time, all such Notices,

Plans, and Statements shall be given and made by the Applicant, as if such Application had been made at any of the Quarterly Meetings of the said Commissioners; and such Notices, Plans, and Statements shall be given and made Fourteen Days at the least before the said intended Meeting: Provided also, that any such Licence, so granted, may be confirmed, altered, or amended at the next Quarterly Meeting of the said Commissioners; provided also, such Licence shall cease and determine and be of no Effect at the Expiration of Fifteen Days from and after the holding of such Quarterly Meeting, unless then confirmed by the said Commissioners.

III. And Whereas it is by the said recited Act required, that Commissioners for the first and every annual Licence certain Payments shall be may reduce

made Be it enacted, That in Cases where, from the Change of Fees on Li-the Person or the Place to be licensed, or other casual Circum-. cepce* in c*r-stance happening before the Expiration of the original Licence, tam (*aae8* it shall be requisite to grant or renew a Licence for a less Period of Time than Thirteen Calendar Months, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners and Justices, as the Case may be, to reduce the Payments to be made on such Licences to not less than Five Pounds in the Whole.

IV. And Whereas it is by the said recited Act provided, that Commwdoners in those Cases only where the Person licensed shall die, his Li- may grant

cence shall continue in force Be it enacted, That if any Person, new licences duly licensed under this or the said recited Act, shall, by Sickness to other *er-or other Infirmity, become incapable of keeping such House, or Houses* if any House so licensed shall be pulled down or occupied under; n certain the Provisions of any Act for public Purposes, or shall, by Fire, Cases. Tempest, or other unavoidable Calamity, be rendered unfit for the Accommodation of Insane Persons, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, Two of whom shall not be Physicians or Surgeons, at any Quarterly or other Meeting convened as aforesaid, upon the Payment of not les*. than One Pound for each Licence to grant a new Licence to such other Person as they shall think fit; and also to grant to the Person whose House has so been rendered unfit, a Licence to keep such other House for the Accommodation of Two or more Insane Persons, as the said Commissioners, or any Five of them as aforesaid, shall think fit: Provided always, that Notice of such intended Change of Persons be given to the Clerk of the Commissioner *

Fourteen Days before the Meeting at which such Licence shall be granted; and provided also, that all such Plans and Statement *

C. 18.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

88

Detached Buildings to be considered Pan of the House.

Commissioners, &c. may alter the periodical Visits of medical Attendants.

Justices may act at any General or Quarter Sessions.

The Treasury may issue to the Clerk of the Commissioners such Sums as shall be deemed fit to defray the Sixpences of this Act.

shall be given and made of such new House as are required when Application is made for a Licence for the first Time at the Quarterly Meeting of the said Commissioners, and shall be delivered for the Clerk of the Commissioners Fourteen Days before the Meeting at which such Licence shall he granted: Provided also, that the Cause of such Change of House shall he duly specified in Writing to the said Clerk Three Days after the happening thereof.

V. And be it enacted, That if any Place or Building detached from any licensed House, but belonging to or in anywise appertaining to such House, shall be used for the Reception of One or more Insane Person or Persons, such Place or Building shall be considered Part of such House for all the Purposes of this and the said recited Act.

VI. And be it enacted, That when any House, licensed for the Reception of Two or more Insane Persons, shall be licensed to receive less than eleven Insane Persons, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for any Five or more of the said Commissioners, Two of whom shall not be Physicians or Surgeons, or any Three of the said Visitors, if they shall so think fit, to direct and permit, under their Hands and Seals, that such House shall be visited by the Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary once only in Four Weeks, instead of Twice in every Week, as required by the said recited Act; provided that Fifteen Days shall intervene between each of such Visits.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Justices shall have full Power and Authority to do any Act or Acts at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, as they are by the said recited Act authorized and enabled to do at the Michaelmas General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and such Act or Acts shall have the same Effect, Force, and Obligation as if they had been done at the Michaelmas General Quarter Sessions.

VIII. And Whereas by the said recited Act the Commissioner* 4 of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, are empowered to cause to be paid, out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund, any Balance due on the Thirty-first Day 4 of May in each Year to the Clerk of the Commissioners appointed under the said recited Act: And Whereas it 16 expedient that such Powers should be amended; Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, on an Application made to them in Writing, to cause to he issued and paid, out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund, to the Clerk of the said Commissioners, from Time to Time, such Sums of Money as the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall deem fit, to defray the Expences incurred under the Provisions of the said recited Act and of this Act; provided such Application to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for such Money shall have been agreed upon at some Quarterly or other Meeting of the Commissioners appointed under the said recited Act, and shall be signed by Seven at the least of the said Commissioners; provided also, it shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, that there is a Balance due to the Clerk of the said Commissioners on account of Expences so incurred as aforesaid.

10° GEO. IV. C. 18.

89

A.D. 1829.

IX. And be it further enacted, That an Account of all Money received for Licences by the Clerk of the Commissioners appointed under the said recited Act, and of all Money paid out of the Consolidated Fund under the Provisions of this and the said recited Act, shall be made up tathe First of August in each Year, and such Account shall specify the several Heads of Expenditure, and shall be laid before Parliament on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March in each Year, if Parliament shall be then sitting, or if Parliament shall not be then sitting, within One Month after the then next Sitting of Parliament.

X. And Whereas it is desirable to define the precise Places to which the Powers and Authorities of the said Commissioners shall extend, Be it therefore enacted, That the same shall extend to and include the Cities of London and Westminster, and all and every Part thereof, and the County of Middlesex, the Borough of Southwark, and also the whole of the several Parishes and Places hereinafter enumerated; videlicet, Brixton, Battersea, Barnes, Saint Mary Magdalene Bermondsey, Christ Church, Clapham, Saint Giles Camberwell, Dulwich, Saint Paul Deptford, Graveny, Keto Green, Kennington, Saint Mary Lambeth, Mortlake, Merton, Mitcham, Saint Mary Newington, Norwood, Putney, Peckham, Saint Mary Rotherhithe, Roehampton, Streatham, Stockwell, Tooting, Wimbledon, Wandsworth, and Walworth, in the Coanty of Surrey; Blackheath, Charlton, Deptford, Greenwich, Lewisham, Lee, Southend, and Woolwich, in the County of Kent; and East Ham, Layton, Laytonstone, Low Layton, Plaistow, West Ham, and Walthamstow, in the County of Essex; and that the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners shall be deemed to include any Townships, Liberty, Tithing, Vill, Extra-parochial Place, or any other Place within the Cities of London and Westminster, and within Seven Miles thereof, and within the County of Middlesex} any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it enacted, That any Three of the said Commissioners, one of whom shall not be a Physician, shall have full Power and Authority, as they see Occasion, to require any Person to appear before them, to testify the Truth touching any Matters relating to the Execution of the Powers given by the said recited Act or this Act.

XII. And for the more effectual Prosecution of Offences punishable by summary Conviction under the said recited Act or this Act, Be it enacted, That where any Person shall be charged, upon the Oath of a credible Witness, before One or more Justices of the Peace, for any Offence against the Provisions of this or the said recited Act, the Justice or Justices may summon the Person charged to appear at a Time and Place to be named in such Summons; and if he shall not appear accordingly, and upon Proof of the due Service of the Summons upon such Person, (by delivering the same to him personally, or by leaving the same at his last or usual Place of Abode,) the said Justice or Justices may either proceed to hear and determine the Case, or issue his or their Warrant for apprehending such Person, and bringing him before him or them or some other Justice or Justices of the Peace; and the Justice or Justices before whom the Person so charged shall appear or be brought shall proceed to hear and determine the Case.

Account of Receipt and Expenditure to be made up annually and laid before Parliament.

Defining the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners.

Commissioners may require Appearance of Witnesses.

Summary Conviction.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Farm of Conviction.

Prosecutions to be by Indictment at Assizes.

Definition of Terms.

[Public Act.]

1681. C. 1S.

G 18, 19.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the Justice or Justices before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against the said recited Act or this Act may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect, as the Case may require; and that no Conviction under this Act or the said recited Act shall be void through Want of Form:

REit remembered> That on fixe Day of

in the Year of our Lord at

i in the County of A.B. is convicted

before of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace

for the said County; for that he the said did

And the said and

1 adjudge the said for his

said Offence to pay the Sum of

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Prosecution for every Offence under the said retited Act or this Act (except such as re committed within the Jurisdiction of the said CommiscBoners nominated under the said recited Act, or such as are punishable by summary Conviction,) shall be by Indictment preferred to a Grand Jury at the Assizes to be held in and for the County wherein the Offence shall have been committed.

XV. And for remedying all Doubts as to the true Meaning of the Words " Insane Persons," Be it enacted, That the Words " Insane Persons," used in the said recited Act and in this Act, shall be deemed and construed to extend to all Persons whatsoever who are Lunatic, Idiot, or of unsound Mind; any Thing in the said recited Act or in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Public Act.]

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a

CAP. XIX.

An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Parliament of Scotland^ intituled An Act concerning the Registration of Seisins and Reversions of Tenements within Burgh.

[14th May 1829.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed by the Parliament of Scotland in the Year Sixteen hundred and eighty-one, intituled An Act concerning the Registration of Seisins and Reversions within Burgh: And Whereas in the Registration of Instruments of

Seisin of Tenements within Burghs Royal, or Liberties or Free-

doms thereof, holden in Burgage, as authorized and required by

the said Act of Parliament, some Diversities of Practice have prevailed in the Mode of recording the Notorial Docquets sub-

joined to such Instruments, as to which no Rule was prescribed by the said Act: And Whereas Doubts have arisen regarding the Effects of such Practice, and it is expedient that such

Doubts should be removed, and that the Mode of such Registration should for the future be settled and prescribed May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons,

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV.

91

C. 1& to.

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That with regard to any Instruments of Seisin of Tenements within Burghr recorded prior to the passing of this Act, in which the Docquets thereto subjoined may have been inserted in such Registers in an abbreviated or incomplete Form, or altogether omitted, as heretofore in various Instances practised, such Practice shall not be held to affect the Sufficiency of such Instruments, or be the Ground of any Challenge in Law or Exception to the Validity of the Rights of Parties depending on such Seisins.

II. And be it further enacted, That in all Time coming alter the passing of this Act the Keepers of the Registers of Seisins within Burgh in Scotland shall engross m their Registers at length the Notorial Docquets subjoined to all Instruments of Seisin of Tenements within Burgh respectively, otherwise such Seisins shall make no Faith in Judgment, by Way of Action or Exception, in Prejudice of a Third Party who hath acquired a perfect and lawful Right to such Tenements; but without Prejudice to the using of such Instruments against the Parties, Makers thereof, their Heirs or Successors.

III. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall affect or be construed to affect any Action or Process now depending in relation to such Practice as aforesaid, or the Effect thereof; but all such Actions or Processes, and the Rights and Interests of the Parties therein and under the same, are hereby expressly saved and reserved.

CAP. XX.

An Act to carry into Execution the Stipulations of a Convention between His Majesty and His Catholic Majesty, for the Settlement of certain British Claims upon Spain, and of certain Spanish Claims upon the United Kingdom.

[14th May 1829.]

WHEREAS considerable Difficulties having presented them-< V? selves in carrying into Effect, by means of a Mixed Commission, the Stipulations of the Convention concluded and signed at Madrid on the Twelfth of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, for the Adjustment of Claims preferred re- apectively by the Subjects of their Britannic and Catholic Ma- jeades it was agreed between their said Majesties that an amicable Settlement or Compromise should be effected of all Claims registered under the above-mentioned Convention, which shall appear to he just and legitimate; and, in furtherance of such

Agreement, a Convention was entered into and signed in London on the Twenty-eighth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, by the Right Honourable George Earl of Aberdeen, &c. &c. &c. and His Excellency the Conde de OJalia,

Ac. &c. Ac., as Plenipotentiaries of their said Majesties reepect- ively: And Whereas by this last-mentioned Convention it was stipulated and agreed that the Sum of Nine hundred thousand Pounds should be paid by His Catholic Majesty in Satisfaction of the Amount of the Whole of the British Claims presented to and registered by the Mixed Commission established by the Conven-

tion

Abbreviations heretofore made in Docquets not to invalidate Seisins.

After the passing of this Act, Docquets of Seisins to be engrossed in Registers at length.

Saving for depending Actions.

C. 20.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

1 tion of the Twelfth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, such Sura of Nine hundred thousand Pounds

to be made good to His Britannic Majesty in the Mode and Form following; videlicet, Two hundred thousand Pounds Sterling to be delivered over on the Day on which the Exchange of the Ra-

tification of the Convention signed on the Twenty-eighth Day of

October One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight took place, being the Eighth Day of December in that Year, at which Time such Payment was duly made; another like Sum at the Expiration of Three Months from the Day of the Exchange above mentioned; the further Sum of One hundred and fifty thousand Pounds Sterling to be paid at the Expiration of Six Months, and, another like Sum at the Expiration of Nine Months, from the Day of the Exchange of the Ratifications last mentioned; which Two last Instalments His Catholic Majesty reserved to himself the Power of paying either in Specie or Certificates of Inscriptions bearing Interest at Five per Cent. per Annum, and

being issued at Fifty per Cent. Discount; and it having been stipulated and agreed between the said Parties that the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds Sterling should be made good by His Majesty in Satisfaction of the Amount of the Whole of the Claims of Spanish Subjects upon His Majesty's Government, presented to and registered by the Mixed Commission in pursuance of the Terms of the Convention of the Twelfth Day of March One thou- sand eight hundred and twenty-three, it was further agreed that such Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds Sterling should be retained in the Possession of His Majesty, in order that such Sum should be set against or deducted from the Nine hundred thousand Pounds which His Majesty, as previously recited, was to receive from the Spanish Government in Satisfaction of the Claims of British Subjects so presented and registered as aforesaid; and it was further agreed between the Hqp Contracting Parties that they should cause the Claims of their own Subjects to be adjudged within their respective Territories, and within the Period of Twelve Months from the Date of the Exchange of the Ratifications of the Convention, or that either of the said High Contracting Parties might agree with the Persons interested, or their Assigns; upon any other Mode of Arrangement which might be deemed most expedient for satisfying them, within the same Term, without the Necessity of any formal or previous Adjudication: And Whereas His Majesty's Government having caused a Classification to be made of the Claims preferred by British Subjects upon Spain, and registered as before stated, did, conformably to the last-recited Stipulation, enter into an Agreement with the Persons interested, and their Assigns and Agents, for the Satisfaction of their respective Claims; by which Agreement full Consent to the Amount of Compromise to be received under the Convention was accorded by the Parties interested, in the following Terms: First, That the Sum of One hundred and fiftyfive thousand Pounds shall be allotted for the Liquidation of the just and legitimate Claims comprised in Class (A; ), being the Cases numbered in the Register of the Mixed Commission 8, 13,

4 58, 60, 62, 68, 69, 71, 74, 88, 89, 93, 94, 96, 103, 12J, 122, 123,

4 124, -125, 126, 133, 143, 1*4, 145, 146, 147, 148, 149, 150, 151,

4 152,

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 20.

93

152, 153, 162, 163, 165, 170, 221, 223, 225, 236, 237, 238, 239,

245, 246, 247, 248, 266, 267, 269, 272, 274, 275, 281, 286, 290,

4 292, 293, 294, 295, 296, 305, 306, 307, 330, and 331; provided,

that if the Value of the Claims above enumerated, when finally

adjudged, should not amount to such Sum so allotted, then that the Surplus of the same shall go to the Class (B.) and the other Claimants, exclusive of those in Class (C.), in such Proportions as His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs shall direct: Second, That the Sum of Forty-five thousand Pounds shall be allotted for the Liquidation of the just and legitimate Claims comprised under Class (B.), being the Cases numbered in the Register of the Mixed Commission 90, 168, 226, 253, 254,

255, 256, 257, 280, 287, 289, 291, 328, and 32 9: Third, That the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds shall be allotted for the Liquidation of the Claims comprized under Class (C.), being the Cases numbered in the Register of the Mixed Commission

92, 77, 261, 284, and 302, to be divided among such Claimants according to an Arrangement among the respective Parties and their Agents: Fourth, That the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds shall be allotted for the Liquidation of all other Claims registered under the Convention of the Twelfth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, being just and legitimate, and not within the Exceptions herein-after stated:

Fifth, That in the Apportionment of the Sums assigned for the Liquidation of the respective Classes, the Parties interested in the same shall receive due Proportions of the several Instalments as they shall be paid by the Spanish Government, whether in Money or Certificates of Inscriptions, so that no Class shall have a Preference: Sixth, That in the Determination of the Validity and Amount of the Claims of British Subjects upon Spain > registered by the Mixed Commission acting under the Convention of One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, all Cases shall be considered valid where actual Loss, arising from unliquidated Debt or Force and Aggression, is averred and proved by satisfactory Evidence to have been sustained (Interest on such Claims and Expences in the Prosecution of the same being excepted); and such Cases so proved shall be entitled to the Rate of Apportionment assigned to the Classes to which they respectively belong, save and except such Claims as in the List or Copy of the Register of the Mixed Commission, delivered to the Commissioners of His Catholic Majesty on the Twelfth Day of 'October One thousand eight hundred and twenty-four, were marked Returned" or "Withdrawn;" and also such Claims as have been

"Returned" or "Withdrawn" by Parties interested, or their respective Agents, between the Twelfth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty-four and the Twenty-eighth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight,

by the Desire of the Parties interested, or their respective K Agents; and also such Claims or supposed Claims, founded on

Memorials or Representations made to His Majesty's Govem-

ment, which had been registered by the Commissioners acting under that Convention, in order that if such Memorials or Representations should have been further prosecuted or sustained,

the Interests of the Parties therein named might have received

the

94

C«20.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

the Benefit of sndh Convention, in Support of which Claima no

Person hath appeared, or Communication been made to the said

Mixed Commission by the Parties presumed to have been interested in the same, notwithstanding Requisitions for such Appear* ' ance or Communication were published in the London Gazette on the Eleventh Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, and the Twenty-ninth Day of June One thou* ' sand eight hundred and twenty-four: Seventh, That in the Event of the Sum of Nine hundred thousand Pounds not being paid or

t Sic. 4 stipulated f by His Catholic Majesty under the Provisions of the

Convention of the Twenty-eighth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, the Assent of the said Parties

interested, and their Assigns, to the Acceptance of a Compromise to such Amount as aforesaid shall be considered as withdrawn, nor shall such Assent be held to be in prejudice of their Right to be paid the full Amount of the Sums to which they may be respectively entitled, such Sums to be then ascertained and liquidated as prescribed by the Convention of the Twelfth Day of

March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three s And Whereas His Majesty was pleased, by a Commission under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland,

bearing Date the Fourth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, to nominate and appoint Edward James Dawkins and Robert Albion Cox Esquires to be His Majesty's Commissioners for the Purpose of carrying into Effect,

on the Part of His Majesty, the Provisions contained in the first-mentioned Convention of the Twelfth Day of March One thousand eigjit hundred and twenty-three: And Whereas by

another Commission under the Great Seal of the United King-

dam of Great Britain and Ireland, bearing Date the Tweaty-

fourth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-six,

His Majesty was pleaaed to nominate and appoint Robert Francis Jameson and Joseph Egan Esquires to be His Majesty's Commissioners under the said Convention, in the Room and Place of the said Edward James Dawkins and Robert Albion Cox Es-1 quires, to aot in the Execution of the said Convention with the same Powers and Authority as their Predecessors were invested with: And Whereas the said Commissioners caused to be in *

scribed in a Register the Names of all the Claimants who preseated themselves within the Period prescribed by the said Convention, with the Names of the Agents respectively empowered to act for the said Claimants, ami caused the Cases preferred by the Parties interested, or their Agents, to be numbered in such Register; a Copy of which, or a List of such Claims so numbered (amounting to 331), was delivered to the Commissioners of His Catholic Majesty on the Twelfth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty-four: And Whereas by the ' Erst Article of the Convention signed in London on the Twentyeighth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twentyeight, between His Majesty and the King of Spain, His Catholic Majesty engages to make good the Sum of Nine hundred thousand Pounds as the Amount of the whole of the asid Claims:

And Whereas His Majesty, in furtherance of the Objects of such Convention, and in accordance with the Stipulations of the Third

10° GEO. IV. C. 20.

95

Article of the same, hath caused the necessary Measures to be c taken for the Adjudication of such Claims as aforesaid, which,

being just and legitimate, shall be entitled to a Share of such Sum of Nine hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, and hath en-

tered into an Arrangement with the Parties interested, and their

Assigns, for the Satisfaction of their respective Claims within

the Period named in the same Convention (the Terms of which

Arrangement have been before recited): And Whereas it is ex* ' pedient and necessary that effectual Provision should be made

for carrying into Execution the Stipulations of the said Convention Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Sum of Nine hundred thousand Pounds stipulated to be paid, in the Mode and at the Times before mentioned by the said Treaty, to His Majesty, as a Compromise of the Claims of British Subjects registered by the Mixed Commission acting under the Convention of the Twelfth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, shall be considered and taken to be a full Satisfaction for all such Claims as aforesaid; and that the said Stipulation, as in this Act recited and contained, may be pleaded in bar, or given in Evidence upon the General Issue, and shall be and be deemed and adjudged in every Court whatever to be good and complete Bar in any and every Action, Suit, or Proceeding brought or instituted for Restitution of any Loss, or Payment of any Debt, or for any Damage or Injury for which Compensation hath been sought by any Claim or Claims upon His Catholic Majesty preferred to and registered by the Mixed Commission acting as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Sum of Nine hundred thousand Pounds, paid and to be paid in the Mode and at the Times before mentioned, shall be placed in the Bank of England in the Names of Four Commissioners, forming a Board of Deposit and Liquidation, by whom, or by a Majority of whom, all Orders for Payment of Claims awarded shall be signed.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds stipulated to be paid by the said Treaty, in the Mode and at the Time before mentioned, to His Catholic Majesty, as a Compromise of the Claims of the Spanish Subjects registered by the Mixed Commission acting under the Convention of the Twelfth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, shall be considered and taken to be a full Compensation for all such Claims as aforesaid; and that the said stipulation, as in this Act recited and contained, may be pleaded in Bar, or given in Evidence upon the' General Issue, and shall be and be deemed and adjudged in every Court whatever to be good and complete Bar in any and every Action, Suit, or Proceeding brought or instituted for Restitution of any Loss, or Payment of any Debt, or for any Damage or Injury for which Compensation hath been sought by any Claim or Claims upon His Majesty preferred to and registered by the Mixed Commission acting as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, counter* signed by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for the

The Sum of 900,000l. stipulated to be paid shall be in full Satisfaction of all British Claim* registered under the Convention made with Spain.

The said Sam to be placed in the Bank of England in the Names of Commissioners.

The Sum of 200,0001, stipulated to be paid to Spain shall be in full Satisfaction of all Spanish Claims.

His Majesty may appoint Commissioners for the Adjudication of Claims.

C. 20.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 18£9.

t Sic.

Commissioners empowered to require the Attendance of Parties, and examine upon Oath.

Persons falsely swearing, guilty of Perjury.

Commissioners may issue Precept for Books, &c.

Manner of making Orders for Payment of Sums awarded.

the Time being, to appoint competent Persons as Commissioners of Deposit and Liquidation, and for carrying into Effect the Stipulations of the said Convention, in the Mode and Form agreed to ay virtue of the Third Article of the Bame; and such Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to examine and decide all Cases of Claims upon the Government of Spain duly registered by the Mixed Commission acting under the Convention signed at Madrid on the Twelfth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, and herein-before recited and re-ferredf, save and except the Claims comprised in Class (C.) before mentioned, and to award and apportion such Sums for the Satisfaction of the same to the Parties interested therein, according to such Directions as shall be prescribed by His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State as to the Classes of Claims, as they the said Commissioners may think fit; provided that such Sum do not exceed the Rate of Apportionment assigned to the Class to which such Claims respectively belong, being just and legitimate, and not within the Exceptions herein-before recited.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, and they are hereby empowered, to examine upon Oath (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, are hereby authorized to administer,) all Persons, whether Parties or Witnesses, whom the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, shall think fit to examine, touching all such Matters and Things as shall appear to them to be necessary for the Execution of the Powers vested in the said Commissioners by their Commission and this Act; and all such Persons are hereby directed and required punctually to attend the said Commissioners at such Time and Place as they or any Two of them shall appoint.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, upon Examination upon Oath before the said Commissioners, or any Two of them respectively, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, every such Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in force in Great Britain Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to *

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they or any Two of them are hereby authorized, to send their Precept or Precepts, under their Hands and Seals, for any Person or Persons whatsoever, and for such Books, Papers, Writings, or Records as they shall judge necessary for their Information in the Execution of the Powers vested in the said Commissioners by their said Commission or by this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, shall at any Time after the passing of this Act adjudge or approve of the Claim of any Person or Persons upon the Government of Spain, whose Claim has been registered as aforesaid to be good and valid in the Whole or in Part, and shall have ascertained the Sum of Money to which any such Person or Persons is or are then respectively entitled, and shall have signed and sealed an Award of the same, then the said Commissioners shall present such Award, so signed and sealed, to the Board of Commissioners of Deposit and Liquidation,

10° GEO. IV.

97

C. 20, 21.

ation, by whom, or by a Majority of whom, an Order for Payment of such Sum or Sums so awarded shall be signed; and the said Commissioners shall cause the same, with the Award so signed and sealed, to be delivered to the Person or Persons respectively entitled thereto.

IX. And be it further enacted, That His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs shall assign such Compensation to the said Commissioners, and such Salaries to the Clerks and others engaged in the Office of the said Commissioners, as in his Discretion he shall think fit; and such Compensation and Salaries, and all other Expences attending the said Office, and also the Repayment of all Sums advanced by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in and for the Payment of the Salaries and Expences of the Commissioners appointed under the Convention signed at Madrid on the Twelfth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, shall be liquidated and paid by a Percentage upon or Deduction from the Sums allotted to the Four Classes into which the said Claims are divided, in such Proportion and to such Amount as His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs may or shall determine.

X. And be it further enacted, That should any Difference of Opinion arise between the said Commissioners in the Examination and Adjudication of the Claims, which Difference, by reason of Equality of Votes, cannot be decided, then the Case or Cases upon which such Difference of Opinion may arise shall be referred to the Judgment and Decision of some competent Person, to be named and appointed by His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs; and the Judgment and Decision of such Referee shall be final upon the Point or Points in issue between the said Commissioners.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended, varied, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXL

An Act to continue Compositions for the Assessed Taxes for a further Term of One Year.

[14th May 1829.]

WHEREAS the several Duties of Composition for the Assessed Taxes payable under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable Persons to continue their Compositions for Assessed Taxes for further Periods, and for allotoing Persons who have not compounded to enter into Composition for a limited Termy will expire on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty; and it is expedient to continue and extend such Compositions for the further Term of One Year, to determine on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, in manner and subject to the Provisions hereinafter mentioned: Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Duties now payable under all and every Contract

Salaries to Officers, and Expence of Commission.

Mode of deciding Difference of Opini among the Commissioners.

Act may be altered this Session.

7 G.4. c. 22.

Duties of Assessed Taxes

C. 21, 22.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

payable under Contracts of Composition further continued for One Tear.

Persons paying the said Duties at the appointed Time to have the Benefit of their Contracts as if originally made.

Limiting the Extension of this Act

Powers and Provisions of former Acts to' be executed by Commissioners, &c. for the further Terra.

Act may be altered.

of Composition for the said Duties of Assessed Taxes, by virtue of any Act or Acts in force at the Time of passing this Act, and all and every such Contract and Composition respectively (except in the Cases hereinafter provided), shall and are hereby declared to be continued to His Majesty, to the same annual Amounts as are now payable under such Contracts and Compositions, for the further Period of One Year, to commence from the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty; and all Persons paying the said several Duties of Composition for the said further Term of One Year, by two equal Half-yearly Payments, on or before the Tenth Day of October One thousancf eight hundred and thirty, and on or before the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one respectively, shall have the full Benefit of their respective Contracts and Compositions, to all Intents as if the same had been originally made or entered into under the said Acts, or renewed or continued for a Term or Terms to expire on the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall not extend to any Person who shall be desirous of determining his or her Contract of Composition on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty, and who shall on or before the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine give Notice in Writing of such his or her Desire to the Assessor or Collector of the Parish or Place, or to the Surveyor acting in the Execution of this Act for the District, in which such Composition shall be payable.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers and Provisions contained in or authorized by the said Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any Act or Acts therein mentioned, shall be observed, followed, and executed by the several Commissioners, Surveyors, Inspectors, Collectors, and other Officers acting in the Execution of the said Acts and of this Act, or otherwise, for charging, collecting, levying, enforcing Payment, and paying and accounting for the said Duties hereby made payable for the further Term of One Year, by the Half-yearly Instalments and in the Manner aforesaid, to all Intents as if such Contracts and Compositions respectively had been originally entered into, renewed, or continued in force under the said Acts until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one.

IV. And be it farther enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXII.

An Act to provide until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four, for the Government of His Majesty's Settlements in Western Australia, on the Western Coast of New Holland.

[14th May 1829.]

WHEREAS divers of His Majesty's Subjects have, by the Licence and Consent of His Majesty, effected a Settlement upon certain wild and unoccupied Lands on the Western Coast of New Holland and the Islands adjacent, which Settlements have

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 22, 23. 99

received and are known by the Name of Western Australia: And

Whereas it is necessary to make some temporary Provision for the Civil Government of the said Settlement, until the said Undertaking shall be further matured, and the Number of Colonists in the said Settlements increased; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[His Majesty, by Order in Council, may appoint Persons to make Laws for the Government of the Settlements in Western Australia.]

That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by any Order or Orders to be by Him or them made, with the Advice of His or their Privy Council, to make, ordain, and (subject to such Conditions and Restrictions as to Him or them shall seem meet) to authorize and empower any Three or more Persons resident and being within the said Settlements to make, ordain, and establish all such Laws, Institutions, and Ordinances, and to constitute such Courts and Officers, as may be necessary for the Peace, Order, and good Government of His Majesty's Subjects and others within the said Settlements; provided that all such Orders in Council, and all Laws and Ordinances so to be made as aforesaid, shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament as soon as conveniently may be after the making and Enactment thereof respectively:

[Proviso as to New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land.]

Provided also, that no Part of the Colonies of New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land, as at present established, shall be comprized within the said New Colony or Settlements of Western Australia.

[Continuance of Act.]

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four, and thenceforward until the End of the then next ensuing Session of Parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to impose Duties on the Importation of Silk and Silk Goods, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof.

[22d May 1829.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Duties now payable upon the Importation of Silk and Silk Goods shall cease and determine, and that other Duties shall be imposed in lieu thereof Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of After 5th July July next all Duties payable upon the Importation of Silk and Silk the Duties pay Goods under any Act or Acts now in force shall be repealed, and aW*P°n 1-that from and after the said Fifth Day of July the several Duties of Customs set forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed, repealed, and marked (A.), shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto. His those set forth Majesty, in like Manner as if such Duties had been imposed in and iu Table (A.) by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, inti- kried-tuled An Act for granting Duties of Customs, and had been set forth in a Table thereunto annexed.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to Restrictions as import into the United Kingdom any Manufactures of Silk in any to the IPlPort '

H 2 Ship Menu-

C. 2S.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

fkctures of Silk.

0 G.4. c. 107. Commissioners of Customs may grant Licences for certain Vessels belonging to Dovor.

In Entries of Silk Goods subject to Duty both Weight and Value shall be stated.

Drawbacks upon Exportation.

To whom only Drawbacks shall be allowed.

Drawbacks to be allowed if Silks are shipped within Two Years.

The whole Value of Goods seized to be paid to the Officer,

Ship or Vessel which is not of the Burthen of Seventy Tons or upwards, except as hereinafter provided; nor to import any such Manufactures, being the Manufactures of Europe, into any Port, except into the Port of London or into the Port of Dublin direct from Bourdeaux, or into the Port of Dovor direct from Calais; and that this Restriction shall be complied with and enforced in like Manner as if the same were set forth in a Table, denominated " A Table of Prohibitions and Restrictions Inwards," contained in an Act passed in the Sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the general Regulation of the Customs.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs from Time to Time, and upon such Security as they shall see fit to require, to grant their Licence for any Vessel belonging to the Port of Dovor to import such Manufactures into that Port direct from the Port of Calais, although such Vessel may not be of greater Burthen than of Sixty Tons.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in the Entry of all Silk Goods which are subject to Duty according to the Weight or to the Value thereof, at the Option of the Officers of the Customs, the Weight and the Value of such Goods shall be both stated, and such Value shall be affirmed in like Manner as the Value of any Goods charged to pay Duty according to the Value thereof is affirmed under the Provisions of the said last-mentioned Act for the Regulation of the Customs; and that it shall be lawful for the Officers of the Customs to detain any such Goods, and to take the same for the Use of the Crown, in like Manner and upon the same Terms as such Officers may under the Provisions of the said Act detain and take any Goods entered for Payment of Duty according to the Value thereof as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, upon the Exportation of Silk Goods, the Drawbacks of the Duties payable on the Importation of Thrown Silks, set forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed, shall be allowed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Drawbacks granted by this Act shall be allowed only in respect of Exportations to be made by the Persons in whose Names the Amount of Duties to be drawn back had been paid, or to be made by any Holder of any written Order signed by any such Persons, transferring the Right of making such Exportations and of receiving such Drawbacks thereupon.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Drawback shall be allowed, although the manufactured Silks in respect of which the same shall be claimed shall not have been made of the Thrown Silk in respect of which the Amount of Duties to be drawn back had been paid, and whether such Amount of Duties shall have been received under the Authority of this Act or of any former Act: Provided always, that the said Drawback shall not be allowed unless such manufactured Silks be shipped for Exportation within Two Years after the Payment of such Duties.

VIII. And Whereas it is expedient that greater Rewards than heretofore should be granted to Officers upon the Seizure of Foreign Silk Goods Be it enacted, That upon the Seizure and

C. 23. 101

Condemnation of any such Goods, for the Breach of any Law now made or hereafter to be made, relating to the Revenue of Customs, or for the Prevention of Smuggling, there shall be paid to the Officer seizing the same, in lieu of the Rewards granted by any former Act, the whole Value of such Goods, exclusive of the Duty thereon:

Provided always, that such Goods shall be sold for Exportation only.

IX. And be it further enacted, That where any Penalty shall and One have been recovered from any Person in respect of any such Moiety of Goods, there shall be paid to the Officer by whose Means such PenaUu*-Penalty is recovered One Moiety of the Penalty or Sum recovered.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, Act may be altered, or repealed by any Act to be passed in the present Ses- altered, sion of Parliament.

TABLE (A.) to which this Act refers.

DUTIES.

Silk; viz* £ *. d.

— Knubs or Husks of Silk and Waste Silk - the cwt. 0 1 0

Raw Silk - the lb. 0 0 1

— — Thrown Silk, not dyed; viz. Singles - the lb. 0 1 6

Tram - - the lb. 0 2 0

Organzine and Crape Silk - the lb. 0 3 6

Thrown Silk, dyed; viz* Singles or Tram - - the lb. 0 3 0

Organzine or Crape Silk - - the lb. 0 5 2

Manufactures of Silk, or of Silk mixed with any other Material, the Produce of Europe; viz. Silk or Satin, Plain - - the lb. 0 11 0

- - - or, and at the Option of the Officers of the Customs for every £100 of the Value 25 0 0

Silk or Satin, Figured or Brocaded - the lb. 0 15 0

or, and at the Option of the Officers of the Customs for every jglOO of the Value 30 0 0

Gauze, Plain - the lb.' 0 17 0

or, and at the Option of the Officers of the Customs for every *glOO of the Value Gauze, Striped, Figured, or Brocaded - the lb. 30 0 0

1 7 6

- or, and at the Option of the Officers of the Customs for every sglOO of the Value so 0 0

Crape, Plain - the lb. 0 16 0

- - - or, and at the Option of the Officers of the Customs for every cglOO of the Value so 0 0

Crape, Figured - - the lb. 0 18 0

or, and at the Option of the Officers of the Customs for every £100 of the Value so 0 0

Velvet, Plain ... the lb. 1 2 0

or, and at the Option of the Officers of the Customs for every ^100 of the Value u a so 0 0

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

£ s. d.

Velvet, Figured - - the lb. - or, and at the Option of the* Officers of the Customs ] 7 6

for every s£lOO of the Value Ribbons, Embossed, or Figured with Velvet - the lb. - or, and at the Option of the Officers of the Customs so 0 0

0 17 0

for every *£100 of the Value - - and further, if mixed with Gold, Silver, or other Metal, in addition to the above Rates, when the Duty is not so 0 0

charged according to the Value - - the lb. 0 10 0

Fancy Silk Net or Tricot - - the lb. 1 4 0

Plain Silk Lace or Net, called Tulle, the square yard Manufactures of Silk, or of Silk mixed with any other Material, the Produce of and imported from British Possessions within the Limits of the East India Company's 0 1 4

Charter - - for every £ 100 of the Vaue Millinery of Silk, or of which the greater Part of the Materials is of Silk; viz. 20 0 0

Turbans or Caps - - each 0 15 0

Hats or Bonnets - each 1 5 0

Dresses - - each - or, and at the Option of the Officers of the Customs 2 10 0

for every «£100 of the Value — Manufactures of Silk, or of Silk and any other Material, not particularly enumerated or otherwise charged with Duty 40 0 0

for every s£l00 of the Value Articles of Manufacture of Silk, or of Silk and any other Material, wholly or in Part made up, not particularly enumerated, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every SO 0 0

j£l00of the Value 30 0 0

TABLE (B.) to which this Act refers.

DRAWBACKS on the EXPORTATION of SILK GOODS manufactured in the United Kingdom.

For every lb. of Stuffs or Ribbons of Silk, composed of Silk only, £ £«

and being of the Value of Fourteerf Shillings at least For every lb. of Stuffs or Ribbons of Silk and Cotton mixed, whereof One Half at least shall be Silk, and being of the 0, 3 6

Value of Four Shillings and Eight-pence at least - For every lb. of Stuffs or Ribbons of Silk and Worsted mixed, whereof One Half at least shall be Silk, and being of the Value 0 1 2

of Two Shillings and Four-pence at least 0 0 7

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 24.

208

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to enable the Commissioners for the Redaction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities and Annuities for Terms of Years.

[22d May 1829.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to repeal so much of several Acts as 9 G.4. c.ls.

empotvers the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt

to grant Life Annuities; and it is expedient that the said Commissioners should be enabled to grant such Annuities in future according to the Duration of Human Life as ascertained by recent Tables of Observation thereon, and also to grant Annuities to continue for a certain limited Term of Years; and that all such Annuities should be granted in Consideration of the Trans-

fer of Bank Annuities, or Annuities commonly called Long Annuities, or in Consideration of Payment of Money to the said Commissioners; and that Provisions should be made for carrying the

said Measure into Effect as hereinafter expressed Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall Commissioners be lawful for the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National for Reduction Debt, at such Days and Times as they shall from Time to Time

appoint by Notice in the London Gazette for that Purpose, to accept and receive from any Person or Persons whomsoever the of Stock, or re-Transfer of any Bank Annuities or Long Annuities transferable ceive Money for at the Bank of England, or to receive any Sum or Sums of Money the Purchase of as the Consideration for the Purchase of Life Annuities, or of An- Ltf^immech nuities for a certain limited Term of Years, to be chargeable and ate^d^rred charged upon and to be payable out of the Consolidated Fund of or for Terms of the United Kingdom; and to sell and grant Annuities, either on the Years. Continuance of single Lives, or on the Continuance of Two Lives, and the Life of the longest Liver of them, or upon the joint Continuance of Two joint Lives, such Annuities to commence respectively either immediately or at a Period to be fixed at the Time of granting any Annuity; and also to sell and grant deferred Annuities upon the Continuance of a single Life or joint Lives; and also to sell and grant Annuities, to continue for any certain limited Term of Years, to commence either immediately or on any Day to be named at the Time of granting any such Annuity; and also to sell and grant, generally, any immediate Annuities, or any temporary Annuities, or any deferred Annuities, of whatsoever Kind or Denomination (save and except that no deferred Annuities shall be granted for any certain limited Term of Years to commence from and after the Death of any Nominee), as are allowed by this Act, in the Manner and under the Limitations and Restrictions and Regulations hereinafter expressed.

H. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Annuity or An- Annuities not nuities shall be sold or granted by the said Commissioners upon the to be granted Life of any Nominee under the Provisions of this Act, who, on on R* Life of the Day when the Contract for such Annuity or Annuities shall be ^deM*5Years made, shall be under the Age of Fifteen Years; Provided also, that Age> nore"

H4 it

C. 24.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

any other Case where the Commissioners, Sec. may think fit to decline.

Annuities may be purchased by the Transfer of not less than 100I. Stock, &c.

or Payment of not less than 51. a Year, Sec.

All Bank Annuities so transferred, &c. shall be cancelled.

Annuities granted shall be accepted by Grantees, if required.

Purchasers of Annuities may appoint Nominees, being Natives of the United Kingdom.

it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or the Comptroller General or Assistant Comptroller acting under the said Commissioners, to decline or refuse to sell and grant any Annuity under the Provisions of this Act, in such Cases where there shall be, in the Opinion of the said Commissioners, or of the said Comptroller General or Assistant Comptroller, sufficient Grounds for refusing or declining so to do.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to accept and receive any Amount, not less than One hundred Pounds, of any Bank Annuities, or to accept and receive any Sum of Money or any Amount of Long Annuities, equal in Value to not less than One hundred Pounds of Three per Cent. Bank Annuities, according to the average Price of such Annuities, to be ascertained in manner hereinafter directed, from any Person or Persons desirous of purchasing any Annuity or Annuities for Lives or Years of whatsoever Kind, under the Regulations of this Act, at and according to such Rates as shall be specified in any Table or Tables which shall be from Time to Time approved by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them; and it shall also be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to accept and receive from any Person or Persons any Sum of Money by the Year, at such Time or Times in each and every Year as the said Commissioners shall appoint, amounting to Five Pounds or upwards in Money, for the Purpose of enabling the Person or Persons making such Payment or Transfer to purchase any of the before-mentioned deferred Annuities for Lives, under the Provisions of this Act, according to such Regulations as the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt shall direct and approve; and all Bank Annuities and Long Annuities which shall be so transferred, and also all Bank Annuities which shall be purchased with any Sums of Money so paid, shall from Time to Time be carried to the Account of the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and shall then be cancelled, and all Interest or Dividends on such Annuities respectively shall cease to be charged upon or to be issued dut of the Consolidated Fund from and after the Day upon which any such Annuities respectively shall be transferred to and placed in the Names of the said Commissioners: Provided always, that the several Persons by whom any Annuities for Lives or Years of whatsoever Kind shall be purchased, or to whom any such Annuities shall be assigned and transferred under the Provisions of this Act, shall (if the Governor and Company of the said Bank shall require the same) respectively underwrite his, her, or their Acceptance thereof in the Books of the said Governor and Company, by himself or herself, or by some other Person or Persons duly authorized on his, her, or their Behalf.

IV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Person shall be desirous of purchasing, under the Provisions of this Act, any Life Annuity of whatsoever Kind, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so desiring to purchase such Annuity to name and appoint any other Person or Persons, being of the Age of Fifteen Years or upwards at the Time of such Nomination, and being a

C. 24.

105

10° GEO. IV.

Native or Natives of, and most usually resident within, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, on the Continuance of whose Life such Annuity shall depend: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent any Person, whether a Native or not of the United Kingdom, or not residing in the United Kingdom, from purchasing any Life Annuity of whatsoever Kind under this Act, to depend upon the Continuance of the Life of himself, herself, or themselves, as the Nominee or Nominees of such Annuity.

V. And be it further enacted, That before any Bank Annuities or Long Annuities shall be transferred, or any Money shall be paid to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for the Purchase of any Life Annuity under the Provisions of this Act, a Declaration in such Form as shall from Time to Time be directed or authorized by the said Commissioners, or by the Comptroller General or Assistant Comptroller acting under the said Commissioners, shall be signed by the Person or One of the Persons desirous of purchasing such Annuity, or by some Person on his, her, or, their Behalf, stating the Name of the Person by whom or on whose Behalf such Annuity shall be purchased, and the Name or Names of the Person or Persons on whose Life or Lives such Annuity is required to be granted, with such other Particulars as the said Commissioners, or the said Comptroller General or Assistant Comptroller, shall from Time to Time direct, and such Declaration shall be delivered to the said Comptroller General or Assistant Comptroller, or other Officer acting under the said Commissioners; and there shall also be produced to the said Officer a Copy of the Register of the Birth or Baptism of the Person desiring to purchase such Annuity on his own Life, or of any and every Nominee on whose Life or Lives any such Annuity shall be purchased, certified as true, under the Hand of the Minister of the Parish or Place where such Register shall be kept, or in the Absence of the Minister, then a Copy of such Register, together with a Certificate of the Truth thereof (wherein such Absence shall be specified), under the Hands of the Churchwardens or Chapelwardens or Overseers of such Parish or Place, or any Two of them; and every such Certificate, whether of the Minister or Churchwardens, or Chapelwardens or Overseers, shall be attested by Two or more credible Witnesses; and to such Certificate there shall also be annexed an Affidavit of the said Witnesses, or One of them, or their, his, or her solemn Affirmation (in case they or either of them shall be of the Persuasion called Quakers), to be made before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or before the Comptroller General or Assistant Comptroller, or other Officer or Officers appointed by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, (and which Oath or Affirmation such Justice or Magistrate, or Comptroller General, Assistant Comptroller, or other Officer, is hereby authorized and empowered to administer,) that such Witness or Witnesses did examine and compare the said Copy of the Register of Birth or Baptism with the Register thereof, and did see such Minister, or Churchwardens or Chapelwardens, or Overseers (as the Case may be), sign the said Certificate, and that the Names of such Witnesses are of their own proper Handwriting; and to every such Certificate shall

Not to prevent any Persons from purchasing Annuities on their own Lives.

Previously to Transfer of Stock or Payment of Honey, Parties shall sign Declaration, and produce Certificates of Age of Nominees of Life Annuities.

106

C. 2*-

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

If Day of Birth not named in Certificate, Age shall be calculated from the Day of Baptism.

Proof of Age.

also be annexed an Affidavit or solemn Affirmation made by the Purchaser of the said Annuity (or by One of the Purchasers in case there shall be Two or more), or by some Person on his, her, or their Behalf, before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or before such Comptroller General or Assistant Comptroller, or other Officer or Officers of the said Commissioners, that the Person named and described in the Copy or Certificate of the Register of Birth or Baptism produced to the said Officer is the same Person who is appointed to be such Nominee.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all Cases where any Copy or Certificate of any Register, which shall be produced pursuant to this Act, shall purport to be a Copy or Certificate of the Register of the Baptism only, and not of the Birth of any Person, the Age of such Person shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be calculated from the Date of such Baptism, and the Amount of the Annuity to be purchased on the Life of the Person named in any such Copy or Certificate shall be estimated and ascertained in like Manner in all Respects as if such Person had been bora on the Day expressed in such Copy or Certificate to be the Date of his or her Baptism.

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in case any Person by whom or on whose Behalf any Annuity shall be purchased on his or her own Life shall not be a Native of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in case the Birth or Baptism of any Nominee whatever, whether such Person shall be his own Nominee or not (being a Native of the United Kingdom), shall not appear in the Register of the Parish where such Nominee shall have been born or baptized, then and in every such Case there shall be produced to the said Comptroller General or Assistant Comptroller, or other Officer of the said Commissioners (in lieu of such Certificates and Affidavits as aforesaid), an Affidavit or solemn Affirmation, in Writing, of the Age of such Nominee, together with his or her Name, Surname, Addition, and Employment or Occupation (if any), and usual Place of Abode, and also the Place of his or her Birth, and the Names of his or her Parents or reputed Parents, also stating that the Person named and described in such Affidavit or Affirmation is the Person on whose Life such Annuity is intended to be purchased; and such Affidavit or Affirmation shall be made either by the Person or One of the Persons by whom or on whose Behalf such Annuity shall be purchased, or by such Nominee, or by some other Person having Knowledge of the several Circumstances before mentioned; in which latter Case the said Affidavit or Affirmation shall also be accompanied by an Affidavit or Affirmation to be made by the Person or One of the Persons by whom or on whose Behalf such Annuity shall be purchased, that the Contents of such last-mentioned Affidavit are true to the best of his or her Knowledge and Belief; and such Affidavits or Affirmations respectively shall and may be taken before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or before the said Comptroller General or Assistant Comptroller, or other Officer or Officers of the said Commissioners; and if any such Person or Nominee shall be a Native of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, then in such Affidavit shall

10° GEO. IV. C. 2*.

J07

also be stated the Cause why a Certificate of the Copy of the Register of his or her Birth or Baptism cannot be produced.

VIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in Cases where any Annuity for a certain limited Term of Years is intended to be purchased under the Provisions of this Act, it shall be sufficient for that Purpose for the Purchaser, or for some Person on his, her, or their Behalf, to sign and produce a Declaration to such Officer of such his Intention, in such Form as the said Commissioners, or the said Comptroller General or Assistant Comptroller, shall from Time to Time approve.

IX. And for ascertaining the average Price of Bank Annuities, according to which the Amount of any Annuities purchased under the Provisions of this Act is to be regulated, be it enacted, That the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall and they are hereby required to cause an Account to be made out, on every Day on which any Bank Annuities or Long Annuities shall have been bought at the Bank of England, of the average Price at which all or any Bank Annuities or Long Annuities shall have been bought on such Day; and such Account shall be transmitted to the Comptroller General or Assistant Comptroller of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for the Purpose of enabling him to ascertain and certify, in manner hereinafter directed, the respective Amounts of the Life Annuities which may be purchased under the Provisions of this Act; and a Copy thereof shall be put up in some conspicuous Place of his Office, in order that the same may be seen by all Persons desirous of ascertaining the Price at which Stock may be transferred, and the Price at which Money may be laid out, for the Purchase of any Annuities under the Provisions of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall appear to the said Comptroller General or Assistant Comptroller, or any other Officer acting under the said Commissioners, that the Certificates and Affidavits and Declaration produced by the proposed Purchaser of any Annuity as aforesaid are conformable to the Directions of this Act, such Officer shall' thereupon ascertain the Amount of the Annuity for Life or Lives or Years, to be payable in respect of the Bank Annuities or Long Annuities proposed to be transferred, or in respect of the Sum of Money proposed to be paid for the Purchase of any such Annuities respectively; and the Amount of such respective Annuities for Lives or Years shall in all Cases be calculated and checked by the Actuary and Accountant, or other Check Officer, of the Check Branch in the Office of the said Commissioners; and thereupon such Comptroller General or Assistant Comptroller, or other Officer, shall grant his Certificate to the Party making such Purchase, and shall transmit a Duplicate thereof to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; and upon the Production and Delivery of the original Certificate at the Bank, and upon the Transfer to the said Commissioners of such Bank Annuities or Long Annuities, or upon the Payment to them of such Sum of Money as aforesaid, as the Consideration for the Purchase of the Annuity required to be granted, a Certificate or Receipt shall be given by One of the Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank, to the Party on whose Behalf such Transfer or Payment shall be made, and such Receipt shall be an Acquittance or

Discharge

Purchaser of an Annuity for Years to sign a Declaration approved by the Commissioners.

Average Prices of Stocks to be daily made out and transmitted to Officer.

When it shall appear to the Comptroller General, that the Declaration, &c, has been made conformable to this Act, he may grant a Certificate thereof;

upon Production of which the Stock may be transferred, and the Party receive an Acquittance.

108

C. 24.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

If Bargains are made in Stock bearing more than 3 per Cent. Interest, or in Long Annuities, or Money, such Stock, &c. shall be converted into 3 per Cents.

Future Bank Annuities, &c. may be transferred for the Purposes of this Act.

Money for the Purchase of Annuities shall be paid into the Bank to Account of Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

Discharge for the Bank Annuities or Long Annuities so transferred, or for the Money so paid: Provided always, that no Certificate for enabling the Transfer of any Bank Annuities, or for the Payment of Money in lieu thereof, for the Purchase of any Annuities to be granted under the Provisions of this Act, shall be or continue valid to authorize such Payment or Transfer being made after the Expiration of Five Days from the Date of such Certificate.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person desirous of purchasing any Annuity for Lives or Years, of whatsoever Kind, under this Act, to transfer to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt any Bank Annuities carrying a higher Rate of Interest than Three Pounds per Centum per Annum; and whenever any such Bank Annuities or any Long Annuities shall be so transferred, and whenever any Sum of Money shall be paid for the Purchase of any Annuity for Lives or Years under this Act, such Bank Annuities carrying a higher Rate of Interest than Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and such Long Annuities, and such Sum of Money respectively, shall be first converted, by the Computation of the proper Officer acting under the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, into Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities (at the Option of the Purchaser), according to the average Price of Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, to be ascertained as directed by this Act, and the Annuity or Annuities to be granted in respect of the Consideration of such Purchase shall be calculated and ascertained upon the Amount of Three Pounds per Centum Annuities (excluding the fractional Parts of a Pound of such last-mentioned Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, if any,) produced by such Conversion; and whenever any Sum of Money shall be so paid, a Charge of Two Shillings and Sixpence shall be made upon the Purchaser of such Annuity for Life or Years, for every entire One hundred Pounds of Three Pounds per Centum Annuities produced by the Conversion of such Money into such Three Pounds per Centum Annuities as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That any Bank Annuities, and any Annuities for a certain Term of Years, which may at any Time after the passing of this Act be created by this Act, or by any future Act or Acts, shall be transferable and may be transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for the Purchase of any Annuities of whatsoever Kind, under the Provisions of this Act, in like Manner in all Respects as any Bank Annuities, or Annuities for a certain Term of Years, existing at the Time of the passing of this Act, and shall be subject to all the Rules, Regulations, and Provisions in this Act contained.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Sum of Money shall be the Consideration for any Annuity for Lives or Years, of whatsoever Kind, to be granted under the Provisions of this Act, such Sum of Money shall be paid by or on Behalf of the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Annuity into the Bank of England, under a Certificate of the proper Officer, of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; and upon the Production of such Certificate, the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Bank shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to receive all such Monies, and to place the same to the Account of

the

10° GEO. IV. C. 24.

109

the said Commissioners; and all such Monies shall be laid out on Behalf of the said Commissioners in the Purchase of Bank Annuities, as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time direct; and all such Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be cancelled as herein-before directed: Provided always, that all Monies paid to the said Commissioners for the Purchase of Life Annuities shall be carried to their Account, standing in the Books of the said Bank, under any Acts heretofore in force enabling the said Commissioners to grant Life Annuities; and all Monies paid to the said Commissioners for the Purchase of Annuities for Terms of Years shall be carried to a distinct and separate Account in the Books of the said Bank.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That for the better carrying this Act into Execution, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, from Time to Time, as they shall think tit, to direct the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to use and adopt such Tables as shall, from Time to Time, be authorized and approved of by the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, for ascertaining the Values of Annuities depending on the Continuance of single Lives, and on the Continuance of Two Lives and the Life of the longest Liver of them, and on the joint Continuance of Two joint Lives; and also such Tables of the Values of deferred Annuities on single or joint Lives; and also such Tables of the Values of Annuities, for a certain limited Term of Years, immediate or deferred, as may be granted according to the Provisions of this Act; and such respective Tables shall be valid and effectual for the Purposes of this Act; and all Annuities for Lives or Years, of whatsoever Kind, to be purchased under the Provisions of this Act, shall be purchased according to the Values stated in such Tables respectively, so long as the same shall remain in force; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of the Treasury to alter, revoke, and recall all or any such Tables from Time to Time, and to direct the Use and Adoption of such other Tables in lieu thereof as shall be approved of by the said Commissioners of the Treasury: Provided always, that the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt shall, previous to the Adoption and using of any such Tables respectively, give Notice, from Time to Time, in the London Gazette, in such Form and Manner as to the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt shall seem fit and proper, that such Tables have been authorized and approved by the said Commissioners of the Treasury.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in fevery Case where any Bank Annuities or Long Annuities shall be transferred, or any Sum of Money shall be paid as the Consideration for the Purchase of any Annuity for Lives or Years, of whatsoever Kind, under the Provisions of this Act, the Person or Persons purchasing any such Annuity for Lives or Years, upon the Transfer of such Bank Annuities or Long Annuities, or upon the Payment of such Sum of Money to the said Commissioners, shall, for every One hundred Pounds of such Three per Centum Bank Annuities, or for every Sum of Long Annuities, or for every Sum of Money paid equal to the Value of such One hundred Pounds of such Three per Centum Annuities,

and

Treasury shall direct the Use of Tables of the Value of Annuities as approved by them.

Purchasers of Life Annuities, or Annuities for Years, shall be entitled to such Amount of Annuity as shall be specified in such Tables.

C. 24.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Preventing

Fractions.

Life Annuities granted under this Act shall be added to former Annuities for Lives;

and Annuities for Years shall be carried to a separate Account.

and so in Proportion for any greater Sum, be entitled to receive (during the Continuance of the single Life of the Nominee, or during the Lives of the Two Nominees and the Life of the longest Liver of them, or during the joint Continuance of the Lives of the Two joint Nominees, or dufing the Continuance of the single or joint Lives in Cases of deferred Life Annuities, or during the Term of Years; immediate or deferred, for which any Annuity shall be granted under this Act,) an Annuity for a Life or Lives, or for Terms of Years, as the Case may be, of such annual Amount as shall be specified in any such Table or Tables respectively, as the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall from Time to Time authorize and approve in manner hereinbefore directed, to be calculated and ascertained according to the Age of the Nominee or Nominees, or the Continuance of the Term of Years respectively, as the Case may be, and according to the average Price (to be ascertained as is herein-before directed) of1Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities on the Day preceding the Day of granting the said Certificate to the Party purchasing any such Annuity for a Life or Lives, or for a Term of Years as aforesaid: Provided always, that whenever it shall happen that no Sale of any Bank Annuities shall have been made, so as to enable such average Price to be ascertained on each and every Day, in manner herein-before required, then such Calculation shall be made according to the average Price on the nearest Day preceding the Date of the Certificate to be granted by such Officer.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person to transfer, for the Purchase of any Annuity under the Provisions of this Act, any less Sum than One hundred Pounds of any Bank Annuities, nor any fractional Part less than One Pound of such Bank Annuities, except in Cases expressly provided for by this Act; and that in every Case where the Calculation of the Amount of any Annuity, according to the Provisions of this Act, shall produce a Fraction less than Sixpence, the fractional Part of the said Annuity less than Sixpence shall be taken from the Amount thereof, and shall not be inserted in the Certificate to be granted by the Officer of the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, nor shall be payable at the Bank of England.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Life Annuities of whatsoever Kind, which shall be purchased and granted under the Provisions of this Act (whether such Life Annuities shall commence immediately or not), shall in their due Course, as the same shall fall due and become payable, be added to and shall form Part of the Life Annuities payable at the Bank of England under any Act or Acts heretofore in force enabling the said Commissioners to grant Life Annuities; and all Annuities for Terms of Years, which shall be purchased and granted under this Act, shall he carried to a separate Account in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and the Books of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, under the Title of " Annuities for Terms of Years granted by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, pursuant to Act of the Tenth of George the Fourth;" and the said Annuities for Terms of Years shall be comprehended

Ill

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 24.

prehended in One General Account, notwithstanding the said Annuities shall continue for various Terms of Years.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Person shall have purchased any Annuity for the Life or Lives of any Nominee or Nominees under the Provisions of any Act heretofore in force, by which the said Commissioners were empowered to grant Life Annuities, or under the Provisions of this Act, and such Person shall be afterwards desirous of purchasing any further Annuity or Annuities on the Life or Lives of the same Nominee or Nominees (whether such Life Annuities shall have been originally contracted for to commence immediately or not), the original Proofs of the Age of such Nominee or Nominees, produced at the Time of the Purchase of the First Annuity, shall be deemed sufficient to authorize the proper Officer of the said Commissioners, and such Officer is hereby required from Time to Time to grant to the Person applying to him for that Purpose all or any such Certificate or Certificates as by this Act are directed or required, for the Purpose of enabling such Persons to transfer any Bank Annuities or Long Annuities, or for the Payment of any Sum of Money for the Purchase of such further Life Annuity or Annuities, without the Production of any fresh Certificates or Affidavits in regard to the Birth or Baptism or other Particulars respecting such Nominee or Nominees; and the Certificates so to be granted by such Officer shall be valid and effectual to enable every such Person to transfer any Bank Annuities or Long Annuities, or to make Payments of any Sum of Money for the Purchase of such further Life Annuity or Annuities, and to entitle every such Person to such Certificates and Receipts from the Cashier of the Bank of England^ in like Manner as if the Certificate of such Officer had been granted upon the Production of the original Certificates and Affidavits.

XIX. And Whereas it may tend to facilitate the granting Life Annuities under this Act, if Persons other than those by whom any Nominee or Nominees were originally named and appointed were allowed to purchase Annuities upon the Life or Lives of such Nominee or Nominees without new Certificates; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to purchase in all Cases any of the aforesaid Annuity or Annuities, of whatsoever Kind, under the Provisions of this Act, upon the Life or Lives of any One or more Nominee or Nominees either singly or jointly, whose Age shall have been certified and verified under the Provisions of this Act, or of any Act heretofore in force as aforesaid, without the Production of any new or additional Certificate or Certificates of the Age or Ages of such Nominee or Nominees: Provided always, that in every such Case an Affidavit or solemn Affirmation as to the Identity of such Nominee or Nominees shall be made by the Purchaser of any such Annuity, or by some Person on Behalf of such Purchaser, before such and the like Persons as are specified and required in and by this Act, in Cases wherein Copies of the Register of the Birth or Baptism of any Nominee or Nominees is or are required to be produced under the Provisions of this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall from Time to Time be nominated and appointed by the said Commissioners for the Reduction of

the

Life Annuitants may make further Purchases on Lives of original Nominees without fresh Certificates.

Any Persons may purchase Life Annuities on Lives of Nominees of other Annuitants without fresh Certifi-, cates.

Persons appointed by Commissioners shall accept

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Stock transferred by Purchasers of Annuities.

Annuities purchased under this Act and former Acts chargeable on Consolidated Fund.

Amount of Annuities from Time to Time payable shall be certified to the Treasury, who shall issue their Warrant to the Bank for Payment thereof out of the Con -solidated Fund.

Time of Half-yearly Payment of all Annuities granted under this Act.

the National Debt under this Act, or who shall have been appointed by them under any Act heretofore in force, to accept any Transfer of Stock made to the said Commissioners under the Provisions of this Act, and such Person or Persons are hereby authorized and empowered to accept the Transfer of any Bank Annuities or Long Annuities which shall be transferred to the said Commissioners for the Purchase of any Annuities for Life or Years of whatsoever Kind under the Provisions of this Act; and ali Annuities for Lives or Years of whatsoever Kind which shall be purchased under the Authority of this Act, or which shall have been purchased under any Act or Acts heretofore in force enabling the said Commissioners to grant Life Annuities, or under an Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, empowering the said Commissioners to grant Annuities for Lives or Years for promoting the beneficial Purposes of the Fund commonly called the Waterloo Subscription, shall be charged and chargeable, and the same are hereby made chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, and shall be paid and payable at the Bank of England, in manner directed by this Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of ascertaining from Time to Time the Amount of Annuities for Lives of or Terms of Years, payable under the Authority of this Act or any Acts heretofore in force enabling the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities, the Comptroller General or Assistant Comptroller acting under the said Commissioners shall, within Fourteen Days next preceding the Fifth Day of July, the Tenth Day of October, the Fifth Day of January, and the Fifth Day of April in each and every Year (commencing on and from the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine), after deducting all expired and unclaimed Annuities for Lives or Years which shall have previously ceased and determined, certify to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury the Amount of Annuities for Lives and of Annuities for Terms of Years, the Half-yearly Payments of which shall from Time to Time be chargeable upon the said Consolidated Fund on each of such Days respectively; and the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall thereupon order and direct, by Warrant under their Hands, the Sums specified from Time to Time in every such Certificate to be issued and paid out of the said Consolidated Fund from Time to Time to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account or the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for the Purpose of paying all such Annuities respectively.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all Annuities for Lives or Years of whatsoever Kind, which shall be purchased under the Provisions of this Act, shall be payable at the Bank of England by Two equal Half-yearly Payments, to be respectively made on the Fifth Day of January and on the Fifth Day of July, or on the Fifth Day of April and the Tenth Day of October, in each and every Year, according to the respective Periods, as hereinafter mentioned, within which any Bank Annuities or Long Annuities shall be transferred, or any Money shall be paid for the Purchase of any such Annuities for Life or Years of whatsoever Kind respectively;

10° GEO. IV. C. 24.

118

and the first Half-yearly Payment of every such Annuity so purchased shall be made at the Times following; (that is to say,) on the Fifth Day of January in respect of all Purchases completed by the Transfer of Bank Annuities or Long Annuities, or Payment of Money at any Time during the Quarter ending on the Tenth Day of October preceding such Fifth Day of January; on the Fifth Day of April in respect of all such Purchases completed at any Time during the Quarter ending on the Fifth Day of January preceding such Fifth Day of April; on the Fifth Day of July in respect of all such Purchases completed at any Time during the Quarter ending on the Fifth Day of April preceding such Fifth Day of July; and on the Tenth Day of October in respect of all such Purchases completed at any Time during the Quarter ending on the Fifth Day of July preceding such Tenth Day of October; and all future Half-yearly Payments of every such Annuity shall be made with reference to the Time of such first Half-yearly Payment: Provided always, that upon the Death of any single Nominee, or of the Survivor of any Two joint Nominees in respect of any Life Annuity, or upon the Death of either of the Two joint Nominees, in case the Annuity shall have depended upon the joint Continuance of the Lives of Two joint Nominees, a Sum equal to One Fourth Part of the Annuity depending upon the Life of such single or surviving Nominee, or such Two joint Nominees (over and above all Half-yearly Arrears thereof respectively), shall be payable to the Person or Persons entitled to such Annuity, or his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns (as the Case may be), on the Half-yearly Day of Payment next succeeding the Death of such Nominee; provided that such last-mentioned Payment shall be claimed within Two Years after the Death of such single or surviving Nominee, or after the Death of either of such Two joint Nominees, but not otherwise: Provided also, that the Fourth Part of any expired Life Annuity payable under the Provisions of this Act shall not be payable nor be paid upon or in respect of any deferred or reversionary Life Annuity, unless One Half-yearly Payment of such deferred Life Annuity shall have been actually paid or become due at the Time of the Decease of such Nominee.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That for the Space' of Fourteen Days next after any of the said Quarterly Days for Payment of the said Annuities respectively, no Bargain or Contract shall be made by or on Behalf of the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt for the Grant or Purchase of any Annuity under this Act; any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXIV. And for preventing Frauds in the Receipt of Life Annuities, be it further enacted, That before any Half-yearly Payment of any Life Annuity shall be receivable at the Bank of England (except in Cases hereafter specially provided for), there shall be produced to the proper Officer of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, a Certificate that the Nominee upon whose Life such Annuity shall depend was living upon a Day to be specified in such Certificate, which Day shall be One of the Days on which a Half-yearly Payment of such Annuity shall have become due, or some Day subsequent thereto; and

Quarterly Payment on. Death of Nominee of Life Annuities.

Proviso as to deferred Annuities.

Bargains for Annuities not to be made within 14 Days after the Quarterly Day of Payment.

Before every Half-yearly Payment of Life Annuities, Certificate of Life of Nominee shall be produced.

114

C. 94.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Proviso as to Annuities on joint Lives.

Affidavit of tb* Party producing Certificate of the Life of Nominee.

such Certificate shall be under the Hand of the Minister, or in his Absence (which shall be expressed in such Certificate), under the Hands of the Churchwardens or Chapelwardens or Overseers of the Parish or Place (or any Two of them) within the United Kingdom, wherein such Nominee shall be then resident, or under the Hand of some Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of the County, Riding, City, or Town wherein such Parish or Place shall be situate; and in case any Nominee shall at any Time after his er her Nomination become resident in Parts beyond the Seas, in any of the Dominions of His Majesty, then such Certificate as aforesaid shall be under the Hands of the Governor or Person acting as Governor of the Settlement where such Nominee shall be resident; and in case such Nominee shall, after his or her Nomination, become resident in any Kingdom or State m Europe in Amity with His Majesty, or in any other Kingdom or State or Place beyond the Seas, then and in every such Case such Certificate as aforesaid shall be under the Hand of the British Minister or Consul, or Governor, or Person acting as such, who shall be resident in the City, Town, or Place where such Nominee shall be residing; and if no British Minister or Consul, or Governor, or Person acting as such, shall be resident in such City, Town, or Place, then such Certificate as aforesaid shall be under the Hand and Seal of the Chief Magistrate of such City, Town, or Place, or any other Magistrate acting at the Time as such, or for or in the Place of any such Chief Magistrate: Provided always, that in all Cases where an Annuity shall depend on the Lives of Two joint Nominees, and the Life of the longest Liver of them, who shall both be living, it shall be sufficient to produce the Certificate of the Life of either of the Nominees; and that in all Cases where any Annuity shall depend upon the joint Continuance of the Lives of Two joint Nominees, such Certificate shall state that both such Nominees are then living.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be annexed to every Certificate of the Life of any Nominee, and produced to the proper Officer, an Affidavit or solemn Affirmation made before some Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, or before such Comptroller General or Assistant Comptroller, or other Officer appointed by and acting under the said Commissioners, by the Person or Persons so entitled to such Life Annuity, or by the Person applying to receive such Annuity on Behalf of the Person or Persons so entitled; which Affidavit or Affirmation shall state that the Matters and Things contained in such Certificate are true to the best of the Deponent's Belief, and that the Person described or certified therein is the Nominee or One of the Nominees, or both the Nominees, in case the Annuity shall depend upon the joint Continuance of Two Joint Nominees, on whose Life or Lives the Annuity whereof such Half-yearly Payment shall be claimed doth? depend; and in case such Annuity mil have been grahted on the Lives of Two Nominees, and on the Life of the longest Liver of them, then in. such Affidavit or Affirmation shall also be specified, to the best of the Knowledge or Belief of the Deponent, whether the other of the Two Nominees whose Lift shall not be so certified as aforesaid.be. living or dead, and if living, the usual Place of the Residence of such Nominee, or that such Deponent is wholly

A.D. 1829.

10° GEO. IV.

Ci 24*.

Hi

ignorant whether the other Of tftich Two Norbkmed be firing or aead^ and ff Hying, the usual Place Of Abode of such Nominee, tW the Truth shall require.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That upon the Production to the proper Officer of such Certificate and Affidavit as by this Act are required, or in case any Nominee on whose Life, Whether singly or jointly with any other Nominee and the Life of the longest Liver Of them, any Annuity shall depend, or where such Annuity shall depend upon the joint Continuance of the Lives of Two joint Nominees, then in case both such Nominees shall appear personally before Such Officer, and such Officer shall be satisfied of4 the Identity of such Nominee or Nominees, it shall be lawful for such Officer, and he is hereby required, to grant to the Person producing such Certificates and Affidavits, or to the Person or Persons entitled to the Annuity depending upon the Life of the Nominee Or Nominees so appearing before such Officer, a Certificate; which Certificate, being produced to and lodged with the proper Officer of the said Governor and Company Of the Bank of England, shall be sufficient to authorize the Receipt, by or on Behalf of the Party entitled to such Annuity, of the Half-yearly Payment Of sWOh Annuity then due, and also of all such preceding Half-yearly Payments of such Annuity as may have become due and shall then remain unpaid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where upon the Death of any Single Nominee, or of the Survivor of any Two joint Nominees, or Of either of the Two joint Nominees (in Cases where any expired Annuity shall have depended upon the joint Continuance of the Lives of Two joint Nominees), any Claim shall be preferred under the Provisions of this Act for the Payment of a Sum equal to One Fourth Part of the Annuity depending wtpoB the Life or Lives, and expired by the Death of such Nominee, then and in either of such Cases the Person Or Persons preferring Ouch Claim shall produce to the proper Officer a Certificate, specifying the Day of the Death or Burial of such Nominee, together With an Affidavit ha Ftoof Of the Identity, and stating the Day of the Death of such Nominee, to be respectively granted and taken by and before such and die like Persons as are by this Act authorized and empowered to grant Certificates and to administer Affidavits in Proof of the Life of any Nominee; and upon the Production of such Certificate dnd Affidavit at any Time within Thirty Days next preceding the Fifth Day of January, Fifth Day of April, Fifth1 Day of July, or Tenth Day of October respectively in any Tear, if shall and may he lawful for such Officer, and he is hereby authorized and requited, at the next succeeding Period of making the Half-yearly Payment of any Life Annuity granted under the Provisions of this Act or of any Act or Acts heretofore in force enabling the said Commissioners to grant Life Annuities (whether such expired Annuities shall or shall not have been payable at such Half-yearly Period), to grant to the Person producing such Certificate of Death or Burial, and such Affidavit of Identity as aforesaid1, a Certificate of such Production; and upon such last-mentioned Certificate being lodged with the proper Officer of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, all Half-yearly Arrears which shall be and remain dtoe upon any and

On Production of such Certificates, Ac, a Certificate shall be granted for Payment of Annuity *

Certificates of Death of Nominees to be produced upon Claim for Payment of One Fourth Part of expired Annuities.

. 10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1823.

116

Certificate of Burials of Quakers, &c.

Certificates as to Life of Nominee shall be applicable to all Annuities held for his Life.

Personal Appearance of Nominees.

Further Annuities may be granted to Persons having purchased any former Annuity.

C. 24.

every such expired Annuity, and also the Fourth Part of every such expired Annuity, (in case such Fourth Part shall be claimed within Two Years after the Death of the Nominee, according to the Provisions of this Act,) shall be made and paid to the Person or Persons entitled thereto.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the proper Officer of the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and he is hereby authorized, empowered, and required, to receive any Extracts or Copies from the Registers of the Society of Friends commonly called Quakers, or from the Registers of any Dissenting or Roman Catholic Chapel, or other Chapel not being Parochial, as Evidence of the Death or Burial of any Nominee or Nominees; provided that such Extracts or Copies shall be duly certified under the Hand of the Registrar or Person keeping such Registers; and that such Copy, so certified, shall be accompanied by an Affidavit as to the Identity of such Nominee or Nominees, to be made and taken by and before such and the like Person and Persons as is required by this Act on the Death of any Nominee.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall happen that Two or more Annuities shall have been purchased upon the Life of the same Nominee or Nominees, and a Certificate in conformity with the Directions of this Act, in Proof of such Nominee or Nominees being living, shall have been produced to the proper Officer by or on the Behalf of the Person or Persons entitled to any One of such Annuities, it shall and may be lawful for the Proper Officer, upon the Production of such Affidavit or Affidavits, or Affirmation or Affirmations, as to the Identity of such Nominee as are required by this Act, to grant a Certificate or Certificates for the Purpose of enabling any Person or Persons entitled to any other Annuity or Annuities payable in respect of the Life of such Nominee or Nominees to receive such Annuity or Annuities, without requiring the Production of any further Certificate; and in case of the personal Appearance of any Nominee or Nominees as herein-before mentioned, the Certificate authorizing the Receipt of any Annuity shall and may be granted by the said Officer, without requiring any further Proof of such Nominee being living.

XXX. And for the Purpose of enabling further Purchases of any Annuities to be made by any Person to whom any Annuity shall have been or shall be granted under the Provisions of any Act heretofore in force enabling the said Commissioners to grant Life Annuities, or under the Provisions of this Act; Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and they art hereby authorized and empowered, to accept the Transfer of any Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities to their Account i$ the Books of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England} the Amount of which shall not be less than Twenty Pounds, or to accept and receive any Bank Annuities carrying a higher Rate of Interest than Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, or any Long Annuities, or any Sum of Money equivalent thereto, in lieu of such Three, Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, to be computed and ascertained according to the average Price of Three Pounds per

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 24. 117

Centum Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities as herein-before directed, as the Consideration for any further Life Annuity or for any further Annuity for Term of Years authorized by this Act, to be valued and ascertained according to the average Price of Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, and the Age of the Party nominated at the Time of purchasing such further Life Annuity, in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Person Annuity pur-

or Persons shall purchase any Life Annuity under the Provisions chased under of this Act, who shall stand possessed in the Books of the said any Act hereto-Bank of any Annuity depending on the Life of the said Nominee, i^Jnsiteed0 under any Act or Acts heretofore in force, enabling the said M One entire Commissioners to grant Life Annuities, the Life Annuity or An- Annuity with imities so purchased under this Act shall be added to such former any Annuity Life Annuity, and such several Life Annuities shall be deemed under

and taken to be, to all Intents and Purposes, as One entire Annuity 11118 rt* depending upon the Life of such Nominee, as though such several Annuities had been purchased under the Provisions of this Act;

and all Letters of Attorney from Time to Time in force, which shall have been granted for the Purpose of receiving such Life Annuities so purchased under any of the said Acts, shall be valid and effectual for the Purposes of this Act; any Thing in any Act or Acts, or this Act, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Right, Title, In- Immediate, de-

terest, and Benefit in and to any Life Annuity of whatsoever ferred, or re-

Kind, whether such Life Annuity shall be immediate, deferred, ^imry Ufe i jl 7 Annuities to be

or reversionary, or whether actually in the Course of Payment at transferable

the Time of such Transfer or not, which may be purchased under entire, without the Provisions of this Act, shall from Time to Time be trans- Change of No-ferable in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank minee« of England; provided that such Annuity be transferred entire, and not in Parts or Shares, and that the original Nominee or Nominees of any Annuity shall never be varied or changed, notwithstanding any Transfer of the Right or Interest therein.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Right, Title, Annuities for Interest, and Benefit in and to any Annuities for any Term of Years shall be Years, which may be purchased under the Provisions of this Act, transferable, shall from Time to Time be transferable, in Whole or in Part or

Parts, in the Books of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, during the Continuance of the Terms for which such Annuities shall be granted.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Form and Words Forms used by in Use in the Books of the said Governor and Company of the of Eng-Bank of England, under any Act or Acts heretofore in force for ActonuT" enabling the Transfer and Assignment of any Life Annuities be used under granted by the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the this Act. National Debt, under the Provisions of any such Act or Acts,

shall continue and be in force, and shall be used for the Transfer and Assignment of any Life Annuities which shall be granted under this Act; any Thing in any Act or Acts, or in this Act, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That Life Annuities and As to the Lia-Annuities for Terms of Years, purchased under the Provisions of hility of An*ui-

13 thi* "esto Taxes.

m

C. 24.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1839.

Annuities shall be Personal Estate.

If aannal Payments ave not kept up, Annuity shall be forfeited.

Transfers of Right to deferred Annuities purchased by annual Payments to be registered.

Annuities to be transferred entire, and without Change of Nominees.

Registers, Transfers, Receipts, &c. exempt from Stamp Duty.

this Act, dull not be /subject or liable to any Taxes, Charges, or Imposition* whatever, other than and except such as Dividends of Bank Annuities or Long Annuities are or may he subject and liable to; and that all such Annuities shall be deemed Personal Estate; and in all Cases where the same shall not depend upon the Life of the Person entitled thereto shall go to the Executors or Ad* ministrators of such Person, as Personal Estate, and shall not be descendible to Heirs,

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever it shall happen that any Person or Persons, having made any One or more yearly Payment or Payments for in respect of the Purchase of any deferred or reversionary Annuity under this Act, or their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall make Default in paying or continuing to make the Residue of such annual Payments, until the whole Consideration for any such Annuity shall be fully paid according to the Agreement for the same, then and in every such Case the Amount of all annual Payments which shall have heeu made previous to such Default shall be forfeited for the Benefit of the Public, and all Right and Title to any Annuity in respect thereof shall be extinguished.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That every Transfer of any Right, Title, Interst, or Benefit of, in, or to any deferred or reversionary Annuity, the Consideration of which shall be agreed and contracted for by annual Payments in Money under this Act, shall be entered and registered in such Books as the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt shall order and direct; which Entry shall be conceived in proper Words for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Parties making such Assignment or Transfer, or by their Attorney qr Attornies thereto lawfully authorized, in Writing under Hand and Seal, attested by Two or more credible Witnesses; and that the several Persons to whom such Transfers shall be made shall (if the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt or the Officer acting in their Behalf shall require them so to do) respectively underwrite his, her, or their Acceptance thereof in such Books, and that no other Method of assigning and transferring the Title to such Annuities shall be good or available in Law: Provided always, that such Annuities shall be transferred entire, and not in Parts or Shares; and that the original Nominee or Nominees (in case of Life Annuities) shall never be varied or changed, notwithstanding any Transfer of any such Right, Title, or Interest as aforesaid: Provided also, that all Persons possessed of any Right, Title, or Interest of or iu such Annuities may devise the same by Will as Personal Estate, but that no Payment shall be received from any Devisee until so much of such Will as relates to such Estate qr Interest in such Annuities be entered in such Books.

XXXVIII. And be it farther enacted, That no Stamp Duty whatever shall be paid or payable upon or in respect of any Copy of any Register of the Birth or Baptism or Burial of any Nominee or other Person; or upon or in respect of any Certificate, Affidavit, or Affirmation to be made or taken in pursuance of this Act; or any Transfer of Bank Annuities or Long Annuities, which shall be made to the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National

2 Debt

A.D. 1829.

JO0 GEO. IV.

119

Ifebt under this Act; or any Certificate or other Instrument respecting the Payment of Money for the Purchase of any Annuity under this Act; or any Transfer or Acceptance of any such An* nuity in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; or any Receipt for the Payment of any such Annuity* or any Part thereof* at the Bank of England; but that the same shall be respectively free from all Stamp Duties whatsoever; any Thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding,

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall and they are hereby required to cause to be made up to the Fifth Day of January in each and every Year an Account of all Life Annuities granted by the said Commissioners, in pursuance of any Act heretofore in force, and of all Annuities for Lives or Years, of whatsoever Kind, granted in pursuance of this Act, which shall have remained unclaimed for the Space of Three Years then next preceding; and all such Annuities so remaining unclaimed, together with the unclaimed Half-yearly Arrears thereof, and also all Annuities for Lives or Years of whatsoever Kind, which shall have expired, and all Half-yearly Arrears thereof, shall cease to be charged upon and shall not be issued or issuable out of the said Consolidated Fund, from and after the Day upon which any such Annuities for Lives or Years shall have remained so unclaimed or shall have expired: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to defeat or prejudice the Rights of any Person entitled to any such Annuity for Lives or Years to claim the Half-yearly Arrears and future Payments thereof: Provided also, that in respect of any Life Annuities such Claim shall be supported by the Production of the proper Certificates and Affidavits or Affirmations in Proof of the Life of the Nominee or Nominees upon whose Life or Lives such Life Annuity depended, or upon the personal Appearance of such Nominee or Nominees, as required by this Act; and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to reinstate the said Annuities for Lives or Years so claimed, and to charge the same from Time to Time upon the said Consolidated Fund, and also all Arrears thereof; and the said Governor and Company are hereby required, out of any Sums whatever which shall have been paid to them, and carried in their Books to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, to pay the said Annuities, and all Arrears thereof accordingly.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Certificate or Affidavit or Affirmation shall be produced to the Officer of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, which shall contain any uqtrue Statement of the Age of any Person proposed or appointed to be a Nominee, with Intent to obtain an Annuity on the Continuance of the Life of any Person under the Age of Fifteen Years, or to obtain any higher Rate or Amount of Annuity during the Life of any Nominee or Nominees than would or might be allowed under the Provisions of this Act, according to the true Age of such Nominee or Nominees, then and in every such Case all Bank Annuities or Long Annuities which may have been transferred, and all Money which may have been paid for or 6n Account of the Purchase of such Annuity, shall be forfeited to

Bank shall make up yearly Account of unclaimed Annuities.

Unclaimed and expired Annuities to cease as a Charge upon Consolidated Fund;

but not to prejudice the Claim of Parties.

Penalty on false Certificate of Age of Nominee;

Forfeiture of the Consideration Money and Annuity;

C. 2*.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

120

Treble the Payment received, and 5002.

Penalty on forging Register, Certificate, Transfers, &c. Felony, punishable by Death.

the said Commissioners, and all Right and Title to anty Annuity which would or might otherwise have been payable in respect thereof shall cease and determine; and the Person or Persons by whom or on whose Behalf such Bank Annuities or Long Annuities shall have been transferred, or such Money shall have been paid, shall forfeit to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, Treble the Amount of any and every Sum which may have been received by or on Behalf of such Person, on account or in respect of any such Annuity, and also the further Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or shall cause or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or shall knowingly or wilfully act or assist in the forging, counterfeiting, or altering, any Register or Registers of the Birth or Baptism or Death or Burial of any Person or Persons to be appointed a Nominee or Nominees under the Provisions of this Act, or any Copy or Certificate of any such Register, or the Name or Names of any Witness or Witnesses to any such Certificate, or any Affidavit or Affirmation required to be taken for any of the Purposes of this Act, or any Certificate of any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, or of any Officer acting under the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, of any such Affidavit or Affirmation having been taken before him, or any Certificate of any Governor or Person acting as such, or Minister or Consul, or Chief Magistrate of any Province, Town, or Place, or other Person authorized by this Act to grant any Certificate of the Life or Death of any Nominee; or shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or shall cause or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or shall knowingly or wilfully act or assist in the forging, counterfeiting, or altering, any Certificate or Certificates of any Officer of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, or of any Cashier or Clerk of the Bank of England, or the Name or Names of any Person or Persons in or to any Transfer of any Bank Annuities or Long Annuities, or in or to any Certificate or other Instrument for the Payment of Money for the Purchase of any Annuity under the Provisions of this Act, or in or to any Transfer or Acceptance of any such Annuity in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or in or to any Receipt or Discharge for any such Annuity, or in or to any Receipt or Discharge for any Payment or Payments due or to become due thereon, or in or to any Letter of Attorney or other Authority or Instrument to authorize or purporting to authorize the Transfer or Acceptance of any Bank Annuities or Long Annuities, or any Life Annuity, or any Annuity for Years of whatsoever Kind, under the Provisions of this Act, or authorizing or purporting to authorize the Receipt of any Life Annuity, or any Annuity for Years of whatsoever Kind, granted under this Act, or any Payment or Payments due or to become due thereon; or if any Person or Persons shall wilfully, falsely, and deceitfully personate any true and real Nominee or Nominees, or shall wilfully utter or deliver or produce, to any Person or Persons acting under the Authority of this Act, any such forged Register or Copy of Register, or any such forged Certificate, Affidavit, or Affirmation, knowing the sarpe to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or with

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 24.

121

Intent to defraud any Person or Persons whomsoever; then and in every such4 Case all and every Persons and Person so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall*suffer Death.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Penalty on reshall, for his, her, or their own Use, or the Use of any other Person ceig An-or Persons, receive any One or more Payment or Payments (other, wise than as authorized by this Act), upon or in respect of any minee> Treble Annuity granted under the Provisions of this Act, after the Death the Amount, of any single or surviving Nominee on the Continuance of whose and soot.

Life such Annuity was payable, or after the Death of either No. minee, in case the Annuity shall have been granted upon the joint Continuance of the Lives of Two joint Nominees, and after and beyond the Time on which such Annuity ought wholly to cease in consequence of the Death of such Nominee, by virtue of this Act, knowing such Nominee to be dead, and contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; every Person so offending shall forfeit to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, Treble the Amount of all Money so received, and also the further Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties Recovery and and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall be recoverable (if in- Application of curred in England) in the Name of His Majesty's Attorney Ge- Penalties-neral, on the Part of His Majesty, by Information in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster; or (if incurred in Ireland) in the Name of His Majesty's Attorney General, in the Court of Exchequer at Dublin; or (if incurred in Scotland) in the Name of His Majesty's Advocate General, in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and such Penalty and Forfeiture shall go and belong to and shall become Part of the Consolidated Fund: Provided always, that it Reward to In-shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Reduction of the formers. National Debt to cause such Reward as they shall think fit, not exceeding One Moiety of any such Penalty or Forfeiture so recovered, after deducting all Charges and Expences incurred in recovering the same, to be paid to any Person or Persons who shall appear to them to be entitled thereto, as Informer or Informers, in respect of such Penalty or Forfeiture so recovered.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, in any Perjury. Affidavit to be taken before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, or before any Officer acting under the said Commissioners, under the Provisions of this Act, shall wilfully or corruptly swear or affirm any Matter or Thing which shall be false or untrue, every such Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Laws now in force any Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all Certificates or Certificates, other Instruments whatever required for carrying this Act into in

Execution shall be in such Form and under such Regulations as the T?"n jj*" the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, or the Comptroller General or Assistant Comptroller acting under the en», &c. said Commissioners, shall from Time to Time direct and approve:

Provided always, that in all Cases whatever relating to the Purchase or Receipt of any Annuity for Lives or Years, of whatsoever

120

C. 24.

lV GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Evidence not strictly conformable may be admitted in certain Cases;

and Errors in Contracts, &c. amended *

No Fees to be taken.

Appointment of Clerks and Officers.

For defraying Expences attending the Execution of this Act.

Quorum of Commissioners.

Account to be annually laid before Parliament of Annuities transferred and of Money paid for a "unities.

soever Kind, under the Provisions of this Act, it shell be lawful for the said Commissioners, or for the Comptroller General or Assistant Comptroller acting under the said Commissioners, and they are hereby severally authorized and empowered, where any Evidence shall be produced by any Person for the Purchase or Receipt of any such Annuity* not strictly conformable to the Provisions of this Act, to admit such Evidence for the Purposes of this Act respecting the same as shall or may appear to the said Commissioners, or the said Comptroller General or Assistant Comptroller, to be satisfactory; and also to correct, rectify, and amend any Contract for any such Annuity, or Certificate or other Instrument, in Cases wherein any Mistake or accidental Error shall or may have been made in the Execution of this Act; any Thing in this Act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding *

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That no Fee whatever shall be received or taken by any Officer acting under the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt for granting any Certificate, or for any Act, Matter, or Thing to be done in pursuance of this Act.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, to appoint such Officers, Clerks, and other Persons as may be necessary for carrying this Act into Execution, and as may be approved by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, for the Time being, to order and direct to be issued and paid, out of the Fund upon which the Establishment of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt is chargeable, any Sum or Sums of Money for the Payment of Salaries to Officers and Clerks acting in the Execution of this Act, and for discharging such incidental Expences as shall necessarily attend the Execution thereof, in such Manner as the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall from Time to Time think fit and reasonable; and also to settle and appoint such Allowances as shall be proper for the Pains and Labour of the Cashier or Cashiers, or other Officer or Officers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in the Execution of this Act; which last-mentioned Allowances shall be for the Use and Benefit of the said Governor and Company, and at their Disposal only.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Three or more of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for the Time being, to execute and do all Matters and Things which the said Commissioners are required or empowered to do for the Execution of this Act.

L. And be it further enacted, That there shall be prepared, and annually laid before both Houses of Parliament, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March in every Year, if Parliament shall be then sitting, and if Parliament shall not be then sitting, then within Fourteen Days after the Commencement of the them next Session of Parliament, an Account made up by the Commissioners for

10° GUO. IV.

C. 25* l«

for tba Reaction of the National Debt, to the fifth Day of January preceding, of the Gross Amount of all Bank Annuities and Long Annuities, and any other Annuities for Terms of Years, transferred, and of all Sums of Money paid to the said Commissioners, and the Gross Amount of Annuities for lives and for Terms of Years which shall have been granted for the same, under the Provisions of this Act, within the Year ending on the Fifth Day of January as aforesaid.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall Limitation of be brought against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in Action8* pursuance or by virtue of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards; and the Defendant or Defendants General Issue, in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matters in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any De- Treble Costs, fend ant hath in other Cases to recover Costs by Law.

LH. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, Act may be altered, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in the present amended, &c. Session of Parliament. this Session*.

CAP. XXV.

An Act to provide for the better Management of the Affairs

of Greenwich Hospital.

[22d May 1829.]

WHEREAS His late Majesty King George the Third did, by Letters Patent, Letters Patent bearing Date the Sixth Day of December dated 6th Dec.

One thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, ordain, appoint, 1775#

and establish that certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, should for ever thereafter be One Body Politic and Corporate, in Deed and in Name, by the Name of "The Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich in the County of Kent" and did give sundiy Powers,

Rights, and Authorities to such Corporation; And Whereas by an Act passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for vesting certain Estates, now 16 G.s. c. 24.

held in Trust for the Benefit of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the Commissioners and Governors of the said *- Hospital incorporated by His Majesty's Letters Patent, all and every the Barony, Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements,

Tithes, and Hereditaments, and Lighthouse Duties therein mentioned, together with the Rights, Members, and Appur-

tenances, and other Property, Rights, Gifts, Duties, and other Benefits in the said Act mentioned or referred to, were settled upon and vested in the said Corporation, their Successors, and Assigns for ever: And Whereas the said Corporation hath since acquired and become possessed of other Lands, Tenements,

and Hereditaments, Goods, Effects, and Chattels, ^Rights and

124

C. 25.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Recited Act of 16 0.3. repealed; Corporation of Commissioners and Governors dissolved; and the Estates, &c. vested in the Commissioners hereinafter named.

Estates, &c. to be held by the Commissioners for the Benefit of the Hospital.

General Controul over the Hospital, and over all Appointments therein, vested in the Admiralty.

Interests: And Whereas it hath been deemed expedient that the said Corporation shall be dissolved and extinguished, and that all the Estates, Rights, and Interests heretofore vested in the said Corporation shall be for ever hereafter vested in the Commissioners hereinafter named, and their Successors, with certain Rights, Powers, and Authorities in relation thereto; and it hath also been deemed expedient that the Receipt, Payment, and Management of Naval Prize Money and Pension shall be altogether separated and removed from the said Hospital, and from the Commissioners for administering the Affairs of the said Institution, and shall be transferred to and placed under the Management of the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy: Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the said Act of the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty shall be and the same is hereby declared to be repealed; and that the Corporation of the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich in the County of Kent shall be and the same is hereby declared to be for ever dissolved and extinguished; and that immediately thereupon the Estates of the said Corporation shall vest and are hereby vested in the Commissioners hereinafter named, and their Successors (to be appointed as hereinafter mentioned), as the Commissioners of Greenwick Hospital, with the Powers, Authorities, and Duties, and for the Purposes hereinafter declared.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every the Estates and Property whatsoever which shall be by this Act vested in the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, and all Estates and Property whatsoever which may be hereafter vested in the said Commissioners as Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, shall be for ever held by the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital for the Time being, and their Successors, to and for the Use and Benefit of the said Royal Hospital, in as full and ample a Manner as the Corporation of the Commissioners and Governors of Greenwich Hospital held the same; and all Rights, Powers, and Authorities heretofore possessed or exercised, or which might have been legally exercised by the said Corporation of the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich in the County of Kent, with respect to any of the Revenues or Rights of the said Hospital, and all Rights and Remedies for enforcing the same, shall (except as the same are hereby expressly limited or taken away) be possessed, exercised, and used by the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital for the Time being, and their Successors, in the Name of The Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital," for the Benefit of the said Institution *

III. And be it enacted, That the Whole of the Affairs of the said Royal Hospital, and the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital hereby appointed, and their Successors, to be appointed as hereinafter directed, and all other the Officers and Persons appointed to the said Hospital, and to any Situations connected therewith, and to the Schools of the said Hospital, shall be under the Authority, Controul, and Direction of the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners

A.D. 1ssa

10° GEO. IV.

125

C. 25.

missioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being; and the Appointment of all Officers of the said Hos* pital, Civil and Military, (except of the Governor, Lieutenant-Governor, and Commissioners of the said Hospital, who shall be appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors,) and the Appointment of the Chaplains thereof, and of the Rectors, Vicars, and Perpetual Curates of the Livings and Chapelries belonging or which may belong to the said Hospital, and the establishing of Rules, Orders, and Regulations for the Guidance of the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, and their Successors, in the Management of the Estates and Property of the said Hospital, and the Admission of Officers, Pensioners, and Nurses into the said Hospital, and the Salaries to be paid to all such Officers and Persons respectively, shall be exercised by and vested in the Lord High Admiral, or' Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, who shall have full Power to remove from the said Hospital, and from any Situation connected therewith, any Officer or other Person as aforesaid (except the Governor, Lieutenant-Governor, and such Commissioners, Rectors, Vicars, and Curates as aforesaid,) who shall be guilty of any Misbehaviour in their said respective Situations or Offices.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy now and for the Time being, and the First Commissioner of His Majesty's Woods and Forests now and for the Time being, shall always be Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital by virtue of their respective Offices (but shall receive no Salaries as suqh Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital); and that the said Treasurer of the Navy and First Commissioner of Woods and Forests, together with Vice Admiral Sir William Johnstone Hope, Knight Grand Cross of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath9 late One of the Commissioners and Governors and Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, the Right Honourable George Lord Auckland, late One of the Commissioners and Governors and Auditor of the said Royal Hospital, and Edward Hawke Locker Esquire, late Secretary of the said Royal Hospital, shall be and they are hereby constituted and appointed the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital during His Majesty's Pleasure, and that they and their Successors, to be appointed as hereinafter is mentioned, shall be and be called "The Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital;" and the said Commissioners and their Successors shall be subject to such Rules and Regulations, and shall receive such Salaries out of the Funds of Greenwich Hospital (except as to the Treasurer of the Navy and First Commissioner of Woods and Forests, who shall not as Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital receive any Salary,) as shall be from Time to Time established and granted by the Lord High Admiral or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being.

V. And be it enacted, That when and so often as His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall at any Time hereafter be graciously pleased, by His or their Letters Patent, to appoint and nominate any Persons to be Commissioners for Greenwich Hospital, as the Successors of the Commissioners by this Act appointed by Name, or as the Successors of any Commissioners to be hereafter appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Persons

named

Commissionert

appointed.

His Majesty may appoint new Commissioners.

C. 6.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1m

6 Ann. c. 7.

Offices of Treasurer and Auditor to cease.

Officers to be selected from the Royal Navy.

Administration of Naval Prize and Pension separated from the Hospital, and transferred? to the TV#a-suiw of life Navy.

named to such Letters Patent, together with the Treasurer of the Naty for the Time being, and First Commissioner of Woods mid Forests for the Time being, shall to all Intents and Purposes be the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, and shell be immediately invested with all the Rights, Powers, and Authorities by this or any other Act given Or to be given to the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital; and all the Estates, Baronies, Lordship, Manors, Advowsons, Messuages, Granges, Farms, Lands, Tithes, Mines, Meadows, Pastures, Feedings, Woods, Underwoods, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and Lighthouse Dues and Duties whatsoever and wheresoever, with their several Rights, Royalties, Members, and Appurtenances, together with all beneficial and other Leases, Funds, Fines, Mulcts, and other Monies accruing to the said Hospital, Legacies, Gifts, Annuities, Mortgages, Bonds, Rights, and Interests, shall immediately vest in the Persons So named and appointed as Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, and their Successors, in as full and ample a Manner as the same are in this Act given to or vested in the Commissioners of Green* wkh Hospital named in this Act: Provided always, that no Person named and appointed in this Act as a Commissioner of Greenwich Hospital, being a Member of the House of Commons at the Time of the passing of this Act, and holding Office in the Said Hospital, Shall vacate his Seat by reason of such hts Appointment, or of his holding the Place or Office of Commissioner of Greenwich Hospital: Provided also, Chat the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital for the Time being shall not be deemed and taken to have or hold any new Offices or Places of Profit within the Meaning of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the Security of Her Majesty's Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant; Line.

VI. And be it enacted, That the Offices of Treasurer and Auditor Of the said Royal Hospital shall, after the passing of this Act, cease and be1 altogether discontinued, save and except as to the Accounts of the said Treasurer up to the Time of passing this Act, which the said Treasurer is hereby required to deliver and verify, and1 the Auditor of the said Royal Hospital to examine, atftfif, and certify, in the same Manner as hath been heretofore accustomed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That arf Officers who shall be hereafter appointed to any Employment iit the said Hospital, except the future Commissioners of the Said Hospital, and foe Clerk of the Works, shall he selected ^, as for as may be, from Persons who' Shall have served in His Majesty's Navy.

YI1L And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the Administration of Naval Prize Money and Pension shall be altogether separated and removed from foe said? Royal Hospital, and from the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital and their Successors; and the Percentage heretofore payable out of all Prise Money, Grants, or Bounty, Bilik, Droits, and out of other Me* tires of a Hue Nature, and the forfeited and unclaimed Shares of PWze Mofiey, and' foe Grants made by Parliament for the Payment Of Naval Out* Pensioners, shall be received by and1 payable to the Treasurer of Hfs Majesty^ Navy for the Time being, and the Payment thereof to foe Parties entftlted to foe same shaft be made

under

A.D. 1ssa

10° GEO. IV. C. 25.

127

under the Authority and Directions of the Odd Treasurer of the Nary; and all Powers, Authorities, Rights, and Duties relating to Naval Prize and Out-Pension shall be and the same are hereby separated and removed from the said Royal Hospital and the Commissioners and Officers of the said Royal Hospital, and transferred to and for ever hereafter vested in the said Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy for the Time being; and the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy shall and may enforce the rendering of Accounts by Prize Agents and other Persons, and Payment of Percentage and Balances and Shares of Prize Money, in as full and ample a Man* ner as the Corporation of Greenwich Hospital and all or any of the Officers thereof might, up to the Time of passing tills Act, have exercised the same; and ail Agents and other Persons concerned in the Receipt or Payment of Prize or Pension Money, or in the rendering any Accounts relating to the same, shall be accountable to the Treasurer of the Navy, and shall be subject to all the Pains and Penalties for Neglect or Refusal to perform any of the said Duties as they were respectively subject to for like Neglects or Refusals previously to the passing of this Act.

IX. And Whereas there are now standing in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England the following Sums belonging to the said Corporation of Greenwich Hospital;

that is to say, One million twenty-two thousand nine hundred and eighty-eight Pounds Ten Shillings Three per Centum ConsOMated Bank Annuities, standing in the name of u The Corporation being the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich One million two hundred and seventeen thousand Pounds Three per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, standing in the Name of The Corporation being the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, Kent; One thousand and ninety-three Pounds Fifteen Shilings and Four-pence New Four per Centum Bank Annuities, sfftnding in the Name of The Corporation being the Commissioners

and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich; *

and Ninety-eight thousand six hundred and eleven Pounds Twelve Shillings and Nine-pence 'Threeper Centum Reduced Bank Annakies, standkig in the Name of The Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich:99 And Whereas

it is necessary, for the better Execution of the said Acts, that the said several Sums shall be transferred into the Name of The Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital," for the Purposes of the said Institution, and to be subject to the Management and Controul of the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, and their Successors, in Manner hereinafter mentioned; but by reason of the Dissolution of the said Corporation there will be no Means of making such Transfer, or of receiving the Arrears of Dividends due or to grow* due upon the said several Sums, without the Authority of Parliament Be it enacted, That the Governor and Stock now Company of the Bank of England shall and they are hereby standing in the required, immediately upon Notice given to them of the passing JJame °^.the of this Act (by a Print of the said Act being left with the Secre- be°^sferred° tary of the said Governor and Company), to transfer, or cause to the Com^ the Accountant General, Secretary, or Deputy Secretary of the missionere. said Governor and Company to transfer, the said several Sums

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

How Stock standing in the Name of Commissioners may be sold out, and Dividends received.

Governor and Company of the Bank indemnified for making Transfers.

Powers of Attorney valid until others executed by Commissioners under new Commission.

C. 25.

now standing in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England as aforesaid into the Name of "The Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital."

X. And be it enacted, That as soon as the said several Sums shall have been so transferred into the Name of "The Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital," the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital and their Successors, or any Two or more of the said Commissioners for the Time being, of whom the Treasurer of the Navy for the Time being, or First Commissioner of Woods and Forests for the Time being, shall always be One, shall and may from Time to Time, by Power of Attorney under their Hands and Seals, sell or cause to be sold so much of such Stock, or of any other Stock hereafter to be standing in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England in the Name of the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, as the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital and their Successors shall from Time to Time deem necessary for the Purposes of the said Institution; and also that the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, and their Successors, or any Two or more of the said Commissioners for the Time being, of whom the Treasurer of the Navy for the Time being, or First Commissioner of Woods and Forests for the Time being, shall always be One, shall and may from Time to Time, by Power of Attorney executed in like Manner, receive or cause to be received, for the Use and Purposes of the said Institution, all such Dividends as are now due and in Arrear, or shall hereafter grow due upon the said Stock or Funds.

XI. And be it enacted, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, shall be and they are hereby held harmless and indemnified from and against all Claims and Demands of or by any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for or by reason or in consequence of the Transfer of the said several Sums herein-before authorized and directed to be transferred, or in any Manner respecting the same, or in consequence of any Sale or Transfer by or on Behalf of the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, of any Stock which may at any Time be standing in the Name of the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, or for or by reason or in consequence of the Payment by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England of the Dividends herein-before authorized to be received by the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital and their Successors; and the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall not be required to see to the Application of the said Stock or Produce of Stock or Dividends, nor be in any Manner responsible for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof.

XII. And be it enacted, That all or any Power or Powers of Attorney for transferring Stock or receiving Dividends, executed as aforesaid, shall continue to be good, valid, and effectual (notwithstanding the issuing of any new Commission appointing Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital), until a new Power of Attorney shall be executed for the like Purpose by the Commissioners under such new Commission, or any Two or more of them, in Manner herein-before directed.

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 25.

129

XIII. And be it enacted, That the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, shall immediately after the passing of this Act transfer or cause to be transferred the Sum of Twenty-nine thousand five hundred Pounds South Sea Stock, standing in the Name of the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich in Kent, and their Successors and Assigns; and also the Sum of Four thousand Pounds Old South Sea Annuities, standing in the Name of the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich in Kent, and their Successors and Assigns; and the Sum of Four thousand Pounds New South Sea Annuities, standing in the Name of the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich (the said several Sums being the Property of the said Corporation of Greenwich Hospital), into the Name of "The Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital."

XIV. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, or Two or more of them, (the Treasurer of the Navy for the Time being, or the First Commissioner of Woods and Forests, always being one,) shall and may execute any Power or Powers of Attorney for the Sale of South Sea Stock or Annuities, or Receipt of Dividends, in like Manner as the said Commissioners are authorized to execute Powers of Attorney with respect to Stock which shall hereafter be standing in the Names of the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

XV. And be it enacted, That all and every Person and Persons in whose Name or Names any Stock, Annuities, or other Monies shall at the Time of the passing of this Act be standing or being, (in Trust for or for the Use or Benefit of the said Royal Hospital, or the Corporation of the Commissioners and Governors of the said Hospital,) and the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Executors or Administrators of such Survivor, shall, as soon as conveniently may be, assign and transfer such Stock, Annuities, or other Monies as aforesaid, into the Name of the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, to be applied by the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, or their Successors, under the Provisions of this Act.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital shall, as soon as may be after the passing of this Act, open an Account with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in the Name of the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, and upon and from which Account all Suras for the Service and Purposes of the said Institution shall be drawn by Cheques, signed by any Two or more of the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, or their Successors; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall only be answerable or accountable to the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, and their Successors (or otherwise howsoever), for such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be paid into their Hands to the said Account, or on Account of the said Institution, and shall not, after Payment made of any Sums of Money upon any Cheque or Cheques, signed by any Two or more of the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, or their Successors, be answerable or accountable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication of any of the Monies so paid as aforesaid.

Transfer of Stock by South Sea Company into the Name of the Commissioner* of Greenwich Hospital.

Commissioners empowered to execute Powers of Attorney for Sale of South Sea Stock, &c.

Stocks standing in the Names of other Persons, in Trust for Greenwich Hospital, to be transferred to the Commissioners.

Commissioners to open an Account at the Bank of England.

C. 25.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829. 180

Commissioners may make Contracts.

Suits and Actions already depending to be continued.

Actions, &c. how to be brought in future.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, and their Successors, are hereby authorized and empowered, at such Times and for such Periods and Purposes as they may think fit, to enter into Contracts for the Supply of such Articles and Things, and Performance of such Works, as shall in their Opinion be required for the Service of the said Hospital, or in anywise relating thereto or to the Estates and Property belonging to the said Institution; and it is hereby declared, that all Contracts, Agreements, Mortgages, Bonds, and other Securities, Notices to quit, and other Notices relating to the said Royal Hospital, or the Corporation thereof, made, given, or executed, and undetermined, unsatisfied, or existing at the Time of passing this Act, shall continue to be good and valid until the same are fully satisfied and performed or determined, and the Covenants for Performance thereof shall be available by the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, and their Successors, against the Parties entering into or bound by the same, as if this Act had not been made.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That all and every the Suits, Bills, Plaints, Informations, or Actions relating to Prize or Pension, which are now depending in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, and all Proceedings in Cases of Bankruptcy and Insolvency, in which the Corporation of the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich in the County of Kent, or any Officer of the said Corporation or on Behalf of the said Corporation, or on Behalf of any other Person in his Capacity of Officer of the said Corporation, are or is a Party, shall and may be prosecuted and carried on or defended by the Treasurer of the Navy as to all Matters of Prize and Pension, and by the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital as to all other Matters relating to the said Hospital, in such and the same Manner as if this Act had not been made; and it shall not be necessary that the Name of the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, or the Name of any other Person, shall be substituted in the lieu or stead of the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich in the County of Kent, or in the lieu or stead of such Officer as aforesaid, for the Purpose of continuing or proceeding in such Suit, Plaint, or Action, or Cases of Bankruptcy and Insolvency.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Actions or Suits to be brought, commenced, or prosecuted by or on Behalf of the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, or their Successors, may be brought, commenced, or prosecuted in the Name of the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital; and upon the Trial or Hearing of any such Action or Suit it shall not be necessary to produce any Commission, Authority, Warrant, or Document, appointing, confirming, or constituting the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, or their Successors, as Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, but the general acting of the said Commissioners in their said Capacities and Offices at the Time of commencing such Suit, Action, dr Proceeding, shall be deemed sufficient Proof of the due Appointment of them respectively to the said respective Offices; and in all Indictments, Informations, Prosecutions, and other Proceedings against any Person or Persons for feloniously stealing or taking away, or unlawfully pawning, selling, or disposing of, or buying, exchanging, receiving^or embezzling, secreting, or not accounting

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 25. 131

for any Property belonging to Greenwich Hospital, or used therein, or belonging to the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, or their Successors, as Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, and in any other Proceeding to which the said Form will apply, it shall be sufficient to charge the Property as being the Property of the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital.

XX. And be it enacted, That the said, Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, and their Successors, shall and they are hereby authorized and directed, when required so to do by Warrant under the Hands of the Lord High Admiral or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, to appoint such Persons as shall be nominated by the Lord High Admiral or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, Stewards, Receivers, or Bailiffs of the said Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall, upon the passing of this Act, or at any Time hereafter, be vested in the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital and their Successors, and to invest the Persons so appointed with full Power to receive and get in the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof, and to give Receipts, Discharges, and Acquittances for the same, and to hold Courts, and to perform all Acts necessary for the managing of the said Premises; and to pay to such Stewards, Receivers, and Bailiffs such Salaries and Compensation as the Lord High Admiral or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being shall from Time to Time fix and appoint; and until any new Appointment shall be made of any such Officers as aforesaid, the Stewards, Receivers, or Bailiffs, already appointed by the Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital, shall continue to exercise their said respective Offices.

XXI. And be it enacted, That all and every the Baronies, Lordships, Manors, Advowsons, Messuages, Granges, Farms, Lands, Tithes, Mines, Meadows, Pastures, Feedings, Woods, Underwoods, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and Lighthouse Dues and Duties whatsoever and wheresoever, with their several Rights, Royalties, Members, and Appurtenances, together with all beneficial and other Leases, Funds, Fines, Mulcts, and other Monies accruing to the Hospital, Legacies, Gifts, Annuities, Mortgages, Bonds, Rights, and Interests, which at the passing of this Act belong to, or have been, and now are, under or by virtue of any Letters Patent or Act of Parliament, or otherwise howsoever, vested in or held by or in Trust for the Corporation of the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich in the County of Kent, shall respectively henceforth remain and be, and are hereby declared to remain and be, from and after the passing of this Act, and from henceforth for ever, settled upon and vested in the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital by this Act appointed, and their Successors, in as full and ample a Manner as the same were held by the Corporation of the Commissioners and Governors of Greenwich Hospital; and that all and every other Manors, Advowsons, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, Mines, Woods, Hereditaments, and Property whatsoever, which shall hereafter be purchased or received in exchange by the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, and their Successors, or by any Person or Persons for

Receivers, &c. may be appointed.

Landed Estates vested in the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital and # their Successors.

C. 25.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

132

Reserving 1000l. per Annum to Lady Newburgh.

Estates to be held as of the Manor of East Greenwich.

Tenants subject to ancient Fines and Services.

them and on their Behalf, or which shall or may hereafter be, by any Act or Means whatsoever, given, granted, conveyed, transferred, assigned, or demised, or otherwise assured or intended so to be, to or in Trust for, or for the Use or Benefit of/ or shall otherwise come to or be by any Means acquired by the said Royal Hospital or the Commissioners thereof, or to or by any other Person or Persons on Behalf of or in Trust for the said Royal Hospital, shall, from the respective Dates thereof, or other the Times respectively appointed or expressed or intended for the taking Effect thereof, respectively be, and are hereby declared to be, from thenceforth for ever respectively, settled upon and vested in and to belong to the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital and their Successors, to the Use of the said Commissioners of the said Hospital and their Successors for ever, freed and absolutely discharged of and from all Right, Title, Estate, Interest, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, which any Person or Persons whatsoever hath or have, or may or can have, in or to the said Baronies, Lordships, Manors, Advowsons, Messuages, Granges, Farms, Lands, Tithes, Mines, Meadows, Pastures, Feedings, Woods, Underwoods, Lighthouse Duties, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or in or to any Part or Parcel thereof respectively, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever or howsoever (save and except the Payment of One clear, annual Sum of One thousand Pounds, now being charged and chargeable upon certain Portions of the said Estates, formerly Part of the Estates of Charles Radcliffe Earl of Derwentwater, and payable unto and to the Use of the Widow of Anthony Janies Earl of Newburgh, for and during the Term of her natural Life).

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, and their Successors, shall hold and enjoy all and singular the said Baronies, Manors, Messuages, Lands, n Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, and the same shall for ever' hereafter be and be deemed to be held of the King's Majesty, Hia Heirs and Successors, as of His Majesty's Manor of East Greenwich in the County of Kent, by Free and Common Socage Tenure; but nevertheless the said Baronies, Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments shall be and shall be deemed to be subject to such Quit Rents, Crown Rents, and Duchy Rents issuing thereout respectively as the same are now respectively liable to.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death of every successive King or Queen of this Realm, and at all other usual and customary Times, Seasons, Occasions, and Events respectively, all such Acts and Services shall be done and performed, and all such Fines and Sums of Money shall be paid, by the "respective Tenants of the said Estates to the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, and their Successors, as by the ancient Tenures thereof respectively, or by any Contract, Law, Usage, or Custom, or otherwise howsoever, have been heretofore done, performed, and paid, or ought to be done, performed, and paid, by the said Tenants respectively for the Time being in respect of the same respectively; and for Default of Performance of such Acts and Services which heretofore have been or ought to be. done and performed, or for Default of Payment of any such Fines and Sums of Money which heretofore have been or ought to be paid as

respectively

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 25.

133

respectively aforesaid, such Forfeitures and Penalties shall accrue and become due as would have happened or accrued in case the said Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments were actually vested in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and that He and They were considered as private Persons and not in their politic Capacity; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, and their Successors, and their Appointees and Assigns, to use and take all legal Ways and Means for recovering and taking Advantage of the said Forfeitures and Penalties: Provided always, that all and every existing Lease and Leases and Demise and Demises of all and every the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tithes, Tenements, Mines, and Hereditaments of or belonging to the said Royal Hospital, or heretofore belonging to the said Corporation, shall and may be and are hereby deemed to be valid and effectual, and the Covenants therein contained available by the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, and their Successors, against the respective Lessees thereof, their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to all Intents and Purposes, in such and the same Manner as if the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital had been the actual Lessors named in the said respective Leases.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, and their Successors, from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, in such Manner as they shall deem expedient, and with the Approval and Consent of the Lord High Admiral or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, to grant, demise, and lease all and every or any of the Mines of Lead, Iron, Stone, and Coal, and other Minerals and Quarries, as well such as are already opened, as all such which shall or may hereafter be opened, found, or discovered, within, under, or upon any of the Lands or Estates so as aforesaid vested or to be vested in or belonging to the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital and their Successors, and also any Part or Parts of the same Lands and Hereditaments which may be thought expedient or proper to be let therewith for the better or more effectually working the same, unto any Person or Persons, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Twenty-one Years, to take effect in Possession, and not in Reversion or by way of future Interest, together with full and free Liberty, Licence* Power, and Authority to win and work the same Mines, and to search for and dispose of the said Metals, Coals, and other Minerals, and to do every other reasonable Act and Thing requisite and necessary for such Purposes or in relation thereto, as to the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, or their Successors, shall seem proper to be granted in any such Lease; and also from Time to Time to grant Leases of all or any of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, unto any Person or Persons, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Twenty-one Years for any such Lease, unless the same be a building or repairing Lease, and not exceeding Eighty Years for any such building or repairing Lease, and respectively to take effect in Possession only, and not in Reversion or by Way of future Interest; and so as m all such Leases there be respectively reserved and made payable, during the Continuance thereof, the best and most improved yearly Rent or Rents, Duties and Reservations respect-

K 3 ively,

Existing Leases to be valid. t

Commissioners may grant Leases.

134

C. 25.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Commissioners may purchase Lands.

Incapacitated Persons may convey Property to the Commissioners.

ively, which can be reasonably obtained for the same, without taking any Fine, Premium, or Foregift for the making thereof; and so as in every such Demise and Lease there be contained a Condition of Re-entry for Nonpayment of the Rent and Rents, Duties and Reservations thereby respectively to be reserved; and so as the respective Lessees duly execute Counterparts of their said Demises and Leases respectively, and enter into all usual and proper Covenants; and so that no Clause shall be contained in any of the said Demises, other than in the Demises or Leases of the said Mines or Minerals, whereby to give Power or Authority to any Lessee to commit Waste, or to exempt him, her, or them from Punishment for committing the same.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, and their Successors, and they are hereby empowered, for any Purpose relating to the said Hospital which shall be approved by the Lord High Admiral or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, to treat, contract, and agree for the absolute Purchase of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and the Freehold and Inheritance thereof, or any Estate or Interest therein, with any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or any Tenant or Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for any Term or Terms of Years absolute or determinable on any Life or Lives, or with any Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees for Lunatics and Idiots, or other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts respectively, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall be willing to sell the same; and upon Payment of the Purchase Money for the same respectively to the Parties or Persons respectively entitled thereto, or upon Payment thereof into the Bank of England in Manner by this Act directed (as the Case may be), the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so to be purchased as aforesaid shall Vest absolutely in the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, and their Successors, in Trust, for the Benefit of Greenwich Hospital; and from thenceforth all other Parties and Persons whomsoever shall be divested of all Right and Title, Claim or Reservation whatsoever, to such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and any Term, Right, and Interest therein, so purchased, without incurring or being subject or liable to any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain, or any other Law or Statute whatsoever; and in case of a Re-sale of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any of them, under the Provision hereinafter for that Purpose contained, to purchase and hold other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in like Manner.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for any Terra or Terms of Years absolute or determinable on any Life or Lives, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees for

Lunatic *

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 25.

135

Lunatics and Idiots, and all other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts respectively, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, or Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons under any Disability of acting for himself, herself, or themselves, and also to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Mes* suages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, which shall be thought fit or expedient to be purchased by the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital and their Successors, to treat* contract, and agree (where any Agreement shall be necessary) with the said Commissioners for the absolute Sale of the same Heredia taments to them, and also to convey, by Indenture of Bargain and Sale, or other effectual Conveyance, the Hereditaments to be so contracted or agreed to be purchased, and the Inheritance thereof in Fee Simple, unto and to the Use of the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital and their Successors; and which said Bargain and Sale shall, without any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, or other Conveyances or Assurances in the Law whatsoever, and without Inrolment, be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, not only to convey the Estate and Interest of the Person or Persons or Bodies conveying, but also to convey all Right, Estate, Interest, Use, Property, Possibility, Claim, and Demand whatsoever of their said several Cestuique Trusts, and of all Person or Persons whomsoever claiming or to claim by, from, or under him, her, or them, or under any other Persons whomsoever, or claiming or to claim in Remainder or Reversion expectant on any particular Estate, or by way of executory Devise or springing Use, or otherwise howsoever; and the same shall -be deemed and considered to bar the Dower and Dowers of any Feme Covert, and all Estates Tail, and other Estates, Possessions, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, and the Issue and Issues of any Person or Persons claiming under them, as effectually as Fines or common Recoveries, or any other Conveyance or Assurance would do, if levied or suffered or executed by the proper Parties in due Form of Law; any Law, Statute, or Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and all Bodies Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Tenants for Life, in Fee Tail General or Special, or for any Term or Terms of Years absolute or determinable on any Life or Lives, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, and all and every other Person and Persons, is and are and shall be indemnified for what he, she, or they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which there shall be any Money to be paid for any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments contracted for or purchased, which shall belong to any Body Corporate, Collegiate, or Ecclesiastical, Tenant for Life or in Tail or for Years, Trustee, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient

K 4? Speed

Application of Purchase Money, if exceeding 200J.

C. 25.

A.D. 1829.

iO° GEO. IV.

Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital; to the Intent that such Money may be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which have been or shall be purchased for the Purposes aforesaid stood and were settled and limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing' undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money, shall, by Order of the said Court, upon Application made thereto as aforesaid, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase and Settlement thereof were then actually made.

Application*of

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any

Purchase Mo- Money so to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

exceeding 200/. to P1* chased for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any

5 Body Corporate, Collegiate, or Ecclesiastical, Tenant for Life or

in Tail or for Years, Trustees, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall, be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guar* dians, Committee or Committees, in Cases of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be named by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved by the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital and their Successors; such Nomination and Approbation to be signified by Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties, in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends to arise therefrom, or the Interest thereof, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as

the

10° GEO. IV. C. 25.

137

the Case shall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain thje Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Exchequer.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when such Money so contracted and agreed to be paid as last before mentioned shall not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall belong absolutely and be paid to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased or agreed for, or hereafter to be purchased for the Purposes aforesaid, or in case of Idiotcy, Infancy, or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased or to be purchased as aforesaid, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends of Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the 'contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased or to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court of Exchequer, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases so agreed for of purchased, or hereafter from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital and their Successors, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct: Provided always, that no such Order shall be made, if it can be shewn by the said Commissioners of Greenwich

Hospital,

Application of Purchase Money if not amounting to 20U

In case of disputed Title, the Person in Possession to be deemed entitled.

Costs of Purchases may be allowed.

1S8

C. 25.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Upon Payment of the Purchase Money, Lands vested in the Commissioners.

This Act to extend to Purchases already contracted for.

Commissioners empowered to sell and convey Lands.

Hospital, or it would appear upon the Face of the Agreement for any Purchase aforesaid, that the Consideration Money for the same was intended to cover and include all contingent and other Expences relating to the said Purchase.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Payment of the Money contracted or to be contracted or agreed to be paid for the Purchase of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Estate, Right, or Interest as aforesaid, to the Party or Parties or Person or Persons respectively entitled to receive such Monies, or their Agents, or upon Payment thereof into the Bank of England for the Purpose of being disposed of in Manner hereinbefore directed, as the Case may be, all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand, in Law or in Equity, of the Party or Parties and Person and Persons respectively to whom or for whose Use or Benefit the same shall be paid into or out of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall vest in the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, and their Successors, for ever.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Powers, Provisoes, and Authorities by this Act given with respect to the Purchase of Lands hereafter to be contracted for by the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital and their Successors, shall be applicable to all Purchases already agreed to be made by the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich in the County of Kent.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital and their Successors, with the Approval and Consent of the Lord High Admiral or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, to make sale, alien, and dispose of (or to convey in Exchange for or in lieu of other Manors, Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments to be situate in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain,) all or any of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, or other Hereditaments hereby vested in them, or which shall hereafter belong to or be from Time to Time vested in the said Commissioners, with the Appurtenances, and the Inheritance thereof, in Fee Simple or otherwise, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, or any Body Politic or Corporate, either together or in Parcels, and for such Price or Prices in Money, (or for such Equivalent or Recompence in Manors, Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments,) as to the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital and their Successors shall seem reasonable, and to make and execute all Acts, Deeds, Matters, and Things requisite or necessary for completing any Sale or Exchange to and with any Person or Persons, or Body Politic and Corporate, purchasing or agreeing to purchase any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of and from the said Hospital, and the Heirs, Successors, Appointees, or Assigns of sych Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate; and also, upon any Exchange as aforesaid, to take any Sum or Sums of Money by way of Equality of Exchange, and likewise to give full, complete, and sufficient Receipts, Releases, and Discharges to all Persons so purchasing of and from or exchanging with them.

XXXV. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty-first Year

10° GEO. IV. C. 25.

139

of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for erecting Five distinct Rectories and Parishes within the Rectory and Parish of Siraonburn in the County of Northumberland, and for separating the same from the Rectory and Parish Church of Simonburn, and for providing Parish Churches, Churchyards, and Parsonage

Houses for the same, and for restraining the Commissioners and

Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich in the County of Kent fr&m presenting to the Rectory of Simonburn,

or the said new Rectories, any other Persons than Chaplains in the i Royal Navy, the Rights of Patronage and Presentation of, in,

and to the several Rectories of Simonburn, Wark, Bellingham,

Thomeyburn, FaUstone, and Greystead, in the County of North-(umberland, are vested in the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich in the County of Kent, i and their Successors for ever; Be it enacted, That from after the passing of this Act the Rights of Patronage and Presentation to the said several Rectories of Simonburn, Wark, Bellingham, Thomeyburn, FaUstone, and Greystead, and also to the Living of Alston, in the County of Cumberland, and all other Benefices which may belong to Greenwich Hospital, shall (subject to the Provisions of the said Act) and of an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable Chaplains in the Navy, presented to either of the Livings of Simon-bum, Wark, Bellingham, Thomeyburn, FaUstone, or Greystead, in the County ©/'Northumberland, to receive their Half Pay, and for other Purposes relating to the said Livings, be for ever hereafter vested in the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being.

XXXVI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to authorize or empower any Person professing the Roman Catholic Religion, being One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, in any Manner to join in the Election, Presentation, or Appointment to any of the Benefices herein-before mentioned.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever, having Power so to do, to give, devise, or bequeath any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Goods, Monies, Chattels, and Effects, to and for the Use or Benefit of Greenwich Hospital; and that the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital and their Successors shall be able and capable in Law, without Licence in Mortmain, to take, hold, receive, possess, and enjoy, to them and their Successors, for the Purposes of the said Hospital, or the Persons supported therein or therefrom, any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Rents, Tenements, Annuities, and Hereditaments, of what Nature or Kind soever, or any Estate or Interest arising or derived out of any Manors, Messuages, (Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to them and their Successors in Fee and Perpetuity, or for Life or Lives, or Term of Years, or otherwise, and to let, sell, alien, exchange, assign, and dispose of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at their Will and Pleasure, as shall be most beneficial for the said Institution.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where by this or any other Act hereafter to be made, any Matters or Things are directed

to

Patronage of

Livings vested in the Admiralty.

1 G.4. c. 106.

Roman Catholics not to be concerned in Presentation to Benefices.

Commissioners may hold without Licence in Mortmain,

Acts done by Two Commissioners valid.

no

C. 25.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Accounts to be examined and certified by the Auditors of Public Acr counts.

1 & 2 G.4.

c. 121.

Certain Property of Greenwich Hospital to be marked.

to be done by the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital or their Successors, it shall be lawful and sufficient (except as to the signing of Powers of Attorney for Sale of Stock or Receipt of Dividends, which shall be signed as herein-before mentioned,) for all such Matters and Things to be done by the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, or any Two of them; and all Conveyances to be made, or Leases to be granted by the said Commissioners, shall be good and valid, if under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them; and all Receipts required to be given shall be under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, except Receipts for Sums not exceeding Two hundred Pounds, which may be given by One Commissioner, or by the Cashier of the said Royal Hospital.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital and their Successors shall, within Thirty Days after the Thirty-first Day of December in every Year, transmit to the Auditors of Public Accounts a true and correct Statement of the whole Income and Expenditure of the said Royal Hospital for the Year preceding, and shall account before the said Auditors for all Sums of Money received and disbursed by them on Account of the said Royal Hospital, in like Manner and under the same Conditions as other Accountants of Public Money are accustomed and required to do, and, upon the said respective annual Accounts being examined and allowed by the said Auditors, and declared before the Chancellor of the Exchequer, a Certificate shall be given to the said Commissioners, in the Manner and for the Purposes prescribed by an Act passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to alter and abolish certain Forms of Proceedings in the Exchequer and Audit Office relative to Public Accountants, and for making further Provisions for the purpose of facilitating and expediting the passing of Public Accounts in Great Britain, and to render perpetual and amend an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His late Majesty, for the effectual Examination of the Accounts of certain Colonial Revenues; provided that neither thi# Act nor the Appointment of any Person to be a Commissioner of Greenwich Hospital shall render any Estate of such Commissioner, after the same shall have been sold and conveyed to or to the Use of a bona fide Purchaser, liable to the Debts or Defalcations of such Commissioner, or shall the Estate so sold be affected thereby, unless previous Notice in Writing of any such Defalcation shall have been given to the Purchaser of the Estate so sold and conveyed.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital and their Successors shall and may, and they are hereby authorized to cause the Clothes, Linen, Stores, and other Articles belonging to the said Hospital, capable of being marked, to be from Time to Time marked, stamped, or branded with an Anchor, surmounted with a Naval Crown, with Two Flags over the Crown, and the Letter G. on the one Side of such Device, and the Letter H. on the other Side thereof; and from Time to Time, in case the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital shall sell or dispose of any of the said Clothes, Linen, Stores, or other Articles, or shall allow the In-pensioners or any of them to sell or dispose of any of the said Clothes, Linen, Stores, or other Articles, then the

said

10° GEO. IV. C. 25.

Ml

said Commissioners shall and may and they are hereby authorized to obliterate or deface the said Marks, Stamps, and Brands respectively, by marking, stamping, or branding, ujpon the said Clothes, Linen, Stores, or other Articles, so sold or disposed of by the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, the aforesaid Device reversed, over and upon the said Device before marked, stamped, or branded on the said Clothes, Linen, Stores, or other Articles respectively; and if any Pensioner or other Person or Persons shall unlawfully take in pawn, buy, exchange, or receive any Clothes, Linen, Stores, or other Goods or Articles marked, stamped, or branded as aforesaid, and not previously obliterated or defaced as aforesaid, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, such Mark, Stamp, or Brand* not obliterated or defaced as aforesaid, to be considered and taken as sufficient Evidence, without further Proof, that the Clothes, Linen, Stores, Goods, and Articles so marked, stamped, or branded, and not obliterated or defaced as aforesaid, are the Property of the said Commissioners; or if any Pensioner or other Person or Persons shall cause such Mark or Stamp, Marks or Stamps, to be taken out, obliterated, or defaced, from any of the Clothes, Linen, Stores, Goods, or Articles belonging to the said Hospital, or if any Pensioner or other Person or Persons shall knowingly or unlawfully pawn, sell, or dispose of, or if any Pawnbroker or other Person or Persons shall knowingly and unlawfully take in pawn, buy, exchange, or receive any Clothes, Linen, or other Goods or Articles belonging to the said Hospital, or if any Person shall secrete, embezzle, or not duly account for any Clothes, Linen, or other Goods or Articles, whether marked or unmarked, belonging to the said Hospital or the Commissioners thereof, or used therein, such Articles having been entrusted or delivered to him or them for any Purpose whatsoever, the Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ti Pounds.

And be it enacted, That all Fines, Forfeitures, and Penal- Recovery of ties by this Act iprtposed, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, shall be Penalties, sued for and recovered under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An s G.4* c.ss. Act to facilitate summary Proceedings before Justices of the Peace and others; and of another Act passed in the Fifth Year of the, Reigtf of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the more effec- 5 G.4. c, l8. tual Recovery of Penalties before Justices and Magistrates on Conviction of Offenders, and for facilitating the Execution of Warrants by Constables; and all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, exceeding Twenty Pounds, shall be recovered by Action in some of the Courts of Record at Westminster or in Dublin, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, one Half of every such Penalty to go to the Person who shall inform or sue for the same, and the other Moiety to the Commissioners of the said Royal Hospital.

C. 26.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Repeal of 3 G.3. c. 16.

43 G.S. c. 119.

46 G.3. c. 100.

46 G.3. c. 101.

47 G.3. c 52.

51 G.3. c. 105.

54 G.3. c. 110.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for transferring the Management of Greenwich Out-Pensions, and certain Duties in Matters of Prize, to the Treasurer of the Navy.

[1st June 1829.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Administration of Greenwich Out-Pensions, and certain Duties and Authorities with respect to Naval Prize Money, should be transferred to and exercised by the Treasurer of the Navy for the Time being; and that the Laws relating to Greenwich Out-Pensions should be consolidated, and certain Acts relating to Greenwich Hospital repealed; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to empower the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, after defraying the necessary Expences thereof to provide for such Seamen, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country, who shall not be provided for within the said Hospital, and to enable them to receive such Pensions as shall be granted them by the said Commissioners or Governors, in the most easy and convenient Manner; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the same; and an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for improving the Funds of the Chest at Chatham, and for transferring the Administration of the same to Greenwich Hospital, and for ameliorating the Condition of the Pensioners on the said Funds;

and an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to empower the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, to make certain Allowances to old, infirm, or wounded or disabled Officers in the Royal Navy, and to provide a Fund for the Payment of such Allowances, and for the Increase of Pensions to disabled Seamen and Marines; and an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for improving the Funds of the Chest at Greenwich, and amending an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, relating to the said Chest; and an Act passed in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling His Majesty to grant the Palace called the King's House, with the Appurtenances, situate in Greenwich Park, in the County of Kent, to the Commissioners for the Government of the Royal Naval Asylum, and for enabling the said Commissioners to appoint a Chaplain to officiate therein; and an Act passed in the Fifty-first Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to enable Persons to bequeath Lands and Tenements to the Commissioners for the Government of the Royal Naval Asylum, and to authorize the said Commissioners to hold the same for the Benefit of the said Asylum; and for amending an Act made in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, relating to the said Asylum; and an Act passed in the Fifty-fourth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled An Act to prevent the Embezzlement of certain Property belonging to the Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, and to

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 26.

143

amend so much of an Act of the Parliament of Ireland, of the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, as relates to Payments to Out-Pensioners of the said Hospital, residing in Ireland; and an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for the Encouragement and Reward of Petty 55 g.s. c.l. Officers, Seamen, and Royal Marines for long and faithful Service, and for the Consolidation of the Chest at Greenwich with the Royal Hospital there; and an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to authorize the 55 G.s. c. 56. Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich to transfer a certain Sum in the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, now standing in the Name of the Corporation of the Chest of Greenwich, into the Name of the said Commissioners, and also to receive such Dividends as are now due upon such Annuities; and an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to grant further Powers to the 55 g.3. c. 1S3. Commissioners of Chelsea and Greenwich Hospitals with respect to the Pensions on those Establishments; and also so much of an Act passed in the Fifty-sixth Year of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling the Officers in His Majesty's Navy and their $6 G.s. c. 101. Representatives to draw for and receive their Half Pay; and for s.5. transferring the Duty of making certain Payments, from the Clerks of the Cheque at His Majesty ? Dock Yards, to the Clerks of the Treasurer of the Navy at the same Yards, as enacts that the Payment of Greenwich Pensions, thentofore made by the said Clerks of the Cheque, should thereafter be made by the Clerks of the Treasurer of the Navy; and an Act passed in the Fifty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to empower the Com- 57G.S. c.lxxvi. missioners of the Royal Naval Asylum to make use of any Part of the Accumulation of the Interest of the Monies which were

the Committee for managing the Patriotic Fund to the said sioners, for the Purposes of the said Asylum; also so much of an Act passed in the Fifty-eighth Year of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to make further Regulations respecting the Payment 58 G.s. c. 64. of Navy Prize Money, and to authorize the Governors of Greenwich Hospital to pay over certain Shares of Prize Money, due to Russian Seamen, to His Excellency the Russian Ambassador, as enacts that Bills drawn by or under the Authority of the Paymaster of Pensions at Greenwich maybe paid by any Deputy of the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, and that the Certificates on Bills drawn by the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital shall be attested by a Deputy of the said Royal Hospital only; and an Act passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the Commissioners or Governors of Green- 1 & 2 G.4. wich Hospital to continue to provide for the Payment of Out-Pen- c. 98. sioners of the said Hospital; and an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Con- e G.4. c. 26. solidation of the Royal Naval Asylum with the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent; and an Act passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to 7 G.4. c.s5. enable incapacitated Persons to convey to the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, certain Premises situate in the Parish of Greenwich, in the said County, and for other Purposes relating thereto, shall be and the same are hereby repealed: Provided that all Acts,

Matters,

C. 26.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Proviso as to Matters done previously to the passing hereof.

After 1st Jan. 1830, the Naval Sixpences to cease to be payable to Greenwich Hospital.

Administration of Greenwich Out-Pensions to be exercised by the Treasurer of the Navy.

Treasurer of the Navy to make Payment of Greenwich Out-Pensions according to His Majesty's Regulations and Scale for Pensions.

Matters, and Things done previously to the passing of this Act, in pursuance of any of the said Acts hereby repealed; shall continue to be as good, valid, binding, and effectual as if the said Acts and every of them still continued in full Force; and provided, that all Offences committed before the passing of this Act against the Provisions of any of the said Acts shall continue punishable under the said Acts as if the same were in full Force and Effect; and provided also, that the Repeal of all or any of the said hereinbefore mentioned Acts shall not revive or be construed to revive any Acts or Provisions of any Acts by the said Acts or any of. them repealed, or restore or revive any Rights, Interests, Powers, or Authorities taken away or limited by any of the Acts so repealed.

II. And be it enacted, That from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty, the Sixpences per Month, commonly called u Naval Sixpences," payable by and out of the Wages of all Seamen and other Persons that shall serve or be employed by His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or by any other Persons m any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels, for the better Support of Greenwich Hospital, and to augment the Revenues thereof, shall cease to be payable to the said Royal Hospital.

III. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the Administration of Greenwich Out-Pensions shall be exercised by the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy for the Time being; and that all Grants made by Parliament for the Payment of Green-%vich Out-Pensioners shall be payable to the Account of the Treasurer of the Navy at the Bank of England, under the Head of u General Services," in like Manner as other Monies are payable to the Account of the said Treasurer for General Services, and shall from Time to Time be drawn out of the Bank by the said Treasurer, under the like Rules and Regulations as other Monies for General Services are authorized to be drawn; and the Payment of all Greenwich Out-Pensions to the Persons entitled to the same shall be made by or under the Authority and Direction of the said Treasurer of the Navy for the Time being; and all Officers and Clerks, employed by or under the said Treasurer of the Navy in the Business of the said Out-Pensions or Prize, shall be subject to the same Rules, Orders, and Regulations as other Officers and Clerks employed under the said Treasurer of the Navy.

IV. And be it enacted, That the said Treasurer of the Navy for the Time being shall, by and out of any Funds to be provided by Parliament, or in any Way appropriated for that Purpose, pay or cause to be paid all Pensions, Remunerations, or Allowances heretofore granted, or which may hereafter be granted, to such Captains, Commanders, and Lieutenants of His Majesty's Navy as are old, infirm, wounded, or disabled, and who shall not be provided for in Greenwich Hospital, and also to Petty Officers, Seamen, and Marines, who, on account of their Length of Service and good and faithful Conduct, shall be deemed deserving thereof, and also to Petty Officers, Seamen, and Marines who have been wounded or become disabled or worn out in His Majesty's Service; and such Allowances to Captains, Commanders, and Lieutenants shall be in addition to any Half Pay receivable by such Captains, Commanders, and Lieutenants, and shall and may be received by them respectively together with and in addition to such Half Pay; and which sard Captains, Commanders, and Lieutenants, Warrant and

Petty

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 26. 1 >5

Petty Officers, Seamen, and Marines, shall be entitled to their respective Pensions from the Date and according to the Terms of any Warrant appointing them thereto by the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being: Provided always, that no such Allowance to be in future made to any Captain, Commander, or Lieutenant shall in any Case exceed a Sum which, when added to the Half Pay of such Officer, and to any Pension received by him from the Crown, shall amount to the Salary paid to Officers of similar Rank resident within the Establishment of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich in Cases where no Half Pay is received, or to the Salary and Half Pay together in Cases where Salary and Half Pay are both received; provided also, that the Treasurer of the Navy for the Time being shall, in paying such Pensions, or discontinuing the same, be guided by such Rules and Regulations and by such Scale and Proportions as are already established by any Order in Council now in Force, or as His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, shall think fit by any future Order in Council under the Royal Sign Manual to order, direct, and establish for that Purpose.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Form of Out-Treasurer of the Navy for the Time being to order and direct p*?on that the Bills for the Payment of Greenwich Out-Pensions shall varied a^the be made out in such Form as to the Treasurer of the Navy for. Treasurer of the Time being may from Time to Time appear most convenient; the Navy may and all such Bills shall be signed by such Person or Persons as from Time to the said Treasurer of the Navy for the Time being shall think - Time think fit to authorize and direct to sign the same; and that until the said Treasurer shall otherwise order, the said Bills shall be in the Form or to the Effect following: —

N° (

UAY to A County of

Greenwich Out-Pensioner. 30th June 1829.

of in the

Greenwich Out-Pensioner, upon producing the Duplicate hereof, together with a Certificate under the Hands of the Persons hereafter expressed, that to the best of their Knowledge and Belief he is the Person named in such Bill, the Sum of Pounds

Shillings Pence Sterling, being on account

of his Out-Pension, if the same shall be demanded within Six Calendar Months from the Date hereof; otherwise you are to return this Bill to the Treasurer of the Navy, at Somerset House, London, with the Words " Greenwich Out-Pensioner '' written thereon.

To the Collector of C Customs at His Majesty's | Excise at To the Clerk of the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, at Exd.

10 Geo. IV. L

(Signed) A.B.

Duly appointed by the Treasurer of the Navy to sign Out-Pension Bills.

In

146

C. 26.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

In all Cases the Certificate is to he signed as follows; viz. OutPensioners residing in England, Wales, or Ireland, by the Ministers and Churchwardens of their respective Parishes.

In Scotland, by the Minister and Two Elders, If belonging to Ships in Commission, by the Captain and Senior Lieutenant. If serving in the Ordinary, by the Captain and Senior Lieutenant of Division, This Bill is payable to Party only, unless prevented or disabled from appearing personally by bodily Infirmity, and such Disability certified in Writing by the Persons above mentioned, or by the Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary attending him; then and in such Case payable to any other Person whom the 1 Pensioner shall, by Writing under his Hand (to be indorsed upon the Duplicate and to be attested by the same Persons),

order to receive the same.

The personating or falsely assuming the Name and Character

of any Greenwich Out-Pensioner, or his Executor or Administrator, in order to receive the Pension due to such Out-Pen-< sioner, his Executor or Administrator, or procuring any other to do the same, is made Felony by Act of Parliament.

N° (

Greenwich Out-Pensioner.

30th June 1829.

&g, s. i

pAY to of in the"

County of Greenwich Out-Pensioner,

upon producing the Duplicate hereof, together with a Certificate under the Hands of the Persons hereafter expressed, that to the best of their Knowledge and Belief he is the Person named in such Bill, the Sum of Pounds

Shillings Pence Sterling, being on Account of his Out-Pension, if the same shall be demanded within Six Calendar Months from the Date hereof; otherwise you are to return this Bill to the Treasurer of the Navy at Somerset House> London, with the Words Greenwich Out-Pensioner f written thereon.

(Signed) A, B,

Duly appointed by the Treasurer of the Navy to sign Out-Pension Bills.

To the Collector of f Customs at His Majesty's \ Excise at To the Clerk of the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy at Exd.

In all Cases the Certificate is to be signed as follows; viz. OutPensioners residing in England, Wales, or Ireland, by the Ministers and Churchwardens of their respective Parishes, In Scotland, by the Minister and Two Elders, If belonging to Ships in Commission, by the Captain and Senior Lieutenant. If serving in the Ordinary, by the Captain and Senior Lieutenant of Division,

This Bill is payable to Party only, unless prevented or disabled from appearing personally by bodily Infirmity, and such

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV.

147

C. 26.

Disability certified in Writing by the Persons above mentioned, or by the Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary attending him; then and in such Case payable to any other Person whom the Pensioner shall, by Writing under his Hand (to be indorsed upon the Duplicate and to be attested by the same Persons), order to receive the same.

i The personating or falsely assuming the Name and Character

of any Greenwich Out-Pensioner, or his Executor or Adminis-

trator, in order to receive the Pension due to such Out-Pensioner, his Executor or Administrator, or procuring any other to do the same, is made Felony by Act of Parliament.

WfE the undersigned, being the Minister and of

the Parish of in the County of do hereby

certify, That we have examined Greenwich Out-

Pensioner, now residing in the aforesaid Parish; and, to the best of our Knowledge and Belief, he is the Person named in the Bill on the other Side hereof.

Dated the of

Minister.

RECEIVED the of

Collector of His Majesty's

of the Treasurer of the Navy at 1 Pounds Shillings and the Amount of Pension Money

the other Side hereof.

from

at (or Clerk

) the Sum of Pence Sterling, being remitted to me, as per Bill on

Having examined the Duplicate hereof, and inquired into the Truth of it on the Oath of of

I am satisfied he is the real Person mentioned therein.

C Collector of

I at

or

f Clerk of the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy at

N.B. — Any Officer to whom an Out-Pension Bill is presented

for Payment, not then having in Hand Public Money sufficient

to answer the same, is by Act of Parliament required to immediately indorse on the Back of the said Duplicate the Day of its being so tendered to him, and the Cause of his Refusal or Delay

to pay the same; and to appoint thereon, for the Payment of such Bill, some future Day, within the Space of Two Months at

the farthest from the Day of its being first tendered. The Duplicate, with the Indorsement thereon, is to be delivered back to the Pensioner.

In case the Pensioner, in whose Favour this Bill is drawn should die before Payment is demanded, no Advance of Money is to be made hereon to any Relative or other Person whatsoever; but the Bill is to be returned to the Treasurer of the Navy, Somerset House, with the Words Greenwich Out-Pensioner" written thereon, to whom Applications for Arrears, with the like Words Greenwich Out-Pensioner," written thereon, are to be addressed. '

L2

148

C. 26.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

In what Man-

VI. And be it further enacted, That for every such Out-Pension ner Out-Pen- Two Bills shall be made out, which said Bills shall be made in sion Bills shall Duplicate, and shall be made payable to such Out-Pensioner by wh^directe? ^e Collector of the Customs or Collector of the Excise for any County, Riding, or City within the United Kingdom, or by the Collectors of Clerk of the Treasurer of the Navy in any of His Majesty's Customs and Dock Yards respectively, near which such Pensioners shall hap-Clerkto^e Pen to res*de, according to the Appointment in such Bills; and Treasurer of the said Bills, being numbered and dated, shall be signed as the Nary in the hereinbefore is mentioned; and as soon as the said Bills shall be Dock Yards, go made out in Duplicate, and signed, the said Treasurer of the may pay Pen- Navy shall cause one of the said Bills to be transmitted forthwith sioners. to the Person nominated and specified in such Bills, and the other

of the said Bills to be transmitted forthwith to the Collector of the Customs, Collector of Excise, or Clerk of the Treasurer of the Navy in His Majesty's Dock Yard, on whom such Bill shall be so drawn as aforesaid; and the said Collector of the Customs, Collector of Excise, or Clerk of the Treasurer of the Navy at any of His Majesty's Dock Yards respectively, (if the Duplicate of such Bill shall be produced and delivered to either of them respectively, within Six Calendar Months firom the Date thereof, by the Party entitled to the Pension, to whom the said Duplicate shall have been transmitted by the said Treasurer,) are hereby required and enjoined to examine such Duplicate, together with the Certificate to be produced as aforesaid, and to inquire into the Truth thereof by the Oath of the Person producing the same,

gir such Person being a Quaker, by the solemn Affirmation of such erson,) which Oath or Affirmation they are hereby respectively authorized and required to administer, and upon being duly satisfied of the Truth of such Certificate, to testify the same on the Back of such Bill; and shall immediately pay to such Out-Pensioner, without Fee or Reward on any Pretence whatsoever, the Sum specified in such Bill, taking his Receipt for the same on the Back thereof; which Bill, so paid, shall be allowed or shall be repaid by the said Treasurer of the Navy as hereinafter mentioned, and the Amount thereof shall be allowed as Cash in the Accounts of the respective Officers of Customs and Excise paying the same; but in case the Duplicate of such Bill shall not be produced and delivered, and the Payment thereof be demanded, within Six Calendar Months from the Date thereof, or if a proper Certificate of the Person claiming such Pension be not likewise produced, then the said Collector of Customs, Collector of Excise, or Clerk of the Treasurer of the Navy, shall return such Bill to the Treasurer of the Navy at Somerset House, Londonf who shall cause such Bill to be cancelled, and from and after the cancelling of the same such Part of the said Pension shall accrue and become payable in like Manner as if the said Bill had not been made out; all which said Bills and Receipts, to be so made and given as aforesaid, shall be free and exempt from and not liable to any Duty of Stamps whatsoever, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Provision in

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That if the Event of any such Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or the Collector of clerk of the Treasurer of the Navy, to whom the Duplicate of any

of

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 26.

149

of the Bills herein-before directed to be made out shall be tendered Customs, &c. for Payment, shall not then have in his Hands Public Money sufficient to answer the same, and shall refuse or delay the imme- ney n an diate Payment thereof, such Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Treasurer of the Navy, shall immediately indorse, on the Back of the said Duplicate, the Day of its being so tendered to him, and the Cause of his Refusal or Del ay to pay the same, and shall appoint thereon, for the Payment of such Bill, some future Day within the Space of Two Months at the farthest from the Day of its having been first tendered to him as aforesaid, which Duplicate, with the Indorsement thereon, shall be immediately delivered back to the Person presenting the same; and if upon Complaint to be made to the Penalty on wil-respective Commissioners appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs or delay"»g Successors, to manage the said several Duties of Customs or Excise, or to. the Treasurer of the Navy (if the Person complained of be a Clerk of the Treasurer of the Navy), it shall appear that such Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Treasurer of the Navy, hath unnecessarily and wilfully refused or delayed the Payment of such Bill, or that such Collector of. the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Treasurer of the Navy, or any Person employed by or under any of thorn, hath directly or indirectly taken any Fee, Reward, Gratuity, Discount, or Deduction whatsoever on account of the Payment of the said Bill, it shall and may be lawful for any Threo or more of the said Commissioners, or the Treasurer of the Navy for the Time being (as the Case may be), to convict and fine any such Offender under their respective Direction in any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, to be recovered either by Action at Law in the Name of the said Treasurer, or by Stoppages out of the Salary of the Officer so convicted and fined.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Remittance Bills for Remittance Prize and Greenwich Out-Pension, paid in pursuance of this Act Bills, repaid by by the Collectors of the Customs and Collectors of Excise, shall, ^et^r^urerto as soon as the same have been transmitted to the Commissioners £eaiiow^dm° of Customs or Commissioners of Excise in London, be delivered his Accounts, under the Authority of such Commissioners of Customs and Excise respectively to the said Treasurer of the Navy for Examine ation, together with separate Lists of Prize and Pension Bills so delivered; which Lists shall be certified by the said Commissioners of Customs and Excise respectively, and contain the Names of the Persons to whom such Bills have been respectively paid, the Amount paid to each Person, and the Date of Payment; and as soon as the same shall be examined and found correct, the said Treasurer of the Navy shall report the Amount thereof to the Commissioners of the Navy, and at the same Time deliver to the said Commissioners of the Navy the said Lists so certified, and thereupon the said Treasurer shall, upon a Warrant to be issued by the said Commissioners of the Navy for that Purpose, repay the Amount of such Bill to the said Commissioners of Excise or Customs respectively; and the said Bills, so repaid and delivered, shall be allowed as complete Discharges and Acquittances for the Amount specified in such Pension and Prize Bills upon the auditr

L 3 ing

150

C. 2 6.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Pensioners changing Residence to give Notice thereof;

any Loss happening for Want of Notice to be borne by the Pensioner.

In case of bodily Infirmity duly certified, any sick Pensioner may make his Pension Bill payable to some other Person.

Assignments of Pensions void, except when made under the Acts for Relief of the Poor, or relating to Insolvent Debtors.

ing the Accounts of the said Treasurer of the Navy; provided that the Treasurer of the Navy shall not in any Case be chargeable with or accountable for any Monies arising from Shares of Prize or Percentage, or otherwise arising under this Act, which shall not have been actually received by him, or paid into his Account at the Bank of England.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every such Out-Pensioner, as herein-before mentioned, resident in Great Britain or Ireland, who shall be entitled, under the Authority of this Act, to receive Payment of his Pension by Remittance or Order as herein-before mentioned, shall, as often as he shall change his Place of Abode, give Notice thereof to the Treasurer of the Navy at Somerset House, London; and in case, for Want of any such Notice, any Loss shall happen by reason of the Remittance of the Duplicate of such Pensioner's Bill to the Place from which such Pensioner shall have removed without giving any such Notice, such Loss shall fall upon and be borne and sustained by the Pensioner so making Default in this Behalf.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case any Pensioner to whom such Duplicate of Bill shall be remitted shall be prevented or disabled from appearing personally before the Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Treasurer of the Navy, by bodily Infirmity or Sickness, and such Disability shall be certified in Writing by the Minister and Churchwardens, or Minister and Two or more Elders (as the Case may be), of the Parish where such Pensioner may happen to reside, or by the Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary attending him, then and in such Case the Sum mentioned in such Duplicate of the Bill shall be paid to any other Person to whom such Pensioner shall, by Writing under his Hand, to be indorsed upon such Duplicate and witnessed by the Person signing such Certificate, order the same to be paid; such Person, at the Time of demanding Payment thereof, producing such Duplicate of Bill, together with such Certificates respectively, as to the Identity of such Pensioner, and his Inability to appear personally as before mentioned, and giving a Receipt for the same at the Foot of such Order; which Order, and also the Receipt last mentioned, shall be respectively free from the Duty of Stamps; and such Receipts shall be as effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes as if given by such Pensioner; and if any Person authorized to give such Certificate as is herein-before mentioned shall wilfully or negligently certify falsely for or on Behalf of any Pensioner, the Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, nor less than Twenty Pounds.

XI. And be it enacted, That all Assignments, Bargains, Sales, Contracts, Agreements, or Securities whatsoever, which shall be given or made by any Commissioned Officer, Warrant Officer, Petty Officer, Seaman, or Marine, entitled to any Greenwich Out-Pension, for the Transfer of any such Pension, or to give or assign any Interest therein, or for, upon, or in respect of any such his Pension, shall be absolutely null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; except such Assignments as are or shall be authorized to be made under the Provisions of any Act or Acts

10° GEO. IV.

151

C. 26.

relating to the Relief of the Poor in England, Ireland, or Scotland, or relating to Insolvent Debtors.

XII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, in his and their Discretion, upon Applications to be hereafter made to him or them by any Person or Persons claiming Pensions on account of the Services of such Person or Persons in His Majesty's Navy, to give Pensions to such Person or Persons, under the then existing Orders in Council relating thereto, according to his or their Length of Service; and to allow, in the Apportionment of such Pension, so much of the Time as the said Person or Persons shall have served (previously to his or their entering into His Majesty's Navy) either as a Non-commissioned Officer or Private in His Majesty's Army.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, in his and their Discretion, to appoint any Seaman or Marine, being a Pensioner, and being desirous of residing Abroad, such Commutation in Gross for his said Pension, to be in lieu of all future Claim to Pension, as to the said Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, shall seem expedient; which said Sum shall be paid out of the Monies applicable to the Payment of Greenwich Out-Pensions; and such Arrangements as shall seem fit, under the Authority of the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, shall be made for the Purpose of enabling Out-Pensioners who may be permitted to reside and receive their Pension out of the United Kingdom, to receive the Amount of their Pensions Abroad, either by means of Bills to be drawn by the Treasurer of the Navy or otherwise.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which any Out-Pension, or Arrears of Out-Pension, shall not be demanded by or on Behalf of the Person to whom such Pension was granted, or, in case of his Decease, by any Person legally entitled thereto, for the Space of Six Years from the Time of the last Payment thereof, such Out-Pension and the Arrears thereof shall be and the same are hereby declared to be forfeited, unless upon Application to be made by the Person to whom such Pension was granted, or the next of Kin or Executor, or the Person legally entitled thereto, for the Restoration and Payment thereof, the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, shall, under the special Circumstances of the Case, in his or their Discretion remit such Forfeiture, and shall thereupon direct the said Treasurer of the Navy to make Payment of such Out-Pension or Arrears, notwithstanding the same shall not have been so demanded as aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Letters and Packets addressed to the Cashier of Greenwich Out-Pensions for the Time being, upon any Business or Affairs relating to Out-Pensions, and all Letters addressed to the Examiner of Prize Accounts on Affairs relating to Prize, shall be free from the Duty of Postage;

L 4* and

Army Service may be reckoned in apportioning Greenwich Out-Pensions.

Commutation of a Pension for a Sum in Gross may be allowed in certain Cases.

Payment of Out-Pensions Abroad.

Pensions, if not demanded by the Pensioner, or by his Personal Representative, within Six Years, to> be forfeited.

Letters to and from the Cashier and Examiner to be free of Postage.

C. 26.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Penalting for using Covers for any other Purpose, 100 A.

Sums, whether for Prize or Pension, not exceeding 20L may be paid without Letters of Administration.

Sums paid heretofore to Greenwich Hospital upon Prize Money, &c. shall be paid to the Treasurer of the Navy, and applied in Aid of Out-Pensions.

In case of Surplus, the same to be invested, and from Time to Time applied to future Out-Pensions.

and also that all Letters or Packets sent by the said Cashier, relating to Greenwich Out-Pensions, and by the said Examiner of Prize Accounts, relating to Prize, shall be sent free from the said Duty of Postage; and all Letters and Packets relating to Out-Pensions shall be under Cover, with the Words 11 Greenwich Out-Pensions, pursuant to Act of Parliament Tenth of George the Fourth, printed upon the same, and the said Cashier, or other Officer in the Navy Pay Office authorized to frank Letters on the Business of that Office, shall write his Name under the same; and all Letters and Packets relating to Naval Prize shall be under Cover, with the Words " Naval 'Prize, pursuant to Act of Parliament Tenth of George the Fourth," printed thereon, and the said Examiner of Prize Accounts, or other Officer in the Navy Pay Office authorized to frank Letters on the Business of the said Office, shall write his Name under the same; and if any such Cashier or Examiner of Prize Accounts, or any other Person, shall send or convey, under any of the Covers aforesaid, any Writing, Paper, or Parcel other than relating to Greenwich Out-Pensions or Naval Prize respectively, the Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered as hereinafter mentioned.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Treasurer of the Navy for the Time being to direct to be paid to any Person or Persons who shall prove him, her, or themselves to be the next of Kin or legal Representative of any deceased Pensioner or Person entitled to Prize Money, any Balance of Pension or Prize Money due to such deceased. Person, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, although such Person or Persons shall not have taken out' Letters of Administration or procured the Probate of any Will of such deceased Pensioner or other Person entitled as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act all forfeited and unclaimed Shares and Balances of Pnze Money, and a Percentage of Five Pounds in every One hundred Pounds out of the Proceeds of all Prizes, and out of all Grants to the Royal Navy and Marines, and out of all Bounty Monies, and out of alt Seizures made under the Revenue, Colonial, Navigation, and Slave Abolition Laws, and out of all Droits of Admiralty, and out of all Monies arising from Derelicts, shall continue to be paid, and shall be paid and payable to the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy for the Time being, by such Persons, and at such Times, and subject to such Penalties for Default, Delay, or Refusal, as the same have heretofore been or are now paid or payable to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital or his Deputy, by virtue of any Act or Acts now in Force relating to the said forfeited and unclaimed Shares and Percentage; which several Payments and Deductions may be by the said Treasurer of the Navy applied, under the Authority and Direction of the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, in Aid of the Sums granted for Greenwich Out-Pensions; and in the Event of there remaining any Surplus thereof, after defraying the Greenwich Out-Pensions, then the said Treasurer of the Navy shall cause such Surplus to be from Time to lime invested (under the Authority and by the Direction of the Lord

High

10° GEO. IV. C. 26.

153

High Admiral or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High -Admiral) in some of the Public Government Stocks, Funds, or Securities, in ^he Name of the Treasurer of the Navy for the Time being, and shall receive and apply the Dividends arising therefrom in Aid of the Greenwich Out-Pensions; and the said Stocks, Funds, and Securities may be from Time to Time, by the said Treasurer of the Navy, sold, under the like Authority and Direction, and the Produce thereof may be applied in further Aid of future Greenwich Out-Pensions.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Treasurer of the Navy now and for the Time being shall have and exercise all the Powers and Authorities which by any Act or Acts in Force at the Time of passing; this Act are given to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital or his Deputy, or to the Clerk of the Cheque of the said Royal Hospital, or which have been heretofore exercised by them respectively, with relation to Naval Prize Money, and to all Grants made to the Royal Navy or Marines, and to all Bounty Monies and Seizures under the Revenue, Colonial, Navigation, or Slave Abolition Laws, and to Droits of Admiralty, and to all other Monies arising from Naval Prize or Capture, and also with relation to the issuing of all Remittance Bills to Collectors of Excise and Customs, or other Persons, for the Payment of Prize Money, and as to all Accounts required of Agents and other Persons, and to all Payments made or required to be made by Agents or others, and with relation to all Matters connected with such Prize and other Monies as aforesaid, in as full and ample Manner as the said Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital or his Deputy, or other Officer as aforesaid, had or could have legally exercised the same; and all Remittance Bills for Payment of Prize Money shall be in such Form, and be signed by such Person, as the Treasurer of the Navy shall appoint.

XIX. And be it enacted, That all and every Agent and Agents and Person and Persons who, by any Act in Force at the Time of passing this Act, are required to perform any Duty with relation to Capture or Prize, shall continue liable to perform such Duty, under the same Penalties for Refusal or Neglect; which Penalties shall and may be enforced by the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy in as ample a Manner as the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital or his Deputy, or any other Person or Persons, could have enforced the same.

XX. And be it enacted, That the Rules, Orders, Provisions, and Regulations contained in any Act now in Force relating to the Payment of Prize Money, or other Monies herein-before mentioned, upon Orders made by the Parties respectively entitled thereto, shall, except as the same may be varied by this Act, continue good, valid, binding, and effectual, save and except that all Certificates heretofore signed or given, or required to be signed or given, upon or with respect to such Orders by the Clerk of the Cheque of Greenwich Hospital, shall hereafter be signed or given by the Treasurer of the Navy for the Time being, or by the Examiner of Prize Accounts at Somerset House, or by such other Person as the Treasurer of the Navy shall by Writing under his Hand appoint to sign or give such Certificates; and wherever by any Act now in Force the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital or his

Deputy

Treasurer of the Navy to exercise the Powers heretofore exercised by the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, and Clerk of the Cheque there, as to Prize Money.

Prize Agents to continue subject to the Duties imposed upon them.

Regulations as to the Payment of Prize Money upon Orders.

154

C. 26.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

The Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital to refund Sums paid in certain Cases.

Prize Agents to pay over to the Treasurer of the Navy Five per Cent, on the net Proceeds of Prizes, &c.

Deputy is required to make Payment of Prize Money and other Monies as aforesaid, upon such Orders as aforesaid, or to the Personal Representatives of Parties entitled, it shall be lawful for the Treasurer of the Navy for the Time being, and he is hereby required, to make or cause to be made such Payments, in Conformity with the Rules, Orders, Provisions, and Regulations aforesaid; and all the Duties heretofore required to be performed by the Clerk of the Cheque of Greenwich Hospital with respect to Prize Money may be performed, under the Authority of the Treasurer of the Navy for the Time being, by the Examiner of Prize Accounts, or such other Officer as the Treasurer of the Navy for the Time being shall appoint by Writing under his Hand for that Purpose; and all the Duties and Authorities heretofore exercised by the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital or his Deputy, with respect to the Payment of Prize Money or other Money as aforesaid, may be exercised by the Treasurer of the Navy, or such Officer as he shall by Writing under his Hand appoint for that Purpose; provided that all Orders already made by Persons entitled to Prize Money or other Monies in the Nature thereof, which according to the Laws in Force at the Time of passing this Act were good and valid, and payable by the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, shall continue good and valid and payable by or under the Authority of the Treasurer of the Navy for the Time being, instead of the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital.

XXI. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital shall from Time to Time repay to the Treasury of the Navy all Sums which the said Treasurer shall pay or cause to be paid to Claimants and other Persons who shall prove themselves entitled to any Prize Money or other Monies as aforesaid paid into Greenwich Hospital, and which remained due or unclaimed at the passing of this Act.

XXII. And be it enacted, That all and every Prize Agent and Prize Agents shall, from and out of the net Proceeds of all Naval Prize and Bounty Money, Head Money, Grant, and other Allowance of Money in the Nature thereof, to which the Officers or Crews of any of His Majesty's Vessels, or any Commissioned Officer, Warrant Officer, Petty Officer, Private Seaman or Marine, Supernumerary or Boy, or other Person shall be entitled, and from and out of all Bounty Monies, Piratical Seizures, and Seizures under the Revenue, Colonial, Navigation, or Slave Abolition Laws, and from and out of all Civil Salvage and Vessels Derelict, and Monies arising therefrom, and also from and out of all Naval Captures whatsoever, and from and out of all other Naval Proceeds or Produce in the Nature of Prize or Grant, to which the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, or the Corporation of Greenwich Hospital, or the Treasurer thereof, by any Act or Law or Custom whatsoever, has been heretofore entitled, retain for the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy for the Time being, for the Purposes of this Act, and shall within Ten Days next after the Account of the said Monies shall have been examined and certified by the Examiner of Naval Prize Accounts, or if there should be no such Officer, then within Ten Days from the Notification of any Distribution of the said Monies, pay into the Bank of England, to the Prize Account of the said Treasurer of the

10° GEO. IV. C. 26.

155

Navy, the Sum of Five Pounds per Centum on the net Proceeds of every such Prize, Grant, or other Monies; and every Payment so made of Percentage, and also of forfeited and unclaimed Shares and Balances of Prize Money, and the Delivery of a Notice in Writing (signed by such Agent) at the Office of the said Treasurer of the Navy in Somerset House, reporting such Payment, shall be a sufficient Discharge to the said Agent or Agents, or other Person, for the Sums so paid, against all other Person and Persons whomsoever.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That the Receiver of the Droits of Admiralty for the Time being shall, and he is hereby authorized and required, as soon after the net Proceeds arising from any such Droits shall from Time to Time have been ascertained, after the passing of this Act, and after the Expiration of the Period within which any Appeal can be lodged against any Adjudication in relation to such Droits, as the same can be done, deliver in an Account thereof to the said Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy for the Time being, or such other Person or Persons as the said Treasurer of the Navy shall by any Writing under his Hand and Seal authorize and appoint to receive the same, and shall thereupon pay into the Bank of England, to the Prize Account of the Treasurer of the Navy, Five Pounds per Centum upon the Amount of such net Proceeds, for the Purposes of this Act.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That the said Treasurer of the Navy for the Time being shall keep a separate Account at the Bank of England of all Monies received and paid by him on account of Percentage upon Prizes, Grants, Bounty Monies, Seizures, Droits, and Derelicts, and on account of forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Pri$e and other Monies in the Nature thereof; and all Drafts on the Governor and Company of the Bank of England on the said Account shall be headed " Prize Account," and shall be drawn by the Treasurer of the Navy, or the Person or Persons in his Office duly authorized by him, as any other Monies placed to the Account of the Treasurer of the Navy in the Bank of England are drawn; and such Drafts shall be sufficient Authority to the Bank to pay such Money to the Persons mentioned therein, or to the Bearer of them.

XXV. And be it enacted, That every Prize Agent, and every Person who shall be authorized and empowered to receive or distribute any Prize Money, Bounty, or Head Money, Grant, or other Allowance of Money for the Use and Benefit of the Officers and Crews of any of His Majesty's Ships, by reason of any Capture or Seizure, shall transmit or deliver to the Examiner of Prize Accounts already appointed, or to the Officer who shall be from Time to Time appointed by the Treasurer of the Navy for that Purpose, all Accounts, Copies, or Certificates, Documents, Vouchers, Receipts, and other Papers which have been heretofore transmitted or delivered to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital or his Deputy, and to the Clerk of the Cheque of the said Royal Hospital; and every Prize Agent, or other Person as aforesaid, who shall refuse or neglect to transmit or deliver to the said Examiner of Prize Accounts, or Person appointed as aforesaid, any of the Accounts, Copies, Certificates, Documents, Receipts, and other Papers at the Times at which previously to

the

Receiver of the Droits of Admiralty to pay over Five per Cent, in like Manner.

Prize Account to be kept separate from the other Accounts of the Treasurer of the Navy.

Certain Accounts to be sent to the Examiner of Prize Accounts, as they were heretofore sent to the Treasurer or Clerk of the Cheque of Greenwich Hospital.

156

C. 26.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Treasurer of the Navy to keep Office open for Claims or Prize Money.

Treasurer of the Navy to appoint Deputies for Matters of Prize, Droits, &c. in Places out of England.

Assignments, &c. of Prise Money not valid unless they express the Consideration Money.

the passing of this Act he was compellable to transmit or deliver the same to the Treasurer or Clerk of the Cheque or any other Officer of Greenwich Hospital, shall be subject for any Default, Neglect, or Refusal, to a Penalty of One hundred Pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer of the Navy shall cause to be kept open an Office during the usual Hours of Attendance on every Day in the Week (except Sunday, Christmas Day, and Good Friday,) for the Purpose of receiving Claims for Shares and Sums of Prize Money to be refunded according to the Provisions of this Act or any Act now in Force relating to the refunding of Prize Monies, and shall pay and refund, or cause to be paid and refunded, such Shares, when demanded, according to the Regulations contained in this or any other Act as aforesaid relating thereto, and according to such further Regulations as the said Treasurer of the Navy may deem it expedient to make for the due Performance of the Duties transferred to him by the Provisions of this Act.

XXVII. And, in order to prevent Delays and Losses in Matters of Prize out of England, be it enacted, That the Treasurer of the Navy for the Time being shall, by Power of Attorney under his Hand and Seal, depute, constitute, and appoint any Person and Persons whom he shall approve for that Purpose, to act as his lawful Attorney or Attornies, in all Matters relating to Prize, Percentage, Droits, or other Monies in the Nature thereof, at any Place or Places out of England; which said Deputy or Deputies shall and may do all such Acts with relation to Prize and other Monies as aforesaid, at the Place or Places at and for which he or they shall be so appointed to act, as the said Treasurer of the Navy might do with respect to such^Prize and other Monies if personally present at the Place or Places mentioned in any such Power or Powers of Attorney; and the Deputy or Deputies, or Person or Persons so appointed, shall be answerable and accountable for all Sums paid into his and their Hands on account of Prize or other Monies as aforesaid, until the same shall be by him or them paid into the Hands of the said Treasurer of the Navy, or to the Prize Account of the said Treasurer at the Bank of England, as any other Public Accountant is liable for other Public Monies received by him, and as the said Treasurer of the Navy is liable for Prize Money actually paid into his Account at the Bank of England; and the said Deputy or Deputies, or Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall immediately after the Receipt of any Prize Money, or other Monies as aforesaid, transmit the same to the Treasurer of the Navy, or cause the same to be paid to the Prize Account of the said Treasurer of the Navy at the Bank of England.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Assignment, Bargain, Sale, Order, or Contract which shall be made or given by any Warrant Officer, for or in respect of any Prize or other Money in the Hands of Prize Agents, or paid into Greenwich Hospital, or to the Treasurer of the Navy for the Time being, shall be valid unless such Assignment shall truly express the Consideration Money actually paid, by the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Assignment, Bargain, Sale, Order, or Contract is made, to the Person making and executing the same; and upon

10° GEO. IV. C. 26 *

157

every such Assignment, Bargain, Sale, Order, or Contract, the Agent or Agents for Prize and Treasurer of the Navy respectively shall only pay to the Person or Persons claiming under or by virtue thereof so much Money as shall appear to have been advanced and paid as such Consideration Money as aforesaid.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, (with the Consent and Approval of the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral,) as to all Matters relating to Greenwich Hospital except Prize, and for the Treasurer of the Navy of his own Authority in all Matters relating to Prize, and for the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital and the Treasurer of the Navy jointly in all Matters partly relating to Greenwich Hospital and partly relating to Prize, as well to continue and prosecute or defend all Actions and Suits already commenced or which may hereafter be commenced, as to compromise or compound, or refer to Arbitration and settle, all Actions, Suits, Questions, or Controversies relating to the Matters aforesaid, which shall have already been commenced or arisen, or shall hereafter be commenced or arise, relating to or touching the same.

XXX. And be it enacted, That all and every the Powers, Rights, and Authorities, which by an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to prevent the illegal pawning of Clothes and Stores belonging to Chelsea Hospital, to give further Powers to the Treasurer and Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea and Greenwich Hospitals, to punish Persons fraudulently receiving Prize Money or Pensions, and to enable the Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital to hold Lands purchased under the Will of Colonel Drowley, are given, or directed or allowed to be used, exercised, and employed, in Cases of Bankruptcy and Insolvency, by the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, with respect to all Naval Prize Money, Grants, Percentage, or other Allowances of Money or Shares thereof due or payable or given to the Commissioners and Governors of Greenwich Hospital, or due or payable or given to His Majesty's Navy or Marines, or to any Officers or Privates thereof, or other Persons entitled to share therein, or in which the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, or such Person or Persons as aforesaid, had or might thereafter have any Interest, shall and may, with respect to all such Matters and Things and Persons, and with respect to all Monies by this Act directed to be paid to the Treasurer of the Navy, be used, exercised, and employed by the said Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, now and for the Time being, or by any Person or Persons nominated and appointed by such Treasurer by Writing under his Hand and Seal for that Purpose, in as full and ample a Manner as the said Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital might or could have used, exercised, or employed the same; and all Actions and Suits hereafter to be brought, commenced, prosecuted, or defended for or on account of Prize Money or Pension Money, or other Monies payable by virtue of this Act to the Treasurer of the Navy for the Time being, or in any Way relating thereto, may be brought,

8 com-

Actions, &c. mmy be compromised in certain Cases.

Treasurer of the Navy may act in Cases of Bankruptcy and Insolvency.

Actions to be brought in the Name of the Treasurer of the Navy.

158

C. 26.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Audit of Treasurer's Account with relation to Prize.

Punishment of Personation and Forgery.

commenced, prosecuted, or defended b)' and in the Name of the Treasurer of the Navy."

XXXI. And be it enacted, That the Accounts of the said Treasurer of the Navy, of Monies received and paid under the Provisions of this Act, shall be audited and passed in the same Manner as the Accounts of the Treasurer of the Navy, for Monies received and paid by him in other Branches of the Public Naval Service, are audited and passed.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly and willingly personate or falsely assume the Name or Character, or procure any other Person to personate or falsely assume the Name or Character, of any Commissioned Officer, Warrant Officer, Petty Officer, Seaman, or Marine, or other Person entitled or supposed to be entitled to any Pension, Arrears of Pension, Prize Money, Bounty Money, Head Money, Grant, or Share or Balance of Prize, or other Monies in this Act mentioned, or to any other Allowance of Money due or payable or supposed to be due or payable for or on account or in respect of any Service performed or supposed to have been performed by any such Officer, Warrant Officer, Petty Officer, Seaman, or Marine, or other Person in any Ship or Vessel, Ships or Vessels, or on Shore or otherwise; or shall knowingly and willingly personate or falsely assume the Name or Character, or procure any other Person to personate or falsely assume the Name or Character, or act, aid, or assist in the personating or falsely assuming the Name or Character of the Executor or Administrator, Wife, Widow, next of Kin, Relation, or Creditor of any such Officer, Warrant Officer, Petty Officer, Seaman, or Marine, or other Person as aforesaid, in order to receive, or to enable any other Person to receive, any Pension, Arrears of Pension, Prize Money, Bounty Money, Head Money, Grant, or Share or Balance of any Prize or other Money as aforesaid, or any other Allowance of Money due or payable, or supposed to be due or payable, for or on account or in respect of any Service performed or supposed to have been performed by any such Officer, Warrant Officer, Petty Officer, Seaman, Marine, or other Person as aforesaid; or if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit or alter, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited or altered, or knowingly or willingly act or aid or assist in forging or counterfeiting or altering, the Name or Handwriting of any Officer, Warrant Officer, Petty Officer, Seaman, or Marine, or other Person entitled or supposed to be entitle*! to any Pension, Arrears of Pension, or Prize Money, Bounty Money, Head Money, Grant, or Share or Balance of any Prize Money, or any other Allowance of Money due or payable, or supposed to be due or payable, for or on account or in respect of any Service performed or supposed to have been performed in any Ship or Vessel, or Ships or Vessels, or on Shore, or otherwise; or the Name or Handwriting of any Officer, Under Officer, Clerk, or Person in any Way concerned in the paying, or the ordering, directing, or causing the Payment of any such Pension, Arrears of Pension, or Prize Money, Bounty Money, Head Money, Grant, or Share or Balance of Prize Money, or other Money as aforesaid, or any other Allowance of Money due or payable or supposed to be due or payable as aforesaid; or

shall

10° GEO. IV. C. 26.

159

shall falsely make, forge, counterfeit, or alter, or willingly act, aid, or assist in the false making, forging, counterfeiting, or alter* ing, any Letter of Attorney, Bill, Ticket, Order, Certificate, Voucher, Receipt, Will, or any other Power, Instrument, Warrant, Authority, Document, or Writing whatsoever, relating to or in anywise concerning the Payment of or the obtaining or claiming any such Pension, Arrears of Pension, Prize Money, Bounty Mo* ney, Head Money, Grant, or Share or Balance of Prize Money, or other Monies as aforesaid, or any other Allowance of Money due or payable or supposed to be due or payable as aforesaid, in order to receive, obtain, or claim any such Pension or Arrears of Pension, Prize Money, Bounty Money, Head Money, Grant, or Share or Balance of Prize Money, or other Money as aforesaid, or any other Allowance of Money due or payable or supposed to be due or payable as aforesaid; or shall utter or publish as true, or knowingly and willingly act, aid, or assist in uttering or publishing as true, any falsely made or forged or counterfeited or altered Letter of Attorney, Bill, Ticket, Order, Certificate, Voucher, Receipt, Will, or any other Power, Instrument, Warrant, Authority, Document, or Writing whatsoever, with Intention to receive, obtain, or claim, or to enable any other Person to receive, obtain, or claim, from any Person whatsoever authorized or sup* posed to be authorized to pay the same, the Payment of any such Pension, Arrears of Pension, or Prize Money, Bounty Money, Head Money, Grant, or Share or Balance of Prize Money, or other Money as aforesaid, or any other Allowance of Money due or payable or supposed to be due or payable as aforesaid; or shall knowingly take a false Oath in order to obtain Letters of Administration, or the Probate of any Will, in order to receive, obtain, or claim, or to enable any other Person to receive, obtain, or claim, any Pension, Arrears of Pension, Prize Money, Bounty Money, Head Money, Grant, or Share or Balance of Prize Money, or other Money as aforesaid, or any other Allowance of Money due or payable, or supposed to be due or payable, for or on account or in respect of the Service of any Officer, Warrant Officer, Petty Officer, Seaman, Marine, or other Person, performed or supposed to have been performed in any Ship or Vessel, or Ships or Vessels, or on Shore or otherwise; or shall demand or receive any Pension, Arrears of Pension, Prize Money, Bounty Money, Head Money, Grant, or Share or Balance of Prize Money, or other Money as aforesaid, or any other Allowance of Money, due or payable or supposed to be due or payable as aforesaid, upon Letters of Administration or a Probate of a Will, knowing the Will on which such Probate shall have been obtained to be false, forged, or counterfeited, or knowing such Letters of Administration or the Probate of such Will as last aforesaid to have been obtained by means of any such false Oath as aforesaid, with Intention to defraud any Person or Persons whatsoever, or any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever; all and every such Person and Persons so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall be transported beyond the Seas for Life, or for any Term not less than Seven Years, as the Court before whom such Person or Persons shall be convicted shall adjudge; and it shall be sufficient

160

C. 26, 27.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

How Penalties shall be recovered.

3 G.4. c. 2S. 5 G.4. c. 18.

Persons taking false Oaths guilty of Perjury.

Act may be altered.

to charge, in any Indictment for any of the Offences aforesaid, that the Offence was committed with Intent to defraud our Sovereign Lord the King.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That all Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties by this Act imposed, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, shall be sued for and recovered under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate summary Proceedings before Justices of the Peace and others; and of another Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the more effectual Recovery of Penalties before Justices and Magistrates, on Conviction of Offenders; and for facilitating the Execution of Warrants by Constables; and all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, exceeding Twenty Pounds, shall be recovered by Action in some of the Courts of Record at Westminster or in Dublin, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, One Half of every such Penalty to go to the Person who shall inform or sue for the same, and the other Moiety to the Treasurer of the Navy, in Aid of the said Greenwich Out-Pensioners; and any Person or Persons whatsoever who, upon Examination upon Oath or Affirmation before any Person or Persons who shall be by this Act authorized to administer any Oath or Affirmation touching any Matters or Things whatsoever which are by this Act directed to be enquired into upon Oath or Affirmation, shall wilfully and corruptly swear or affirm any Thing which shall be false or untrue, every such Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be guilty of Perjury, and shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as any Person convicted of wilful and corrupt Pexjury is by any Law or Statute now in Force subject and liable to.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, ^That this Act may be amended, altered, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament,

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to amend the several Acts for regulating the Reduction of the National Debt.

[1st June 1829.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to amend the Acts for regulating the Reduction of the National Debt, it is amongst other Things enacted, that until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, unless other Provisions shall in the mean Time be made by Parliament, there shall be set apart and issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of -Great Britain and Ireland, to be placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, to be by them applied towards the Reduction of the National Debt, such Sum of Money as (together with the Interest on all Capital Stock whatever which on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight was standing in the Names of the said Commissioners, either on account of the Sinking Fund, or on account of Stock transferred to them for the Purchase of Life Annuities,) shall not exceed

A.D. 1829.

I(T GEO. IV. C. 27.

161

the Sum of Three Millions; and such Sum is directed by the said Act to be issued, by Four equal Quarterly Payments in each Year: And Whereas it has been resolved by the Commons House of Parliament, that in lieu of the Sum of Three Millions so directed by the said recited Act to be issued towards the Reduction of the National Debt, there shall be issued, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of the said Consolidated Fund, to the said Commissioners, to be by them applied towards the Reduction of the National Debt, such annual Sum as shall appear to be the actual Surplus Revenue of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland beyond the actual annual Expenditure thereof; Be it therefore enacted by the King's, most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for the ascertaining the actual annual Amount of such Surplus Revenue, the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall, within Thirty Days next after the passing of this Act, with respect to the Quarter of the Year ending on the Fifth Day of April, and within Thirty Days next after the Fifth Day of July and the Tenth Day of October, in this present Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, and within Thirty Days after the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October, in each and every subsequent Year after the passing of this Act, cause an annual Account to be prepared, showing the actual Receipt and Expenditure of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in the Four Quarters, for the Whole of the Year immediately preceding such several Quarterly Days respectively, according to the actual Receipt and Issue of Monies at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer; and the One Fourth Part of the Sum which by every such annual Account shall appear to be the Amount of the whole actual annual Surplus Revenue, beyond the Expenditure of the said United Kingdom for such Year, shall be the Sum which shall be issued out of the said Consolidated Fund to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, to be by them applied towards the Reduction of the National Debt during the Quarter of the Year then next immediately ensuing the Quarter within which such annual Account shall be made up as aforesaid; and the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall certify the Amount of the Actual annual Surplus Revenue of every such Year respectively to the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; and such last-mentioned Commissioners shall thereupon publish from Time to Time, in the London Gazette, the Sum which under the Provisions of this Act will be so applicable in such ensuing Quarter of the Year towards the Reduction of the National Debt of the said United Kingdom.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the several Sums of Money directed to be paid into the said Exchequer on the Fifteenth Day of April and on the Fifteenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present

Treasury shall every Quarter make up Accounts of the annual Revenue for the Four preceding Quarters, and One Fourth of the annual Surplus Revenue shall be issued to Commissioners for Reduction of the National Debt.

Sums paid into the Exchequer under 4 G.4. c. 22. not to be included in the first annual Account.

162

C. 27.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

One Fourth Part of the Surplus Revenue of the preceding Year shall be issued for the Reduction of the National Debt for the Quarter then next ensuing.

All Stock and Annuities for Years, standing in the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt on the 5th July 1829> shall be cancelled, and the Dividends cease to be issued;

Majesty, intituled An Act to confirm an Agreement entered into by the Trustees under an Act of the last Session of Parliament y%for apportioning the Burthen occasioned by the Military and Naval Pensions and Civil Superannuations, voith the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall not be deemed nor taken for the Purposes of this Act as Part of the Revenue of the United Kingdom, nor be included as such in the first annual Account directed to be prepared under the Provisions of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That One Fourth Part of the Sum which from Time to Time shall appear by every such annual Account respectively to be the actual Surplus Revenue of the Year immediately preceding, beyond the Expenditure of the United Kingdom, shall be charged and the same is hereby made chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, and shall be issued and paid in and for the Quarter of the Year then next ensuing the Quarter of the Year within which such annual Account respectively is herein-before directed to be made up, either into the Bank of England or into the Bank of Ireland, to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, as the said Commissioners shall direct, to be by them applied towards the Redemption of the National Debt of the United Kingdom, in such Proportions, and at such Time and Times in each and every Quarter in every future Year, as the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt shall require, according to the Provisions and Directions of any Act or Acts in Force respecting Sums issued from the said Exchequer towards the Reduction of the said National Debt.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Capital Stock whatever, (save and except such Capital Stock standing in the Names of the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, as by an Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for further regulating the Reduction of the National Debt, is directed to be carried to " The Account of Donations and Bequests towards reducing the National Debt, 11) and all Annuities for any Term or Terms of Years, which on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine shall stand or be placed in the Names of the said Commissioners in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of the Governor apd Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, or of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland^ either on the Account of the Fund commonly called "The Sinking Fund," or which shall have been transferred to the said Commissioners for the Purchase of Life Annuities, shall be cancelled in the Books of the said Banks and South Sea Company respectively; and the Interest or Dividend on all such Capital Stocx and Annuities, which would have been payable upon or after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, shall cease to be issued out of or to be charged upon the Consolidated Fund; and no such Interest or Dividend, or Annuities for any Term or Terms of Years shall be chargeable or be charged upon or issued out of the said Consolidated Fund on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, or on any subsequent Day or Time whatever.

10° GEO. IV. C. 27.

163

V. And be it further enacted, That all Stock, and all Annuities for any Term or Terms of Years, which at any Time after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine shall be purchased by the said Commissioners with the Monies issued to them from Time to Time under the Provisions of this Act, shall in like Manner be cancelled; and all Interest or Dividends thereon respectively shall cease to be charged upon or to be issued out of the said Consolidated Fund from and after the Day upon which any such Capital Stock or Annuities respectively shall be transferred to and placed in the Names of the said Commissioners in the Books of the said Banks and South Sea Company respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time, if they shall deem it expedient so to do, and under such Regulations as the said Commissioners shall direct, to apply and employ any Part or Parts of the Sums of Money which shall be placed to their Account in pursuance of this Act, either in the Purchase of Exchequer Bills held by any Person or Persons, or by any Body Politic or Corporate whatever, or in the paying off Exchequer Bills* or in the lending and advancing of Money upon the Credit of any Exchequer Bill or Bills which shall or may be made out in pursuance of an Act of the Fifty-seventh Year of His late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to make further ^Provision for the Adjustment of the Accounts of the Consolidated Fund of the

United Kingdom, and for making good any occasional Deficiency <which may arise in the said Fund in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, and to direct the Application of the Monies by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; or in the lending and advancing of Money upon the Credit of any other Exchequer Bills which are or shall be made out under any Act or Acts now or from Time to Time in Force; any Tiling in any Act or Acts to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt shall cause all Exchequer Bills whatever, which shall be so purchased, or upon which any Sum or Bums of Money shall be so advanced by them or on their Account under the Provisions of this Act, to be delivered to the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills, to be cancelled within Seven Days next after the Expiration of the Quarter in which such Purchase or Advance shall be made; and the said Paymasters are hereby required, upon the delivering thereof, to cancel all such Exchequer Bills accordingly.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt shall from Time to Time apply all such respective annual Sums as shall by virtue of this Act be issued or granted, and placed to their Account in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Banks of England and Ireland respectively, either in the Whole or in Part, in the Purchase of such redeemable Public Annuities, or Annuities for any Term or Terms of Years, or in the Purchase of Exchequer Bills, or in the paying off Exchequer Bills, or in the advancing of such annual Sums upon the Credit of any Exchequer Bills here-

M 2 inbefore

and all Stock, See. transferred after 5th July 1829, shall be cancelled from the Day of Transfer.

Commissioners may purchase an^Exchequer Bills, or advance Money on Deficiency Bills, under 57 G.S. c. 48.

Such Exchequer Bills shall be cancelled within Seven Days after each Quarter.

Commissioners shall apply all Sums issued to them in Reduction^of the National Debt.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Powers of former Acts extended to this Act.

Act may be altered this Session.

Secretary at War to issue the Money required for the Pay of the Regular Militia.

inbefore mentioned, as the said Commissioners may from Time to Time judge most expedient; and that the several Directions, Provisions, and Regulations contained in any Act or Acts in Force at the Time of the passing of this Act, with respect to any Monies applicable by the said Commissioners to the Reduction of the National Debt, shall be valid and effectual with respect to any Monies issued to them or placed to their Account by virtue of this Act, and shall be applied in the Execution of this Act, except only so far as the same are repealed or altered by this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered, or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund and the Surplus of Ways and Means to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine.

[1st June 1829.]

44 There shall be applied, for the Service of 1829, 10, 700,000l. " from the Consolidated Fund, and 506, 212/. 2s. 8id. from Surpluses of Ways and Means.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; and to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Serjeant Majors of the Militia, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty.

[1st June 1829.]

WHEREAS it is necessary that Provision should be made for defraying the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expences of the Regular Militia, and of the

Miners of Cornwall and Devon, when disembodied, in Great Britain Bund Ireland; and also for making Allowances of Reduced Pay in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers and Surgeons Mates of the Regular Militia, and of the Miners of Devon and Cornwall, in Great Britain, while disembodied; and also an Allowance to Adjutants, Paymasters, Surgeons, Quartermasters, and Serjeant Majors of the Regular Militia, who have been or may be reduced, and to Adjutants, Surgeons, and Quartermasters after long Service Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That die Secretary at War for the Time being may and shall, and he is hereby authorized, empowered, and required to cause to be issued and paid the whole Sum required for the Regular Militia of Great Britain and Ireland (when disembodied), in the Manner and for the severaf Uses hereinafter mentioned (that is to say), for the

Pay

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 29.

Pay of the said Regular Militia at the Rates following; (that is to say,)

For each Adjutant, Eight Shillings per Diem:

For each Serjeant Major, having been Serjeant Major of a Provisional Battalion of Militia, Two Shillings and Sixpence per Diem:

For each Serjeant Major, where One is appointed in Corps consisting of Two or more Companies, One Shilling and Ten-pence per Diem:

For each Serjeant, having been a Colour Serjeant in One of the Provisional Battalions of Militia, Two Shillings per Diem:

For each Serjeant doing the Duty of Quartermaster Serjeant, One Shilling and Ten-pence per Diem:

For each Serjeant, One Shilling and Sixpence pier Diem:

For each Drum Major, where One is appointed in Corps consisting of Eight or more Companies, One Shilling and Sixpence per Diem:

For each Drummer, One Shilling per Diem:

Provided always, that when any Serjeant or Drummer shall be absent on Furlough or Licence, such Serjeant or Drummer shall during such Absence receive Sixpence per Diem less than the above-mentioned Rates respectively:

And also for the Clothing of the Regular Militia (when disembodied), in Cases in which full Clothing shall be provided by the Colonel or Commandant, at the Rate of Five Pounds Twelve Shillings and One Penny for each Serjeant Major and Serjeant doing the Duty of Quartermaster Serjeant; Three Pounds for each Serjeant; Two Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Seven-pence for each Drum Major and Drummer; and One Pound Seventeen Shillings for each Private Man; and so in proportion, in the Cases in which only Part of the Clothing shall be provided by the Colonel or Commandant, together with the actual Expence of Package and Carriage, and such Charges for altering and fitting the Clothing as shall have been notified by the Secretary at War; and that such Serjeant Majors, Serjeants acting as Quartermaster Serjeants, Drum Majors, Serjeants, and Drummers, as are now serving on the Disembodied Staff, and shall be resident at Head Quarters, shall be clothed once in Two Years; and that such as shall, after the passing of this Act, be appointed to serve on the Disembodied Staff, shall be clothed once in Four Years:

And also at the Rate of One Penny per Month for each Private Man and Drummer or Fifer, for defraying the contingent Expences of each Regiment, Battalion, or Corps.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Adjutant, Non-commissioned Officer, and Drummer on the Staff of the Regular Militia, when disembodied, shall be constantly resident within the City, Town, or Place where the Arms of the Corps to which they belong are kept, or within such reasonable Distance of the Depot as shall be sanctioned by the Secretary at War: Provided always, that every such Adjutant, Non-commissioned Officer, and Drummer shall forfeit his Pay for any Period during which he shall be absent, except when absent by Leave from the Colonel or Com-

M 3 mandant

165

Rates of Pay.

Rates of Pay when absent on Furlough.

Clothing.

Contingent

Fund.

Adjutant, &c. to reside where the Arms of the Corps are kept-

166

C. 29.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Adjutant to have Charge of the Arms and Clothing; and to issue the Mone j for contingent Expences, on an Order signed by the Colonel.

Balance to form a Stock Purse.

In Absence of the Adjutant, the Serjeants, &c. to be under the Command of the Serjeant Major.

Militia, when called out for Training or Exercise, entitled to Pay.

Allowances to Subalterns and Surgeons Mates and Assistant Surgeons.

mandant of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps; which Leave shall not extend beyond Three Calendar Months in One Year, nor to a greater Proportion than One Third of the Non-commissioned Officers and Drummers at the same Time, except in case of certified Sickness.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Adjutant of each Regiment of Militia shall have the Charge and Care of the Arms, Accoutrements, Great Coats, Clothing, Necessaries, and other Stores under the Superintendence of the Colonel or Commandant; and shall, out of the Allowance of One Penny per Month for each Private Man and Drummer, directed by this Act to be issued and paid for defraying the contingent Expences of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, from Time to Time issue and pay such Sums of Money as may be necessary for the Repair of Arms, and other usual contingent Expences, upon an Order in Writing signed by the Colonel or other Commandant; and after Payment of such Sums as aforesaid, he shall Three Times in the Year make up Accounts of all such Money, and of the Expenditure thereof, showing the Balances remaining in his Hands, (which said Balance shall form a Stock Purse for the Use of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps,) and shall transmit the same to the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, to be by him examined, allowed, and signed; and the said Accounts so allowed and signed shall be and are hereby directed to be the proper Vouchers and Acquittal of such Adjutant for the Application and Disposal of such Money.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in the occasional and unavoidable Absence of the Adjutant from the City, Town, or Place where the Arms of any Corps of Militia when disembodied are kept, or during any Vacancy in the Appointment of Adjutant, the Serjeants and Drummers shall be under the Command of the Serjeant Major, or of some Serjeant who shall be appointed by the said Adjutant, with the Approbation of the Colonel or other Commanding Officer, to act as Serjeant Major during the Absence of such Adjutant; and the said Serjeant Major or acting Serjeant Major shall render the same Returns, and perform such other Acts as are by Law required from the Adjutant.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Officers and Noncommissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men of the Regular Militia shall, for the Period or Periods during which they shall be called out for the Purpose of annual Exercise or Training, be entitled to the same Pay and Allowances as the Officers, Noncommissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men of the Militia when embodied.

VI. And Whereas it is expedient to grant Allowances to certain Officers of the said Militia Forces of Great Britain and Ireland, while disembodied, under certain Regulations; v Be it further enacted, That the following Allowances shall be made and paid to the Amount, under the Restrictions, and in the Manner hereinafter expressed, to every Subaltern Officer and Surgeon's Mate in Great Britain, and to every Subaltern Officer and Assistant Surgeon in Ireland, who held a Commission in the Militia of Great Britain or Ireland, and was serving therein when the Corps was disembodied, and also to every ^pernumerary Subaltern

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 29.

167

Officer and Assistant Surgeon of any Regiment of Militia In Ireland, which was augmented during the War, and which has been reduced to its original Establishment; (that is to say,)

To a Lieutenant, Two Shillings and Sixpence per Diem:

To an Ensign, Two Shillings per Diem:

And to a Surgeon's Mate or Assistant Surgeon, Two Shillings and Sixpence per Diem:

Provided always, that all Officers of the Militia serving with the Rank of Captain-Lieutenants shall be deemed to be Lieutenants, and all Officers serving with the Rank of Second Lieutenant shall be deemed to be Ensigns, for the Purposes of this Act; and provided always, that such Allowances shall not be received for the Days during which the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which such Officers belong is assembled for Training and Exercise.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person who is or shall during the Continuance of this Act become possessed of such an Estate or Income as would by Law qualify him to hold the Commission of Captain of a Company in the said Militia, or who is or shall be appointed Adjutant in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, nor any Officer on Full Pay of the Navy, Army, or Marines, shall have or be in any Way entitled to the said Allowances, or any Part or Share thereof; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers, Surgeon's Mate, and Assistant Surgeons of the Militia, who shall claim under the Authority of this Act to receive any Part of the said Allowances, shall, previous to receiving the same, and in order to entitle themselves thereto, take and subscribe an Oath before some One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in the United Kingdom, or before some One of His Majesty's Ministers, Secretaries of Embassy, of Legation, or Consuls Abroad, in the Words or to the Effect following; (videlicet,)

Exceptions.

Oath to be taken to entitle to such Allowances.

I A.B. do swear, That I belonged to the of Form of

A Militia when the same was disembodied, and that I have Oath.

continued to serve therein from that Time until the Day of inclusive, as a [Lieutenant,

Ensign, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon, as the Case may be]; and that I was not in my own Right or in the Right of my Wife, during any Part of the Period for which I now claim to receive my Allowance, that is to say, from the Day of to the Day of

both inclusive, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of such an annual Value above Reprizes as would qualify me to hold a Commission of Captain of a Company in the Militia; that I was not in Holy Orders; that I have not during the above Period held the Appointment of Adjutant, Surgeon,

Paymaster, or Quartermaster in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia; that I did not hold or enjoy, nor did any Person for me hold or enjoy, during the said Period, any Place,

Office, or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under the

A.D. 1829.

Allowances to Officers reduced in 1829.

Paymasters.

Surgeons.

Crown or any other Government, besides the Allowance of

a Day now claimed, except my Half Pay as a

[of the Army or Navy or Marines, or of a

Provisional Battalion formed from the Militia, as the Case may

he^ and any Pay and Allowances from the

to the both Days inclusive, during which Period

the Corps was assembled for Training and Exercise.

'So help me GOD.

Which Oath, so taken and subscribed, shall be produced to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, or to the Officer paying the Staff of the Regiment (as the Case may be), by the Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon claiming the Allowance.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the following Allowances shall be made and paid to the Amount, under the Restrictions, and in the Manner hereafter expressed, to certain Paymasters, Surgeons, and Quartermasters of the Militia of Great Britain and Ireland ', on their being reduced in pursuance of an Act passed in this present Session; that is to say,

To every Paymaster who at the Time of the last disembodying of his Corps held the Commission of Paymaster, and had served up to that Time uninterruptedly with such Commission, or with the Appointment of Quartermaster, such a Period as shall have included a Service in the Embodied Militia,

Of Ten Years or upwards, his present Disembodied Pay of Six Shillings, Five Shillings, or Four Shillings per Diem, according to the Establishment of the Corps;

Of Three Years or upwards, but under Ten Years, Five Shillings per Diem where the present Disembodied Pay is Six Shillings; Four Shillings and Sixpence per Diem where the present Disembodied Pay is Five Shillings; Three Shillings and Sixpence per Diem where the present Disembodied Pay is Four Shillings;

Of less than Three Years, Four Shillings per Diem where the present Disembodied Pay is Six Shillings; Three Shillings and Sixpence per Diem where the present Disembodied Pay is Five Shillings; Three Shillings per Diem where the present Disembodied Pay is Four Shillings per Diem:

To every Paymaster who has been appointed Paymaster since his Corps was disembodied, but who at the Time of the last disembodying thereof was serving with the Commission of Lieutenant, Two Shillings and Sixpenceper Diem;

With the Commission of Ensign, Two Shillings per Diem;

With the Rank of Serjeant, having served Ten Years in the Embodied Militia, or as a Non-commissioned Officer, Two Shillings per Diem:

To every Surgeon who at the time of the last disembodying of his Corps was serving with the Commission of Surgeon, and had served up to that Time uninterruptedly with such Commission such a Period as shall have included a Service in the Embodied Militia,

Of Ten Years or upwards, Six Shillings per Diem;

Of

169

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 29.

Of Three Years or upwards, but less than Ten Years, Five Shillings per Diem;

Of less than Three Years, Four Shillings per Diem:

To every Surgeon who has been appointed Surgeon since his Corps was disembodied, but who at the Time of the last disembodying thereof was serving with the Commission of Surgeon's Mate or Assistant Surgeon, and had served with such Commission up to that Time uninterruptedly such a Period as shall have included a Service in the Embodied Militia,

Of Ten Years or upwards, Five Shillings per Diem;

Of Three Years or upwards, but less than Ten Years, Four Shillings per Diem;

Of less than Three Years, Three Shillings and Sixpence per Diem:

To every Quartermaster who at the Time of the last disembodying of his Corps was serving with the Appointment of Quartermaster, and had served up to that Time uninterruptedly with such Appointment such a Period as shall have included a Service in the Embodied Militia,

Of Ten Years or upwards, Five Shillings per Diem;

Of Three Years or upwards, but under Ten Years, Three Shillings and Sixpence per Diem;

Of less than Three Years, Three Shillings per Diem:

To every Quartermaster who has been appointed Quartermaster since his Corps was disembodied, but who at the Time of the last disembodying thereof was serving with the Commission of Lieutenant, Two Shillings and Sixpence per Diem;

With the Commission of Ensign, Two Shillings per Diem;

With the Rank of Serjeant, having served Ten Years in the Embodied Militia as a Non-commissioned Officer, Two Shillings per Diem:

Provided always, that such Allowances shall not be received for the Days during which the Corps to which the Officers belong shall be assembled for Training and Exercise.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Paymaster, Surgeon, and Quartermaster of Militia, who shall claim under the Authority of this Act to receive any Part of the said Allowances, shall, previous to receiving the same, and in order to entitle himself thereto, take and subscribe an Oath before some One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in the United Kingdom, or before some One of His Majesty's Ministers, Secretaries of Embassy or of Legation, or Consuls Abroad, in the Words or to the Effect following; (videlicet,)

I A.B. do swear, That I was serving as [Paymaster, Surgeon,

or Quartermaster, as the Case may be,] in the of Militia, at the Reduction of the Staff of the said Militia in One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine; and that I was not in Holy Orders during any Part of the Period for which I now claim to receive an Allowance, that is to say, from the Day of One thousand eight hundred

and to the Day of One

thousand eight hundred and; and that I did not hold

or enjoy, nor did any Person for me hold or enjoy, during any

« Part

Quarter-

master!.

Oath to be taken by Officers claiming Allowances.

Form of Oath.

C. 29.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

w

Part of the said Period, any Place, Office, or Employment of

Profit, Civil or Military, under the Crown or any other Govern-

ment, besides the Allowance of a Day, now claimed,

except my Half Pay as a [of the Army or Navy or

Marines, or of a Provisional Battalion formed from the Militia, as the Case may be, -\ and except my Pay and Allowances from

the to the both Days inclusive, during

which Period the Militia was assembled for Training

and Exercise. So help me GOD.

Out-Pension to Reduced Corporals and Drummers.

Subalterns and Surgeons Mates, &c. to attend the annual Exercise, &c.

Which Oath, so taken and subscribed, shall be produced to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces by the Paymaster, Surgeon, or Quartermaster claiming the Allowance: Provided always, that any Paymaster receiving Pay in the Disembodied Militia previous to such Reduction as aforesaid, and being on Naval or Military Half Pay, or entitled to any Allowance as having served in any of His Majesty's Regular Forces, or Navy or Marines, shall, notwithstanding such Militia Pay, be entitled to receive such Half Pay or Allowance: Provided always, that the Fact of his receiving such Militia Pay shall be stated in the Affidavit to be made by him for the said Half Pay or Allowance.

XI. And Whereas all the Corporals, and a Proportion of the Drummers of the Militia of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, are, in pursuance of the Provision of an Act passed during the present Session, to be discontinued and struck off the Establishment of the Disembodied Staff; Be it further enacted, That such of the Corporals and Drummers, so discontinued, as were serving as Corporals or Drummers at the Time of the last disembodying of their Corps, and have continued to serve in the Disembodied Staff from that Time to the present, who, reckoning their previous Service in any or all of the Ranks of Noncommissioned Officer, Drummer, or Private, have in the Whole completed Twenty Years uninterrupted Service, shall be placed on the Out-Pension of Five-pence a Day, although they should not be unfit for further Service; any Thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that such Corporals and Drummers shall have served the Period of Twenty Years after the Age of Eighteen, excepting the Cases in which the Individuals were serving as Drummers previous to the Age of Eighteen, in which Cases it shall be lawful to reckon the Twenty Years Service after the Age of Sixteen: Provided always, that the Provisions herein made in respect of Drummers shall be deemed to apply to Fifers; Provided always, that no Corporal, Drummer, or Fifer, to whom the Pension of Five-pence per Diem shall be granted in pursuance of this Act, shall be entitled to receive the said Pension for any Period during which he shall be serving in the Militia.

All. And be it further enacted, That every Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, and Assistant Surgeon of the Militia, who shall be entitled or claim to be entitled to the Benefits of this Act, shall regularly attend the annual Exercise and Training of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which he belongs, during the Whole of the Time it shall be assembled for that Purpose, and shall during the said Time punctually do and perform his Duty as a Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster,

10° GEO. IV. C. 29.

171

master, Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, on pain of forfeiting the said Allowance, as well as the Rest of his Pay, and every Part thereof, which may be due for the current Year in which he shall neglect or refuse to attend; and a Certificate of his having so at* tended and performed his Duty, signed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which he may belong, shall be transmitted to the Paymaster General by the Officer claiming the Allowance: Provided always, that in case any such Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon, claiming to be entitled to such Allowance, shall by his Commanding Officer be permitted or suffered, for any special Cause or unavoidable Necessity, to be absent during the Whole or any Part of such annual Exercise, for which Purpose it shall be lawful for such Commanding Officer to grant such Leave of Absence, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for such Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon, who may be so permitted to be absent, and have such Leave in Writing, to demand and receive the said Allowance and every Part thereof, in like Manner as if he had attended during the Whole of the said annual Exercise: Provided always, that the Reason for such Absence, as well as the Duration thereof, shall be carefully and truly specified in a Certificate (in lieu of that before mentioned), to be signed by the Commanding Officer, and to be furnished as soon as conveniently may be to the Paymaster General.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, after the disembodying thereof, and before the Time fixed for the Payment of the said Allowances, shall not be called out for the annual Exercise and Training thereof, every Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, and Assistant Surgeon belonging to any such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, and coming within the Description of this Act, who shall have taken and subscribed the Oath herein-before mentioned before any such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the said Allowance as if he had regularly attended the annual Exercise and Training of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps during the Whole of the Time by Law appointed for that Purpose, and as if a Certificate of such Attendance, signed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, had been furnished.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That upon such Oaths and Certificates as aforesaid, or where any Regiment of Militia shall not have been called out to their annual Exercise as aforesaid, upon the said Oaths being produced to the Officers acting as Paymasters of the respective Regiments, or to the Paymaster General, it shall be lawful for such Officers and for the Paymaster General, and they are hereby authorized and required, to pay to the said Subaltern Officers, Surgeons Mates, and Assistant Surgeons, according to their Commissions of Lieutenant, Ensign, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon, their respective Allowances above mentioned, for Three Months, or other proper Period, on the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, and the other Proportions of the same, as also the Allowances

Commanding Officer may grant Leave of Absence.

If the Regiment be not called out before the Time fixed for the Payment, the Allowance shall be paid on taking the Oath, without Certificate of Attendance.

Allowances to be paid quarterly.

C. 29.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

On Neglect of Attendance, Subalterns, &c. shall forfeit their Claim to the Allowance.

Supernumerary Lieutenants, &c. succeeding to Vacancies, shall be entitled to the Fay and Allowances under this Act.

Allowance not to be paid while the Militia is embodied.

to the Reduced Paymasters, Surgeons, and Quartermasters, for the Periods ending on the Twenty-fourth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, and the Twenty-fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty, without any Deduction whatsoever; the Oaths and Certificates before mentioned to be by them preserved and produced as Vouchers for the Payments.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Paymasters, Surgeons, Quartermasters, Subaltern Officers, Surgeons Mates, and Assistant Surgeons of the Militia, entitled or claiming to be entitled to the Benefits of this Act, shall at all Times be liable to serve in the respective Regiments, Battalions, or Corps to which they belong, whenever the same shall be embodied and called out upon active Service; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to attend when called upon at such Times or for such Occasions as may be required of them in pursuance of the Laws now in Force respecting the Militia when disembodied, each and every such Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, and Assistant Surgeon, shall, on such Neglect or Refusal being certified to the Secretary at War, and, in respect of the Militia of Great Britain *, to the Lord Lieutenant of the County, by the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which such Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Subaltern, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon shall belong, forfeit his Claims to the said Allowance and every Part thereof, and shall also be considered as having resigned and vacated his Commission to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Supernumerary Lieutenant, Ensign, or Assistant Surgeon of any Regiment of Militia in Ireland, which shall have been augmented during War, and which shall have been reduced to its original Establishment, shall have succeeded or shall succeed to any Vacancy which shall have occurred or shall occur in any such Regiment respectively, such Lieutenant, Ensign, or Assistant Surgeon shall, from the Time of his so succeeding, be entitled to such Pay and Allowances under this Act, and in like Manner, and to the like Amount, and under the like Restrictions and Regulations, as any Lieutenant, Ensign, or Assistant Surgeon who shall have been serving on the original Establishment of such Regiment at the Time of the disembodying thereof; and such Lieutenant, Ensign, or Assistant Surgeon so succeeding shall be deemed to have belonged to such Regiment when the same was disembodied, and to have continued to have served therein from that Time, and shall in all Respects from and after his so succeeding be subject to the Regulations in this Act contained with respect to any Lieutenant, Ensign, or Assistant Surgeon of the said Militia who shall claim and receive the Pay and Allowances under this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to entitle any Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon as aforesaid, to the said Allowance, or any Part thereof, during the Time the Militia to which he belongs sfcall be embodied or ordered out on actual Service#

10° GEO. IV. C. 29.

173

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person being on Naval or Military Half Pay, or being entitled to any Allowance as having served in any of His Majesty's Forces or Navy or Marines, and serving in the Militia, shall and may and he is hereby empowered to receive and take the Pay and Allowances by this Act directed to be paid to the Field Officers, Captains, Lieutenants, Ensigns, Adjutants, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Assistant Surgeons, when assembled for annual Training; and the receiving and taking any such Pay and Allowances by any such Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Quartermaster, Surgeon, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon, shall not prevent such Person on Half Pay, or being entitled to any such Allowance, from receiving his Half Pay or such Allowance: Provided always, that such Person shall, in the Oath to be taken for the Receipt of the Half Pay or such Allowance, declare that he has received or is entitled to such Militia Pay and Allowances, and shall specify the Militia Rank which entitles him to the same.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Adjutant, Quartermaster, Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, or Private Man in the Regular Militia, entitled to receive any Chelsea or Kilmainham Pension or Allowance on account of Service in the Regular Army, shall forfeit or lose his Right to the same by reason of his serving and receiving Pay in the Regular Militia; nor shall any Quartermaster, Subaltern^ Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon, forfeit or lose his Right to receive any such Chelsea or Kilmainham Pension or Allowance by reason of his receiving the Allowance by this Act granted to him when disembodied.

XX. And be it further enacted, That thete shall be granted for each Regiment of Regular Militia, when disembodied, a Sum of Money after the Rate of One Guinea for every One hundred Men of each such Regiment, for the Expence of necessary Medicines for the sick Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, Fifers, and Private Men of such Regiment, during the Period or Periods of Assembly for annual Exercise or Training; and also an Allowance of Two-pence per Week for each of the Non-commissioned Officers and Drummers of each Regiment on the Disembodied Staff at Head Quarters, for the Expence of necessary Medicines and Attendance given to the said Non-commissioned Officers and Drummers, while such Regiment is not called out for annual Training and Exercise.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every Adjutant of Regular Militia who shall have been appointed as such before the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and who shall have served faithfully, either in His Majesty's Regular Forces, or in the Regular or Local Militia, for the full Term of Twenty Years in the Whole, whereof Ten shall have been in Service as an Adjutant of Regular Militia, who shall have been or shall be by Age or Infirmity rendered unfit for further Service, shall, on producing to the Secretary at War a Certificate of such Service of Twenty Years as aforesaid from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged* and upon obtaining an Order from the, Secretary at War, founded upon such Certificate, be entitled to receive, and the Paymaster

General,

Persons on Half Pay, or entitled to Allowance as having served in the Army or Navy, empowered to receive Pay, &c.during Training.

Adjutants, &c. Non-commissioned Officers or Privates, not to lose their Right to Chelsea Pensions, &c.

Allowance to be made for Medicines.

Adjutants appointed before 84th Dec. 1814, entitled to receive, after a Service of Twenty Years, if unfit for further Service, an Allowance of 8s. per Day;

J74

C. 29.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

provided they do not hold certain other Appointments.

Adjutants appointed since 24th Dec. 1814, entitled to receive after Thirty Yean Service, &c. an Allowance of 6s. per Day.

Right to Half Pay reserved.

Quartermasters, after a Service of Thirty Yean, and unfit for further Service, entitled to an Allowance at the Rate of their Pay in the Disembodied Militia.

General, or the Officer acting as the Paymaster of the regiment, as the Case may be, shall and he is hereby authorized to pay to such Person an Allowance at the Rate of Eight Shillings per Diem: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid who shall hold any Military Office or Employment of Profit under His Majesty or any other Government; and that no Person who shall at the Time of the passing of this Act hold any Civil Place or Employment of Profit under His Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of His Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, shall receive any Part of the said Allowance for any Time during which he hela such Civil Place or Employment, except in the Cases in which the Emoluments of such Civil Place or Employment shall not exceed Three Times the Amount of the said Allowance, and unless in such excepted Cases His Majesty's Consent to the holding of such Civil Place or Employment shall have been signified through the Secretary at War; and that no Person who shall after the passing of this Act be appointed to any Civil Place or Employment of Profit under His Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of His Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, shall receive any Part of the said Allowance for any Time during which he shall hold such Civil Place or Employment: Provided always, that any Adjutant who shall have been appointed since the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, who shall have served faithfully, either in His Majesty's Regular Forces or in the Regular or Local Militia, for the All Term of Thirty Years in the Whole, whereof Fifteen shall have been in Service as an Adjutant of Regular Militia, and who shall be by Age or Infirmity rendered unfit for further Service, shall, upon producing to the Secretary at War a Certificate of such Service of Thirty Years as aforesaid from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, and upon obtaining an Order from the Secretary at War founded upon such Certificate, be entitled to receive an Allowance at the Rate of Six Shillings a Day, in like Manner and subject to the same Re* strictions and Conditions as the aforesaid Allowance of Eight Shillings: Provided also, that no such Adjutant shall lose any Right he may have to Half Pay or Out-Pension by reason of receiving such Allowance as aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That any Quartermaster of Regular Militia who shall have served faithfully, either in His Majesty's Regular Forces or in the Regular or Local Militia, for the full Term of Thirty Years in the Whole, whereof Fifteen shall have been as a Quartermaster of Regular Militia, and who shall have been or shall be, previous to the Twenty-fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, by Age or Infirmity rendered unfit for further Service, shall, on producing to the Secretary at War a Certificate of such Service of Thirty Years as aforesaid from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, and obtaining from the Secretary at War an Order founded upon such Certificate, be entitled to receive an Allowance at the Rate of his Pay when serving in the Disembodied Regular Militia, in like Manner and subject to the

10° GEO. IV. C. 29.

175

same Restrictions and Conditions as the Allowances granted by this Act to Adjutants who have been by Age or Infirmity rendered unfit for further Service: Provided also, that no such Quartermaster shall, by reason of receiving such Allowance as aforesaid, forfeit any Right which he may have to Half Pay or Out-Pension, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay or Out-Pension as well as such Allowance.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Surgeon of Re-

fular Militia, having faithfully served in His Majesty's Regular orces or in the Militia for the full Term of Twenty Years, wall, previous to the Twenty-fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service, he shall, on producing to the Secretary at War a Certificate of such Service of Twenty Years in the Whole (Ten of which he shall have served as a Surgeon of Militia) from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, and obtaining an Order from the Secretary at War founded upon such Certificate, be entitled to receive an Allowance at the Rate of Six Shillings per Diem, in like Manner and subject to the same Restrictions and Conditions as the Allowances granted by this Act to Adjutants who have by Age or Infirmity been rendered unfit for further Service: Provided always, that no Person receiving such Allowance shall by reason thereof forfeit his Right to any Half Pay to which he may be entitled.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia shall have already ceased and determined, or been reduced in its Establishment, or shall cease and determine or be reduced in its Establishment during the Continuance of this Act, the Sum of Four Shillings per Diem shall be paid to such Person as has actually served as Adjutant to such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, or from the Time such Regiment shall cease and determine or be reduced in its Establishment (as the Case may be), to the Twenty-fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty, in like Manner and subject to the same Restrictions and Conditions as the Allowances granted by this Act to Adjutants who have by Age or Infirmity been rendered unfit for further Service: Provided always, that no such Reduced Adjutant shall lose any Right he may have to Half Pay of the Navy, Army, Marines, or Provisional Battalion formed from the 'Militia, by reason of receiving such Allowance as last aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

XXV. And Whereas certain Adjutants and Serjeant Majors are entitled to and have received certain Allowances in consequence of having been reduced under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty, which Allowance has been continued, and as to such Adjutants augmented to Four Shillings per Diem; Be it therefore enacted, That all such Adjutants and Serjeant Majors shall be entitled to receive and shall receive such Allowance from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine to the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty.

Right to Half Pay reserved.

Surgeons, after a Service of Twenty Yean, an<f unfit for further Service, to receive 6t.% per Day.

Right to Half Pay reserved.

Reduced Adjutants to receive 4s. per Day till 24th March 1829.

Right to Half Pay reserved.

Adjutants and Serjeant Majors entitled to Allowance under 39 & 40G.S. c. 44.

C. 29.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Reduced Adjutants may take such Allowance with any Pay or other Allowance under S9 & 40 G.S. c. 44. and 2G G.S. c. 107.

[Proviso.]

Pay, &c. to be issued under Directions of the Secretary at War.

Bills drawn for r»y. &c. may be on unstamped Paper.

No Fee to be taken.

Expence of House for depositing Arms and Stores of the Militia in Ireland, &c. to be defrayed by the County.

Provision as to Amount of Rent.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Reduced Adjutant entitled to any Allowance granted under the said Act of the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years aforesaid, and continued by any subsequent Acts or by this Act, may receive and take such Allowance, together with any Full Pay, Half Pay, or Allowance which was tenable, together with such Reduced Allowance, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty^ intituled An Act for amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament the Lam relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, or under the Provisions of the aforesaid Acts of the Thirty -ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty: Provided always, that no such. Reduced Adjutant shall be entitled to receive any Allowance under this Act during the Time he shall hold any Military Office of Profit under His Majesty other than such as aforesaid, or under any other Government, or any Civil Office or Employment under His Majesty or any other Government, otherwise than according to the Provisions of this Act in relation to the Allowances granted to Adjutants on account of Age or Infirmity.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money granted for the Pay, Clothing, Allowances, and contingent and other Expences for the Regular Militia when disembodied as aforesaid, shall be issued and paid under the Direction of the Secretary at War, according to such Regulations as have been or shall be established on that Head.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Bills, Drafts, and Orders drawn for the Pay or Allowances of the Regular Militia, when disembodied under this Act, may be or shall be drawn upon unstamped Paper; and no such Bill, Draft, or Order shall be void by reason of being drawn or written on unstamped Paper.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Tha^no Fee or Gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid for or upon account of any Warrant or Sum of Money which shall be issued in relation to or in pursuance of this Act.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Hire of any House or Place to be provided for the keeping of the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing, or other Stores, and for the Residence and Accommodation of the Adjutant belonging to any Regiment or Battalion of Militia in Ireland, when not embodied, shall be defrayed by the County; and the necessary Sum for that Purpose shall be raised by the Presentment of the Grand Jury of the said County, and which Presentment the Grand Jury of the County is hereby authorized and required to pass, on a Certificate signed by the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or, in the Absence of such Chief Secretary, by^ the Under Secretary for the Military Department, and specifying the Rent agreed to be paid for the same; which Certificate shall be transmitted by such Chief Secretary to the Clerk of the Crown for such County, or at any Time prior to the first Day of the Assizes for such County, or if in the County or County of the City of Dublin, then prior to the first Day of the Presenting Term: Provided, that in no case any greater Rent than Fifty Pounds Currency of the United

10° GEO. IV.

177

A.D. 1829.

C. 29, 30.

Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland shall be presented by such Grand Jury for the annual Rent of such Place.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being (if he or they shall see sufficient Cause for so doing) to order and direct that the Arms, Accoutrements, and other Stores, or any Part thereof, belonging to any Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia, shall, at any Time while such Regiment or Battalion shall not be embodied or in actual Service, be conveyed to and deposited and kept in any of His Majesty's Ordnance Stores in the City of Dublin, or to and in any such Ordnance Store, or to and in any other Place of Security in any other Part in Ireland, as he or they shall from Time to Time order or direct, and under such Rules and Regulations as he or they shall think fit and proper in that Behalf.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Provisions, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things in this Act contained, relating to Counties and to Regiments of Militia respectively, shall extend and be construed to extend to all Ridings, Shires, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, and to all Battalions, Corps, and independent Companies respectively, and to the Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon, as fully and effectually as if they were respectively and severally repeated in every such Provision, Direction, Clause, and with relation to every such Matter or Thing.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty.

CAP. XXX.

An Act to continue and amend the Laws relating to Yeomanry Corps in Ireland.

[1st June 1829.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for authorizing the billetting such Troops of Yeomanry and Volunteer Cavalry as may be desirous of assembling for the Purpose of being trained together in Great Britain and Ireland,

and for subjecting to Military Discipline during the War such Serjeants serving in any Volunteer or Yeomanry Corps f Cavalry or Infantry as received constant Pay, and all Trumpeters, Drummers, or Buglemen serving therein and receiving Pay at any daily or weekly Rate, and for the further regulating of such Yeomanry and Cavalry Corps, which Act was to continue and be in Force during the Continuance of the War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a definitive Treaty of Peace with France:

And Whereas by an Act made in the Fifty-sixth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, so much of the said recited Act of the said Forty-third Year as relates to such Troops or Corps in Ireland was further continued and was amended: And Whereas by an Act made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the said recited Act of the Forty-third Year of His late Majesty's Reign, so far as relates to any such Troops or Corps iu Ireland, and also the said Act of the Fifty-sixth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, so far as the same amends the said

Lord Lieutenant may order the Arms of Militia of Ireland to be deposited in the Ordnance Stores in Dublin.

Provisions of this Act relating to Counties shall extend to Ridings, Stewartries, &c.

[Continuance of Act.]

4S G.S. c. 121.

178

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

C.SO, 32,

Recited Acts continued.

Lord Lieutenant may dismiss Officers.

Continuance of Act *

Act of the Forty-third Year, were amended, and were continued as so amended, and are in Force until the End of the present Session of Parliament: And Whereas it is expedient that the

said recited Acts of the Forty-third and fifty-sixth Years of His said late Majesty's and the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's

Reign, so far as relates to any such Troops or Corps of Yeomanry in Ireland, should be further continued, and should be amended; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act of the Forty-third Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, so far as relates to any such Troops or Corps in Ireland, and also the said Act of the Fifty-sixth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, and the said Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, so far as the same amend the said Act of the said Forty-third Year, shall be and the same are hereby continued as amended by this Act; and the said Acts shall be and remain and continue in Force during the Continuance of this Act; and that all such Provisions and Regulations in the said recited Act of the said Forty-third Year contained, so far as relates to such Troops or Corps in Ireland, as by the said Act are applied during War, or during the Continuance of War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of such definitive Treaty of Peace as aforesaid, shall during the Continuance of this Act be in Force, as amended by the Baid recited Acts of the Fifty-sixth Year of His late Majesty'll Reign, and of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and by this Act.

II. And be it enacted and declared, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to dismiss any Officer of any Corps of Yeomanry in Ireland at any Time when such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall think fit and proper so to do.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue -in Force for Five Years from the passing thereof, and from the Expiration of such Five Years until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for funding Three Millions of Exchequer Bills.

[1st June 1829.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, being desirous of making Provision to satisfy the Principal Sums contained in certain Exchequer Bills to the Amount of Three Millions Sterling, have

resolved that the Persons- who have engaged to subscribe towards funding the Sum of Three Millions in Exchequer Bills should be entitled, in respect of the Principal Sums contained therein, to such Capital Stock in Annuities as is hereinafter

mentioned, subject to the Provisions of this Act:' We, Your

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 31. 119

Majesty's most faithful Commons, do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Persons, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, who on the Eighth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine caused their Names to be inscribed in a Book opened at the Bank of England for the Purpose of funding Exchequer Bills, and who deposited Twenty Pounds per Centum on the Amount of Three Millions of Exchequer Bills which they subscribed, shall, upon the Completion of the Amount subscribed by them respectively, in Manner and at the Times required by this Act, be entitled, for every One hundred Pounds Principal Money contained in the Exchequer Bills so subscribed, to One hundred and one Pounds Ten Shillings Capital Stock in Annuities, at the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine; which said Annuities shall be paid and payable at the Bank of England at the Times and in the Manner herein mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies converted into Annuities after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum by virtue of this Act, or intended so to be, shall be deemed, reputed, and taken to be one Capital or Joint Stock, and shall be added to and made Part of the Joint Stock of Annuities with and shall be redeemable at the same Time and in like Manner as the Annuities carrying an Interest after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, established by an Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for funding Eight Millions of Exchequer Bills; and all and every Person or Persons and Corporations whatsoever, in Proportion to the Money which he, she, or they shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this Act, shall have or be deemed to have a proportional Interest and Share in the said Stock of Annuities, at the Rate aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said several Subscribers shall deposit the future Instalments of Exchequer Bills with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England on or before the Days or Times hereinafter mentioned; that is to say, Twenty Pounds per Centum on or before the Nineteenth Day of June next, Twenty Pounds per Centum on or before the Thirty-first Day of July next, Twenty Pounds per Centum on or before the Eleventh Day of September next, and Twenty Pounds per Centum on or before the Twenty-third Day of October next; and that no Exchequer Bills shall be deposited under this Act which have been advertised to be paid off, and the Interest thereof shall have previously ceased.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Guardian or Trustee, having the Disposition of any Exchequer Bills of any Infant, to subscribe for or towards advancing the said Sum of Three Millions as aforesaid; and such Infant, upon the Deposit of the Amount subscribed by such Guardian or Trustee, shall become a Subscriber within the Meaning of this

The Persons who subscribed for funding 3,000,000*. Of Exchequer Bills, and deposited 20 per Cent., shall be entitled to 101*. 10s.

per Cents, for every 100*. subscribed, on completing their Subscriptions.

Annuities to be deemed Joint Stock Annuities.

Future Instalments to be made in Manner herein mentioned.

Guardians may -subscribe for Infanta.

C. S1.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Subscribers to be allowed Interest on the Exchequer Bills deposited.

Interest to be allowed on Payments made in advance.

Subscribers, on depositing Exchequer Bills, or paying Money in lieu thereof, to be entitled to Annuities payable half-yearly.

As soon as Subscriptions are completed, Annuities may be transferred.

Act, and be entitled to have and receive, the Annuities, Advantages, and Payments in respect thereof in such and the like Manner as any other Subscriber; and the said Guardian and Trustee* as to the said Sum or Sums so subscribed, is hereby discharged, so. as the Name of such Infant be expressed in the Receipt or Receipts for such Exchequer Bills.

V. And be it further, enacted, That every such Subscriber shall

be entitled to receive, at the Office of the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills, Interest on the Amount of the Exchequer Bills deposited by them respectively at the Bank of England in pursuance of this Act, in Manner following; (that is to say,) upon the Amount of the Exchequer Bills deposited for the first Instalment, every such Subscriber shall be allowed Interest from the Day of the Date of such Bills so deposited up to the Eighth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, and for the Amount of such Exchequer Bills which shall be so deposited by any such Subscriber for the second and every subsequent Instalment according to the Directions of this Act, every such Subscriber shall be allowed Interest from the Day of the Date of such Bills so deposited up to the several Days upon which such Instalments respectively become due. i

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such Subscribers as aforesaid to deposit Exchequer Bills; and in such Case, whenever Exchequer Bills shall be so deposited, such Subscriber shall be entitled to and shall receive, at the Office of Paymasters of Exchequer Bills, the Interest due on such Exchequer Sills from the Day of the Date thereof up to the Day when the several Instalments respectively would have become due if such Deposit had not been made in Advance.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, who shall have deposited or shall deposit any such Exchequer Bill or Bills as aforesaid, shall, for every Sum of One hundred Pounds contained in such Exchequer Bills, and so in Proportion for any greater Sum, have and be entitled to the Capital Stock in Annuities herein-before mentioned; and the Annuities thereon shall be payable half-yearly at the Bank of England on the Tenth Day of October and the Fifth Day of April in every Year, the first Payment to become due on the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty nine; and all Persons and Corporations entitled to any such Annuity or Annuities aforesaid, and his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns respectively, and all Persons and Corporation lawfully claiming under him, her, or them, shall have good, sure, absolute, and indefeasible Estates and Interests in the said Annuities, according to the true Tenor and Meaning of this Act, until the Redemption thereof in the Manner herein directed, and shall be possessed thereof as of a Personal Estate, which shall not be descendible to Heirs, nor liable to any foreign Attachment by the Custom of London or otherwise; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as any Subscribers, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall have deposited at the Bank of England Exchequer Bills to the; full Amount of the Sums subscribed by them respectively, the

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 31. 181

Principal Sum or Annuity to which such Subscriber is entitled under the Provisions of this Act shall forthwith be, in the Books of the Bank of England, placed to the Credit of such respective Subscribers, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, completing such Deposits or Payments; and the Persons to whose Credit such Principal Sums shall be so placed, their respective Executors^ Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, shall and may have Power to assign and transfer the same, or any Part, Share, or Proportion thereof, to any other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, in the Books of the Bank of England; and the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, to prepare proper Books for the Purpose of entering the Names of all such Subscribers, and of placing to their Credit the Principal Sums so paid by them respectively, and that such of the said Subscribers, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, who shall complete the Deposits or Payments of such Parts of the whole Amount payable by them respectively towards the said Sum of Three Millions, at any Time before the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall have prepared their Receipts according to the Directions of this Act, shall be entitled to have the Amounts sb deposited or paid forthwith placed to their Credit in the Books of the Bank of England; and the said Governor and Company are hereby required to cause such Sums to be forthwith placed to the Credit of the Persons entitled to the Annuities in respect thereof in the Books of the said Bank of England, and such Entries in the said Books shall be in lieu of the Receipts hereby directed to be given for all Sums deposited or paid in Manner aforesaid; and such Sums shall carry the Annuities after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum, redeemable by Parliament, and shall respectively be taken and deemed to be Stock, transferable according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, until Redemption thereof in the Manner mentioned in an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for funding Eight Millions of Exchequer Bills.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every such Subscriber or Subscribers, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, who shall have deposited with or paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England the Whole of his, her, or their Subscription on or before the Fifth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, shall be entitled to have and receive, on the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, at the Bank of England, the Half Year's Annuity that shall become due on the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine; and that all and every Person or Persons, who shall not have completed the Whole of their said Payments on or before the said Fifth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, shall, on completing the same within the Time in this Act prescribed, be entitled to receive, on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty, the Year's Annuity on the said Annuities from the Fifth Day of April

Subscribers depositing the whole of their Subscription by the Times herein specified, to be entitled to Annuities from certain Periods.

182

Annuities payable and transferable at the Bank.

Money to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund for Payment of Annuities.

Annuities to be charged on Consolidated Fund.

The Bank to appoint a Cashier and an Accountant General; and the Treasury to order Money to be issued to the Cashier for Payment of Annuities.

C. Sir 10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Annuities aforesaid shall be payable and paid and be transferable at the Bank of England, and shall be subject to such Redemption as is hereinafter mentioned.

XI. And be it further enacted, That so much Money shall from Time to Time be set apart and issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer In England, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the*Bank of England, as shall be sufficient to satisfy and pay the respective Annuities to be created in respect of the said Sum of Three Millions, together with the Charges attending the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all the said Annuities, Interest, and Dividends, which shall become payable in respect of the said Sum of Three Millions, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon and made payable out of, the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

XIII. And for the more easy and sure Payment of the Annuities established by this Act, be it further enacted, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, shall from Time to Time, until all the said Annuities shall be redeemed or shall cease, appoint and employ One or more sufficient Person or Persons within their Office in the City of London to be their Chief or First Cashier or Cashiers, and One other sufficient Person within the same Office to be their Accountant General; and that so much of the Monies by this Act appropriated for the Purpose as shall be sufficient from Time to Time to answer the said Annuities, and other Payments herein directed to be made out of the said Consolidated Fund in respect of the said Sum of Three Millions, shall, by Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the Time being, without any further Warrant to be sued for, bad, or obtained in that Behalf, from Time to Time, at the respective Days of Payment in this Act appointed for Payment thereof, be issued and paid at the Receipt of the Exchequer of Great Britain to the said First or Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors for the Time being, by way of Imprest and upon Account, for the Payment of the Annuities in respect of the said Sum of Three Millions payable by virtue of this Act; and such Cashier of Cashiers, to whom the said Money shall from Time to Time be issued, shall from Time to Time, without Delay, pay the same accordingly, and render his or their Accounts thereof according to the due Course of the Exchequer in Great Britain; and the said Accountant General for the Time being shall from Time to Time inspect and examine all Receipts and Payments of the said Cashier or Cashiers, and the Vouchers relating thereto, in orde^ to prevent any Fraud, Negligence, or Delay.

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 31.

18?

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, who shall have received or shall receive any Part of the said Subscription? towards the said Sum of Three Millions, shall give a Receipt or Receipts iq Writing to every such Subscriber for the Principal Money comprized in the Exchequer Bills deposited by them respectively, an4 the Receipts so to be given shall be assignable at any Time before the Eleventh Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, and no longer: Provided always, that such Cashier or Cashiers shall give Security to the good Liking of any Three or more of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the said Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, for duly answering and delivering over to the Paymaster of Exchequer Bills all the Exchequer Bills which they have already received, and shall hereafter receive from Time to Time, of and for the Whole of the said Sum of Three Millions, and for accounting duly for the same, and for Performance of the Trust hereby in him or them reposed, and shall from Time to Time deliver to the Paymaster of Exchequer Bills all the Exchequer Bills which shall be so deposited, as soon as h$ or they shall receive the same, or any Part thereof, or within Five Days afterwards at the furthest, and shall account for the same in the said Exchequer, according to the due Course thereof.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all the Exchequer Bills so deposited or to be deposited, according to the Directions of this Act, with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be from Time to Time transmitted by the said Governor' and Company, and delivered over to the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills to be cancelled, and the Receipt for such Exchequer Bills, signed by any Two of the said Paymasters, shall be a sufficient Acquittance to the said Cashier or Cashiers in accounting for the Exchequer Bills to be received by them in pursuance of this Act; and the said Paymasters of Exchequer Bills are hereby authorized and required, upon Receipt of any such Bill, to mark and cancel the same, and to pay the Interest thereupon, according to the Provisions of this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, that in the Office of the Accountant General of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Time being a Book or Books shall be provided and kept, in which the Names of the Subscribers shall be fairly entered; which Book or Books the said respective Subscribers, their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, shall and may from Time to Time, and at all seasonable Times, resort to and inspect without any Fee or Charge; and the said Accountant General shall, on or before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty, transmit an attested Duplicate, fairly written on Paper, of the said Book or Books, into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer of Great Britain, there to remain for ever.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Accountant-General of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall certify to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt the Amount of all Exchequer Bills subscribed to be funded under the Provisions of this Act, and also the total Amount of the Capital

Cashier to give Receipts for Subscriptions, which may be assigned until 11th Sept. 1829.

Cashier to give Security for paying the Exchequer Bills he receives into the Exchequer.

Exchequer Bills deposited to be delivered to the Paymasters to be cancelled.

Books to be kept at the Bank, in which Subscribers Names shall be entered.

A Duplicate to be delivered to the Auditor of the Exchequer.

Amount subscribed and Stock created .; to be certified to Commissioners.

Subscribers duly paying their Subscriptions entitled to Annuities Tax-free.

Subscriptions paid in Part, and not completed, forfeited.

Accountant General to keep Books for entering Transfers.

Stock may be dsvised.

Transfers not liable to Stamp Duty.

Persons holding Stock created by

C. SI. 10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829 *

Stock in the Four Founds per Centum Annuities which shall be created thereby.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That such Subscribers duly depositing or paying in the whole Sum so subscribed at or before the respective Times in this Act limited in that Behalf, and their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this Act to have, receive, and enjoy, the said Annuities by this Act granted in respect of the Sum so subscribed, and shall have good and sure Interests and Estates therein according to the several Provisions in this Act contained; and the said Annuities shall be free from all Taxes, Charges, and Impositions whatsoever: Provided always, that in case any such Subscribers who have already deposited with or shall hereafter deposit or pay to the said Cashier or Cashiers any Exchequer Bills at the Time and in the Manner herein-before mentioned, in Part of the Sum or Sums so by them respectively subscribed, or their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall not advance and deposit or pay to the said Cashier or Cashiers the Residue of the Sum or Sums so subscribed at the Times and in the Manner before mentioned, then and in every such Case so much of the re* spective Sum or Sums so subscribed as shall have been actually deposited or paid in Part thereof to the said Cashier or Cashiers shall be forfeited for the Benefit of the Public, and all Right and Title to the said Annuities after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum in respect thereof shall be extinguished; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That Books shall be constantly kept by the said Accountant General for the Time being, wherein all Assignments or Transfers of all Sums advanced or contributed towards the said Sum of Three Millions shall be entered and registered, which Entry shall be conceived in proper Words for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Parties making such Assignments or Transfers, or, it such Parties be absent, by their respective Attorney or Attorneys thereunto lawfully authorized in Writing under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to be attested by Two or more credible Witnesses; and the several Persons to whom such Transfers shall be made may respectively underwrite their Acceptance thereof; and no other Method of assigning and transferring the said Annuities, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, shall be good or available in Law: Provided always, that all Persons possessed of any Share or Interest in the said Annuities, or any Estate or Interest therein, may devise the same by Will in Writing, attested by Two or more credible Witnesses: but no Payment shall be made upon any such Devise, until so much of the said Will as relates to such Share, Estate, or Interest in the said Annuities be entered in the said Office; and in Default of such Transfer or Devise, such Share} Estate, or Interest in the said Annuities shall go to the Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns; and no Stamp Duties whatsoever shall be charged on any of the said Transfers, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall at any Time hold any Stock in

C. 31.

185

the Four Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities created by the said recited Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for funding Eight Millions of Exchequer Bills, or which shall be created by this Act, to transfer Or cause to be transferred any such Four Pounds per Centum Annuities, for the Purpose of having corresponding Sums written into and consolidated with and made Part of the Capital of the New Four Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities transferable at the Bank of Ireland; and that in like Manner it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons holding Stock in the New Four Pounds per Centum j^er Annum Annuities transferable at the Bank of Ireland, to transfer or cause to be transferred any such New Four Pounds per Centum Annuities, for the Purpose of having corresponding Sums written into and consolidated with and made Part of the Capital of the Four Pounds per Centum Annuities, transferable at the Bank of England, created by the said recited Act and this Act; and all such Transfers shall be made on the Terms and Conditions, and subject to all the Clauses, Directions, and Regulations, contained in an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to permit the mutual Transfer of Capital in certain Public Stocks or Funds transferable at the Banks of England and Ireland respectively, in regard to the Four Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities, enacted and referred to in and by the said recited Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and this Act, except only so far as the said Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty is altered or affected by the Provisions of an Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to provide for the Assimilation of the Currency and Monies of Account throughout the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Three or more of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the said Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, shall have Power, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to discharge all such incident Charges as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, in such Manner as to them shall seem just and reasonable; and also to make an Allowance for the Service, Pains, and Labour of the said Cashier or Cashiers employed in receiving, paying, and accounting for the said Annuities; and also for the Service, Pains, and Labour of the said Accountant General, for performing the Trusts reposed in him by this Act; which Allowance, in respect of the Service, Pains, and Labour of the said Cashier or Cashiers and Accountant General of the said Governor and Company, shall be for the Use of the said Governor and Company, and at their Disposal only.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all the said Annuities after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, created by virtue of this Act, shall be deemed, reputed, and taken to be One Capital or Joint Stock; and all and every Person and Persons, and Bodies Politic and Corporate whatsoever, shall have and bO deemed to have a proportional Interest and Share in the said Stock, and in the Annuity attending the same, at the Rate aforesaid; and the whole Capital or Joint Stock, or any Share or Interest therein, and the proportionable Annuity attending the same,

7 G. 4. c. 39. may transfer the same for corresponding Sums of the new Stock.

New Stock transferable at the Banks of Ireland or England may be mutually transferred, conformably to the Directions of 5 G.3. c. 53.

6 G.4. c. 79.

Incidents to be discharged.

Allowance for the Expence of Management.

Annuities under this Act to be One Joint Stock, and to be transferable.

C. 3U

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Persons counterfeiting Receipts, &c. guilty of Felony.

Bank to continue a Corporation till the Annuities hereby granted cease.

No Fee to be taken for receiving Subscriptions, or paying or transferring Annuities, on Penalty of 20/.

shall be assignable and transferable as this Act directs, and no* otherwise; and there shall be constantly kept in the Office of the said Accountant General for the Time being, within the City of London, a Bopk or Books, wherein all Assignments or Transfers of the said Capital or Joint Stock, or any Part thereof, and the proportional Annuity attending the same, at the Rate aforesaid* shall be entered and registered, which Entries shall be conceived in proper Words for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Parties making such Assignments or Transfers; or, if any such Party or Parties be absent, by his, her, or their Attorney or Attorneys, thereunto lawfully authorized by Writing under his, her, or thei* Hands and Seals, to be attested by Two or more credible Witnesses; and the Person or Persons to whom such Transfer or Transfers shall be made shall respectively underwrite his, her, or their Acceptance thereof; and no other Method of assigning or transferring the said Stock, and the Annuities attending the same, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, shall be good and available in Law; and no Stamp Duties whatsoever shall bet charged on the said Transfers, or any of them.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall willingly act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting, any Receipt or Receipts for the Whole or any Part or Parts of the said Subscription towards the said Sum of Three Millions, either with or without the Name or Names of any Person or Persons being inserted therein as the Subscriber or Subscribers thereto, or Payer or Payers thereof, or of any Part or Parts thereof, or shall alter any Number, Figure, or Wore! therein, or utter or publish as true any such false, forged, counterfeited, or altered Receipt or Receipts, with Intent to defraud the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Body Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, every such Person or Person so forging or counterfeiting, or causing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly acting oi; assisting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or publishing as aforesaid, being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, notwithstanding the Redemption of all or any of their own Funds, in pursuance of the Acts for establishing the same or any of them, shall continue a Corporation for the Purpose* of this Act until the Annuities by this Act granted shall be redeemed by Parliament as aforesaid; and that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Member thereof, shall not incur any Disability for or by reason of their doing any Matter or Thing in pursuance of this Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever shall be demanded or taken of any of His Majesty's Subjects for receiving or paying the said Subscription in Exchequer Bills or Money, or any of them, or for any Receipt concerning the same, or for paying the said Annuities or any of them, or for any Transfer of any Sum, great or small, to be made

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV.

187

in pursuance of this Act, upon pain that any Officer or Person offending by taking or demanding any such Fee, Reward, or Gratuity, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds to the Party aggrieved, with full Costs of Suit; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, Injunction or Order of Restraint, or any more than One Imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted for any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence in his, her, or their Defence or Defences; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or be nonsuited, or Judgment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them against any such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

[Act may be altered this Session.]

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended, or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act to enable One or more of the Commissioners of Excise to act for the Dispatch of Business for Scotland and Ireland respectively.

[4th June 1829.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Collection and Management of the Revenue of Excise throughout Great Britain and Ireland, it was amongst other Things enacted, that it should be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, from Time to

Time, to order and direct any One or more of the Commissioners of Excise, together with Two of the Assistant Commissioners of (Excise, to sit and act as such Commissioner or Commissioners and Assistant Commissioners respectively in and for Scotland, and to order and direct any One or more of the Commissioners of

Excise, together with Two of the Assistant Commissioners of Excise, to sit and act as such Commissioner or Commissioners and

Assistant Commissioners respectively in and for Ireland, for the Dispatch of Business in those Parts respectively of the United Kingdom, under the Controul and Direction nevertheless of the Board of Commissioners of Excise; and that such Commissioner or Commissioners and Assistant Commissioners for Scotland and Ireland respectively (under such Controul and Direction as aforesaid) should have and be invested with the Collection and Management of the Revenue of Excise, and all Matters and Things relating thereto, arising in Scotland and Ireland respectively;

Persons sued may plead the General Issue.

Treble Costs.

7 & 8 G.4. c. 53.

C. 32.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

The Treasury may direct One or more Commissioners of Excise to act for Scotland or for Ireland respectively, under Controul of the Board of Excise.

+and that any Two of such Commissioner or Commissioners and Assistant Commissioners in Scotland and Ireland respectively should (under such Controul and Direction as aforesaid) have full Power and Authority to order and direct, and to do and permit to be done, all Acts, Matters, and Things relating to the Revenue of Excise in Scotland and Ireland respectively; and that all Rules, Orders, Acts, Matters, and Things which should have been or should be so made and done, by such Commissioner or Commissioners and Assistant Commissioners, or any Two of them, in Scotland and Ireland respectively, should be good, valid, and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: And Whereas it is expedient to extend the said Power of the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Commissioners of

the Treasury, in the Manner hereinafter mentioned; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, from Time to Time, from and after the passing of this Act, to order and direct any One or more of the Commissioners of Excise to act as such Commissioner or Commissioners for Scotland, and to order and direct any One or more of the Commissioners of Excise to act as such Commissioner or Commissioners for Ireland, for the Dispatch of Business in those Parts respectively of the United Kingdom, under the Controul and Direction nevertheless of the Board of Commissioners of Excise; and that such Commissioner or Commissioners respectively (under such Controul and Direction as aforesaid) shall have and be invested with the Collection and Management of the Revenue of Excise, and all Matters and Things relating thereto, arising in Scotland and Ireland respectively; and that such Commissioner or Commissioners respectively shall (under such Controul and Direction as aforesaid) have full Power and Authority to order and direct, and to do and permit to be done, all Acts, Matters, and Things relating to the Revenue of Excise in Scotland and Ireland respectively; and that all Rules, Orders, Acts, Matters, and Things, which shall have been or shall be so made and done by such Commissioner or Commissioners for Scotland and Ireland respectively, shall be good, valid, and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided always, that all and every such Commissioner or Commissioners for Scotland and Ireland respectively shall in all Things observe, perform, and fulfil, and cause to be observed, performed, and fulfilled, in and throughout Scotland and Ireland respectively, the several Orders, Rules, Directions, and Regulations touching or relating to the said Revenue, which shall have been or shall be made or given by the Board of Commissioners of Excise.

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 33.

189

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to amend the several Acts for the Encouragement of the Irish Fisheries.

[4th June 1829.]

WHEREAS the Commissioners of the Irish Fisheries have been and are now in the Habit of advancing, to or for Fishermen, small Sums in the Way of Loan, out of the annual Sum of Five thousand Pounds disposable for that Purpose under an Act made in the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third,

[59G.S. c. 109.]

intituled An Act for the further Encouragement and Improvement of the Irish Fisheries, as amended by an Act made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend the several Acts for 5 G.4. c. 64.

the Encouragement and Improvement of the British and Irish Fisheries; and such Sums are advanced, not by paying the Sums into the Hands of the Fishermen, but by expending the same in building and repairing Boats for them, and also in supplying them with various Implements and Materials necessary for following the Occupation of Fishing; and the Commissioned have hitherto required Promissory Notes or other 1 Securities to be entered into by the said Fishermen, for the punctual Repayment of the Sums so advanced for their Use,

with legal Interest thereon, so as thereby to preserve, without Diminution, a reproductive Fund for encouraging regular and industrious Habits among the poorer Classes of Fishermen inhabiting the Coasts of Ireland; and the said Fund having already been the Means of affording great Relief, and producing great Public Advantage, it is expedient to afford every Facility for the prompt Recovery of the Monies advanced for such Purposes; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from Promissory and after the passing of this Act any Promissory Note or other Notes for Sums Security, for any Sum not exceeding the Amount of Ten Pounds not exceeding given or entered, into for the Purposes herein-before mentioned (which are now by Law recoverable by Civil Bill before Assistant herein mention-Barristers) shall and may be sued for and recovered, iii the Name ed, may be of the said Commissioners or their Secretary, or any Officer or sued for and other Person to whom, by their Direction or Appointment, such ^cove

Notes or Securities shall have been or shall be made payable, Fetty Se8SIon* '

before any Two Justices assembled in any Petty Sessions to'b&

held in or near the Place where the Person or Persons sued shall have been last known to reside.

II. And be it enacted, That whenever in any Proceeding be- Personal Ser-fore Assistant Barristers in Cases which shall remain determinable vice in certain before them, or in any Proceeding before Justices in Petty Sessions Cafe'not rounder this Act, it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of any such quIre

Assistant Barristers or Justices respectively, that Service of Process could not be effected in the usual and accustomed Manner upon any Fisherman, or his Surety or Sureties named in any Note or Security, but that a true Copy of such. Process had been affixed, Fourteen Days at the least before the Day appointed for, - the

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Expences at Petty Sessions shall not exceed those under Irish Act of S6 G.3.

Commissioners may make Con* tracts or Advances, to be completed or repaid after 5th April 1880.

9 G.4.C.S1.

C. 83, 84.

the Party or Parties to appear, upon the Door or some other conspicuous Part of the House or usual or last known Place of Residence of the Person or Persons so to be sued respectively as aforesaid, and upon the Door of the Parish Church in which such House or Place of Residence shall be situate, and upon the Door of the Roman Catholic Chapel, if any there shall be in such Parish, and that the same had remained so affixed there for One Hour at least between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon and Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, it shall and may be lawful for such Assistant Barrister or Justices respectively to hear and determine any such Suit as aforesaid, although the Defendant or Defendants shall not appear.

III. And be it further enacted, That any Costs of Proceedings at Petty Sessions attendant on the Recovery of the Money secured by Promissory Notes or Securities, shall not exceed the Rate of Charge established for Suitors by Civil Bill before Assistant Barristers under an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-sixth Year of His said late Majesty, for the better and more convenient Administration of Justice, and for the Recovery of Small Debts in a summary Way at the Sessions of the Peace; and that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of the Irish Fisheries to make special Agreements with any Attorney or Attornies, or other legal Assistant or Assistants, for the Expence of the Recovery of the sums secured by any such Promissory Notes or Securities, not exceeding the Amount of the Fees payable under the said recited Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Irish Fisheries, so far as the Extent of the Funds vested in them for the Encouragement of the said Fisheries will admit thereof, to enter into any Contracts for the Erection of any Piers, or for the Advance or Repayment of any Loans under the said recited Acts, although the Time necessary for the Completion of such Works, or for the Repayment of such Loans, may extend to a Period beyond the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and Thirty; any Thing in the said Acts, or in any other Act or Acts relating to the said Fisheries, or to the Duration of the said Acts or any of them, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for consolidating and amending the Statutes in Ireland relating to Offences against the Person.

[4th June 1829.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Statutes in England relative to Offences against the Person; and it is expedient that Provision should be made in Ireland for the like Purposes, and that the Statutes now in Force in Ireland relating to such Offences should be repealed, and that the Provisions thereof should be consolidatedx and amended; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That this present Act, and

A.D. 1869. 10° GEO. IV. C. 34.

the several Matters herein contained, shall extend to Ireland, and not to England, Wales, or Scotland; and that this Act shall commence and take effect in Ireland on the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine; and that the several Statutes and Acts, and Parts of Statutes and Acts, hereinafter next mentioned, shall continue in Force in Ireland until and throughout the said First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, and no longer; and that from and after the said First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, the several Statutes and Acts, and Parts of Statutes and Acts, hereinafter next mentioned, specified, and set forth, shall cease and determine, and shall be repealed (except only so far as is hereinafter expressed and provided for); that is to say, the several Statutes and Acts, and Parts of Statutes and Acts, passed in the Parliament of England, hereinafter specified and set forth, and which, by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Tenth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Seventh, intituled An Act confirming aU the Statutes made in England, are in Force in Ireland; namely, so much of the Great Charter made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Third, as relates to Inquisitions of Life or Member; and so much of a Statute made in the Fifty-second Year of the same Reign, as relates to Murder; and so much of a Statute made in the Third Year of the Reign of King Edward the First, as relates to Inquests of Murder, and the Writ of Odio et Atia, and to any Person ravishing or taking away by Force any Female as therein mentioned; and so much of a Statute made in the Fourth Year of the same Reign, intituled The Statute of Bigamy, as relates to Bigamists; and so much of a Statute made in the Sixth Year of the same Reign, as relates to any Person killing another by Misfortune, or in his own Defence, or in other Manner without Felony; and so much of a Statute made at Westminster in the Thirteenth Year of the same Reign, as relates to the Writ of Odio et Ati& and to Rape; and so much of a Statute made in the Ninth Yeas of the Reign of King Edward the Second, commonly called Articuli Clerif as relates to laying violent Hands on a Clerk; and so much of a Statute made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of King Edward the Third, as relates to Bigamists; and so much of a Statute made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the same Reign, as relates to Petit Treason; and so much of a Statute made in the Fiftieth Year of the same Reign, as relates to the Arrest of Persons of Holy Church; and so much of an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of King Richard the Second, as relates to the like Arrests; and so much of a Statute made in the Sixth Year of the same Reign, as relates to Ravishers and to Women ravished; and so much of a Statute made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Fourth, as relates to cutting the Tongues or putting out the Eyes of any of the King's liege People, and to any Assault upon the Servant of a Knight of the Shire in Parliament; and so much of a Statute made in the Second Year of the Reign of King Henry the Fifth, as relates to Persons fleeing for Murders, Manslaughters, Robberies, and Batteries; and so much of a Statute made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King Henry the Sixth, as relates to any Assault or Affray made to any Lord,

191

Act to extend to Ireland only, and to commence on Sept. 1. 1829.

Acts of English, Irish, and United Parliaments in Force, repealed; viz.

English Acts (extended to Ireland by 10 H.7. (I.) c. 22.):

9 H.S. c. 26.

52 H.S. c. 25.

3 E.l. c. 11. & IS.

4 E.l. stS. c. 5.

6 E.l. c. 9.

IS E.l. st.1. c. 29. &S4.

9 E.2. at.I.

C.S.

18 E.3. stS. c. 2.

25 E.S. at5. Part of c. 2.

50 E.S. c. 5. 1 R.2. c. 15.

6 R.2. st.l.

c. 6.

5 H.4. c. 5. 5 H.4. c. 6.

2 H.5. tl. c. 9.

11 H.6. c, 11.

\92

s H.7. c, 2.

3 H.7. c. 14. Irish Acts:

28 H. 6. c. 3.

8 E.4. c. I.

10 H.7. c.ll. s.l.

28 Eliz. c. 2.

11, 18, &

13 Jac.l. c. 3.

lOCar.l. st.2. c. 20.

10 Car. 1. st. 2. c. 21.

10 Car.l. st.S. c. 17.,

15 Car.l. c. 9.

7 W. 3. c.ll. ' 6 Ann* c. 16.

9 Ann, c. 6. s.2.

12 G.l. c. 3. s.5.

C. 34. 10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Knight of the Shire, Citizen, or Burgess being and attending at the Parliament or other Council of the King; and an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Seventh, inti-, tuled An Act against taking away of Women against their Wills; and an Act passed in the same Year, intituled An Act that the Steward, Treasurer, and Controller of the Kings House shall inquire of Offences done within the same; and also the following Statutes and Acts, and Parts of Statutes and Acts passed in the Parliament of Ireland; (that is to say,) an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Sixth, intituled An Act that it shall be lawful to every liege Man to kill or take notorious Thieves, and Thieves found robbing, spoiling, or breaking Houses, or taken with the Manner; and also an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King Edward the Fourth, intituled An Act concerning Rape; and so much of an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Seventh, intituled An Act that no Person take any Money or Amends for the Death or Murder of his Friend or Kinsman other than the Kings Laws will, as relates to the Payment of any Assault or Amends; and an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act against Witchcraft and Sorceries and an Act passed in the Eleventh, Twelfth, and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of King James the First, intituled An Act for the taking away of Clergie in certain Cases of Felonie, and for Deliverie of Clearlces convict without Purgation; and an Act passed in the Second Session of the Tenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the First, intituled An Act for the Punishment of the Vice of Buggery; and an Act passed in the same Year of the same Reign, intituled An Act for the restrayning of all Persons from Marriage until their former Wives and former Husbands be dead; and an Act passed in the Third Session of the same Year, intituled An Act for the Punishment of such as shall take away Maydens that be Inheritors, being within the Age of Sixteen Years, or marry them without the Consent of their Parents; and an Act passed in the Fifteenth Year of the same Reign, intituled An Act to discharge and free true Men from all Forfeitures for killing such as attempt to rob or murther them; and an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled An Act to take. away the Benefit of Clergy from him that doth stab another not having a Weapon drawn; and an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the more effectual preventing the taking away and marrying Children against the Wills of their Parents or Guardians; and so much of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the same Reign, intituled An Act for taking away the Benefit of Clergy in certain Cases, and for taking away the Book in all Cases, and for repealing. Part of the Statute for transporting Felons, as relates to the Offence of having carnal Knowledge of any Female Child; and so much of an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled An Act to prevent Marriages by degraded Clergymen and Popish Priestsf and for preventing Marriages consummated from being avoided by Pre-contracts, and for the more effectual punishing of Bigamy, as relates to the Offence of Bigamy; and an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George

A.D. 1829.

10° GEO. IV. C. 34.

19S

George the Second, intituled An Act to prevent malicious maiming, 11 G, 2. c. 8. and wounding, ara? to prevent carrying secret Arms; and so much of an Act passed in the Nineteenth Year of the same Reign, intituled An Act for annulling all Marriages to be celebrated by 19 G.2. c. 13. any Popish Priest between Protestant and Protestant and between 2. Protestant and Papist, and to amend and make more effectual an Act passed in this Kingdom, in the sixth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled 1 An Act for the more effectual 6 Ann. c. 16.

preventing the taking away and marrying Children against the

i Wills of their Parents or Guardians, as relates to any Offenders

thereby declared to be Felons; and so much of an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled

An Act for punishing such Persons as shall do Injuries and Vio-< ll G.s. c. 7.

lences to the Persons or Properties of His Majesty's Subjects, with 8, 1» 2* P8111?- .

Intent to hinder the Exportation iff Corn, as relates to any Person

who shall beat, wound, or use any other Violence to any Person or

Driver, and so much thereof as makes any Second such Offence

Felony; and an Act passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth

Years of the Reign of King George the Third,

[13 & 14 G. 3. c. 45.]

intituled An Act to prevent malicious cutting and wounding, and to punish Offenders called Chalkers; and so much of an Act passed in the Nineteenth

and Twentieth Years of the same Reign,

[19 & 20 G.s.

intituled An Act to pre-

vent Combinations, and for the further Encouragement of Trade, as c19- Part of

relates to any maiming or wounding, or to the Offence of horsing, 8*5 *

colting, carrying in Procession, or endangering the Life of any Person; and so much of an Act passed in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of the same Reign, intituled An Act for the

23 & 24 G.s.

Amendment of the Law in relation to the Salvage iff Ships and c*48* 8-7,

Goods stranded, or in danger of perishing at Sea, as relates to any

Assault, beating, or wounding; and an Act passed in the Thirty -

first Year of the same Reign, intituled An Act to prevent the horrid si G.s. c. 17.

Crime of Murder, and to repeal an Act passed in the Tenth Year except s 10.

of King Henry the Seventh, intituled An Act to make Murder of

Malice prepensed Treason, and for repealing an Act made in the Ninth Year of Queen Anne, intituled i An Act for bringing an Ap- 9 Ann. c. 4.

peal in case of Murder, notwithstanding the Statute iff King Henry

the Seventh, whereby Murder is made High Treason, save so much thereof as relates to Rescues or Attempts to rescue; and an Act passed in the Thirty-Sixth Year of the same Reign, intituled An se G.s. c. 27. Act to make conspiring to murder Felony without Benefit of Clergy; and so much of an Act passed in the same Year, intituled An Act s6 G.s. c.si. for'discontinuing the Judgment which has been required by Law to be given against Women convicted of certain Crimes, and substituting another Judgment in lieu thereof, as relates to Petit Treason; and an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the same Reign, intituled An Act to amend an Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of 38 G.s. c. 57. His present Majesty, intituled An Act to make conspiring to murder Felony without Benefit of Clergy; 9 and also the following Sta- Acts of the Autes and Acts, and Parts of Statutes and Acts, made in the Par- United Parliament of the United Kingdom; that is to say, an Act passed in, iament? the Forty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the further Prevention of malicious shooting 43 G.s. c. 5S. and attempting to discharge loaded Fire Arms, stabbing, wounding, poisoning, and the malicious using of Means to procure the Mis-10 Geo. JV. O carriage

194

C.S4.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

54 G.3. c. 101.

54 G.3. c. 181. except s. 1 & 2.

55 G.3. c. 88.

1 G.4. c. 90.

8. 2.

1 & 2 G.4. c. 88. s.2.

3 G.4. c. 38.

7 G.4. c. 9.

All continuing Acts repealed.

Petit Treason to be treated in all Respects as Murder.

carriage of Women, and also the malicious setting Fire to Buildings; and also for repealing a certain Act made in England in the Twenty-first Year of the late King James the First, intituled 1 An Act to prevent the destroying and murdering of Bastard Children/ and also an Act made in Ireland in the Sixth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, also intituled An Act to prevent the destroying and murdering of Bastard Children and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof; and an Act passed in the Fifty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Child-stealing; and an Act passed in the same Year, intituled An Act to render more easy and effectual Redress for Assaults in Ireland (save only so far as the said Act relates to Proceedings by Civil Bill); and an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the same Reign, to amend the said last-mentioned Act; and so much of an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to remove Doubts and to remedy Dtfects in the Law, with respect to certain Offences committed upon the Sea or under the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty, as refers to the Act of the Forty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, herein-before mentioned; and so much of an Act passed in the First and Second Years of the present Reign, intituled An Act for the Amendment of the Law if Rescue, as relates to the Offences of assaulting, beating, and wounding therein mentioned; and an Act passed in the Third Year of the present Reign, intituled An Act for the further and more adequate Punishment if Persons convicted of Manslaughter, and if Servants convicted of robbing their Masters, and of Accessories before the Fact to Grand Larceny and certain other Felonies; and so much of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the present Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the more effectual Punishment of certain Offences in Ireland with hard Labour, as relates to any Assault; and the several herein-before recited Statutes and Acts, and Parts of Statutes and Acts, are hereby repealed accordingly, so far as relates to Ireland, and to Offences committed within the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty of Ireland; save and except so far as any of the said Statutes and Acts, or Parts of Statutes and Acts respectively, or any of them, may repeal the Whole or any Part of any other Act or Acts; and save and except as to Offences committed before or upon the said First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, which shall be dealt with and punished as if this Act had not been passed.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Acts and Parts of Acts continuing or perpetuating any of the Statutes or Acts, or Parts of Statutes or Acts, herein-before repealed, so far only as relate to such Continuation or Perpetuation, from and after the said First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

III. And be it enacted, That every Offence which before the Commencement of this Act would have amounted to Petit Treason shall be deemed to be Murder only, and no greater Offence; and all Persons guilty in respect thereof, whether as Principals or as Accessories, shall be dealt with, indicted, tried, and punished as Principals and Accessories in Murder.

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C.S4. 195

IV. And be it enacted, That every Person convicted of Mur- Punishment of

der, or of being an Accessory before the Fact to Murder, shall Principals and suffer Death as a Felon; and every Accessory after the Fact to m

Murder shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be u er* transported beyond the Seas for Life, or to be imprisoned with

or without hard Labour in the Common Gaol or House of Correction for any Time not exceeding Four Years.

V. And be i$ enacted, That every person convicted of Murder Period of Exe-shall be executed according to Law on the Day next but One after cution and that on which the Sentence shall be passed, unless the same shall fj"*8 of In" happen to be Sunday, and in that Case on the Monday following; y#

and the Body of every Murderer shall, after Execution, either

be dissected or hung in Chains, as to the Court shall seem meet;

and Sentence shall be pronounced immediately after the Con- Sentence to be

viction of every Murderer, unless the Court shall see reasonable pronounced

Cause for postponing the same; and such Sentence shall express, immediate y#

not only the usual Judgment of Death, but also the Time hereby

appointed for the Execution thereof, and that the Body of the

Offender shall be dissected or hung in Chains, whichsoever of the

Two the Court shall order: Provided always, that after such Sen- Power to re-

tence shall have been pronounced it shall be lawful for the Court sPite *

or Judge to stay the Execution thereof, if such Court or Judge

shall so think fit.

VI. And be it enacted, That whenever Dissection shall be or- Dissection of dered by such Sentence, the Body of the Murderer, if executed

in the County of Dublin or in the County of the City of Dublin, u erers* shall be immediately conveyed by the Sheriff or Sheriffs, or his or their Officers, to the Hall of the Surgeons Company in the City of Dublin, or to such other Place as the said Company shall appoint, and shall be delivered to such Person as the said Company shall appoint, for the Purpose of being dissected; and the Body of the Murderer, if executed elsewhere, shall in like Manner be conveyed, for the Purpose of being dissected, to any School of Surgery in the County or Place in which such Execution shall take place, if there shall be such a School in such County or Place, and if not, then to the Hall of the Surgeons Company in the City of Dublin, or such other Place as the said Company shall appoint, in like Manner as if such Execution had taken place in the County of Dublin or in the County of the City of Dublin.

VII. And be it enacted, That every Person convicted of Murder Prison regula-shall, after Judgment, be confined in some safe Place within the 11810

Prison, apart from all other Prisoners, and shall be fed with Bread and Water only, and with no other Food or Liquor, except in case ence '

of receiving the Sacrament, or in case of any Sickness or Wound, in which Case the Surgeon of the Prison may order other Necessaries to be administered; and no Person but the Gaoler and his Servants, and the Chaplain and Surgeon of the Prison, shall have Access to any such Convict, without the Permission in Writing of the Court or Judge before whom such Convict shall have been tried, or of the Sheriff or his Deputy: Provided always, that in case the Court or Judge shall think fit to respite the Execution of such Convict, such Court or Judge may by a Licence in Writing release, during the Period of the Respite, all or any of

196

A.D. 1829.

Conspiring to murder, a Capital Felony.

Solicitation to murder,

Capital.

Murder or Manslaughter committed Abroad may be tried in Ireland.

Provision for Trial of Murder and Manslaughter, where the Death or Cause of Death only happens in Ireland.

Punishment of Manslaughter.

As to Homicide not felonious.

C. 34. 10° GEO. IV.

the Restraints or Regulations herein-before directed to be Observed.

VIII. And be it enacted, That all Persons conspiring, confederating, and agreeing to murder any Person, shall be guilty of Felony, and being convicted thereof, shall suffer Death as Felons.

IX. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall solicit, encourage, persuade, or endeavour to persuade, or who shall propose to any Person to murder any other Person, shall be guilty of Felony, and being convicted thereof, shall suffer Death as a Felon.

X. And be it enacted, That if any of His Majesty's Subjects shall be charged in Ireland with any Murder or Manslaughter, or with being accessory before the Fact to any Murder, or after the Fact to any Murder or Manslaughter, the same being respectively committed on Land out of the United Kingdom, whether within the King's Dominions or without, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of the County or Place where the Person so charged shall be, to take cognizance of the Offence so charged, and to proceed therein as if the same had been committed within the Limits of his ordinary Jurisdiction; and if any 'Person so charged shall be committed for Trial, or admitted to Bail to answer such Charge, the Offence so charged may be dealt with, inquired of, tried, determined, and punished in the County or Place in which such Person shall be so charged, in the same Manner in all Respects as if such Offence had been committed in that County or Place; provided that nothing herein contained shall prevent any Person from being tried in any Place out of Ireland, in the same Manner as such Person might have been tried before the passing of this Act.

XL. And be it enacted, That where any Person being feloniously stricken, poisoned, or otherwise hurt upon the Sea, or at any Place out of Ireland, shall die of such Stroke, Poisoning, or Hurt in Ireland, or, being feloniously stricken, poisoned, or otherwise hurt at any Place in Ireland, shall die of such Stroke, Poisoning, or Hurt upon the Sea, or at any Place out of Ireland, every Offence committed in respect of any such Case, whether the same shall amount to the Offence of Murder or of Manslaughter, or of being accessory before the Fact to Murder, or after the Fact to Murder or Manslaughter, may be dealt with, inquired of, tried, determined, and punished in the County or Place in Ireland in which such Death, Stroke, Poisoning, or Hurt shall happen, in the same Manner in all Respects as if such Offence had been wholly committed in that County or Place.

XII. And be it enacted, That eve*y Person convicted of Manslaughter shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for Life, or for any Term not less than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned, with or without hard Labour, in the Common Gaol or House of Correction, for any Term not exceeding Four Years, or to pay such Fine as the Court shall award; and it shall be lawful for the Court to direct that the Offender shall be kept in solitary Confinement during the Whole or any Portion or Portions of such Imprisonment, or Imprisonment with hard Labour.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Punishment or Forfeiture shall be incurred -by any Person who shall kill another

10° GEO. IV;

197

A.D. 1829.

C. 34.

other by Misfortune, or in his own Defence, or in any other Manned without Felony.

XIV. And be it enacted, That if any Person unlawfully and maliciously shall administer or attempt to administer to any Person, or shall cause to be taken by any Person, any Poison or destructive Thing, or shall unlawfully and maliciously attempt to drown, suffocate, or strangle any Person, or shall unlawfully and maliciously shoot at any Person, or shall by drawing a Trigger, or in any other Manner, unlawfully and maliciously attempt to discharge any Kind of loaded Arms at any Person, or shall unlawfully and maliciously stab, cut, or wound any Person either with a sharp or a blunt Weapon or Instrument, and whether such wounding shall be by cutting, stabbing, or by Contusion, or shall unlawfully and maliciously throw or cast at or upon or otherwise apply to any Person any corrosive or noxious Liquid or Substance, with Intent, in any of the Cases aforesaid, to murder such Person, every such Offender, and every Person counselling, aiding, or abetting such Offender, shall be guilty of Felony, and being convicted thereof, shall suffer Death as a Felon.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person unlawfully and maliciously shall shoot at any Person, or shall by drawing a Trigger, or in any other Manner, unlawfully and maliciously attempt to discharge any Kind of loaded Arms at any Person, or shall unlawfully and maliciously stab, cut, or wound any Person, whether such wounding shall be with a sharp or with a blunt Instrument, and whether by cutting or Contusion, or shall unlawfully and maliciously throw or cast at or upon or otherwise apply to any Person any corrosive or noxious Liquid or Substance, with Intent, in any of the Cases aforesaid, to maim, disfigure, or disable such Person, or to do some other grievous bodily Harm to such Person, or with Intent to resist the lawful Apprehension or Detainer of the Party so offending, or of any of his Accomplices, for any Offence for which he or they may respectively be liable by Law to be apprehended or detained, every such Offender, and every Person counselling, aiding, or abetting such Offender, shall be guilty of Felony, and being convicted thereof, shall suffer Death as a Felon: Provided always, that in case it shall appear, on the Trial of any Person indicted for any of the Offences above specified, that such Acts of shooting, or of attempting to discharge loaded Arms, or of stabbing, cutting, or wounding, or throwing, casting, or applying any corrosive or noxious Liquid or Substance as aforesaid, were committed under such Circumstances that if Death had ensued therefrom the same would not in Law have amounted to the Crime of Murder, in every such Case the Person so indicted shall be acquitted of Felony.

XVI. And be it enacted, That if any Person, with Intent to procure the Miscarriage of any Woman then being quick with Child, unlawfully and maliciously shall administer to her, or cause? to be taken by her, any Poison or other noxious Thing, or shall use any Instrument or other Means whatever with the like Intent, every such Offender, and every Person counselling, aiding, or abetting such Offender, shall be guilty of Felony, and being convicted thereof shall suffer Death as a Felon; and if any Person with the Intent, tp procure the Miscarriage of any Woman not

O S being

Attempts to murder, when evidenced by certain Acts, Capital.

Shooting at, or stabbing, cutting, or wounding, &c. any Person, with Intent to maim, &c. Capital.

[Proviso.]

Administering Poison, or using Means to procure the Miscarriage of a Woman quick with Child.

The like as to a Woman not

C. 34.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

quick with Child.

Woman disposing of the dead Body of her Child, to conceal the Birth, guilty of a Misdemeanor.

Proviso,

Sodomy.

Rape.

Carnal Knowledge of a Girl under 10, Death; above 10 and under 12, a Misdemeanor.

What shall be sufficient Proof of carnal Knowledge in the Four preceding Cases.

being or not being proved to be then quick with Child, unlawfully and maliciously shall administer to her, or cause to be taken by her, any Medicine or other Thing, or shall use any Instrument or other Means whatever, with the like Intent, every such Offender, and every Person counselling, aiding, or abetting such Offender, shall be guilty of Felony, and being convicted thereof, shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years nor less than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned, with or without hard Labour, in the Common Gaol or House of Correction, for any Term not exceeding Three Years, and, if a Male, to be Once, Twice, or Thrice publicly whipped (if the Court shall so think fit), in Addition to such Imprisonment.

XVII. And be it enacted, That if any Woman shall be delivered of a Child, and shall, by secret burying or otherwise disposing of the dead Body of the said Child, endeavour to conceal the Birth thereof, every such Offender shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and being convicted thereof, shall be liable to be imprisoned, with or without hard Labour, in the Common Gaol or House of Correction, for any Term not exceeding Two Years; and it shall not be necessary to prove whether the Child died before, at, or after its Birth s Provided always, that if any Woman tried for the Murder of her Child shall be acquitted thereof, it shall be lawful for the Jury by whose Verdict she shall be acquitted to find, in case it shall so appear in Evidence, that she was delivered of a Child, and that she did, by such secret burying or otherwise disposing of the dead Body of such Child, endeavour to conceal the Birth thereof, and thereupon the Court may pass such Sentence as if she had been convicted upon an Indictment for Concealment of the Birth.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That every Person convicted of the abominable Crime of Buggery, committed either with Mankind or with any Animal, shall suffer Death as a Felon.

XIX. And be it enacted, That every Person convicted of the Crime of Rape shall suffer Death as a Felon.

XX. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall unlawfully and carnally know and abuse any Girl under the Age of Ten Years, every such Offender shall be guilty of Felony, and being convicted thereof, shall suffer Death as a Felon; and if any Person shall unlawfully and carnally know and abuse any Girl, being above the Age of Ten Years and under the Age of Twelve Years, every such Offender shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and being convicted thereof, shall be liable to be imprisoned, with or without hard Labour, in the Common Gaol or House of Correction, for such Term as the Court shall award.

XXI. And Whereas upon Trials for the Crimes of Buggery (and Rape, and of carnally abusing Girls under the respective Ages herein-before mentioned, Offenders frequently escape by reason of the Difficulty of the Proof which has been required of the Completion of these several Crimes; for Remedy thereof, be it enacted, That it shall not be necessary -in any of those Cases to prove the actual Emission of Seed in order to constitute a carnal Knowledge, but that the carnal Knowledge shall be deemed complete upon Proof of Penetration only.

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 34. 199

XXII. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall by Force Forcible Ab-take or carry away any Woman or Girl against her Consent, with duction of Intent that such Person or any other Person shall marry or defile Won, en' her, every such Offender, and every Accessory before the Fact to

such Offence, shall be guilty of Felony, and being convicted thereof, shall suffer Death as a Felon; and every Accessory after the Fact to such Offence shall be guilty of Felony, and being convicted thereof, shall be liable to be transported beyond the Seas for Life or for any Term not less than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned, with or without hard Labour, for any Term not exceeding Three Years.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That when any unmarried Girl under Abduction of

the Age of Eighteen Years shall have any Interest, whether legal ".unmarried or equitable, present or future, absolute, conditional, or con- Y^no^Aze. tingent, in any Real or Personal Estate, or shall be an Heiress 8

presumptive or next of Kin to any One having such Interest, if

any Person shall fraudulently allure, take, or convey away, or cause to be allured, taken, or conveyed away, such Girl out of the Possession and against the Will of her Father or Mother, or of any other Person having the lawful Care or Charge of her, and shall contract Matrimony with her, or shall defile her, every such Offender shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and being convicted thereof, shall be liable to such Imprisonment, not exceeding the Term of Three Years, as the Court shall award, and shall be incapable of taking any Estate or Interest, legal or equitable, in any Real or Personal Property of such Girl; and such Property shall, upon such Conviction, be vested, from the Time of such Marriage, in such Trustees as the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal in Ireland shall appoint, for the sole and separate Use of such Girl, in the like Manner as if such Marriage had not taken place.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall unlawfully Abduction of take or cause to be taken any unmarried Girl under the Age of a° unmarried Sixteen Years, out of the Possession and against the Will of her Gu-1 under Six-Father or Mother, or of any other Person having the lawful Care teen"

or Charge of her, every such Offender shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and being convicted thereof, shall be liable to suffer such Punishment, by Fine or Imprisonment, or by both, as the Court shall award.

XXV. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall maliciously, Quid-stealing, either by Force or Fraud, lead or take away, or decoy or entice

away, or detain any Child under the Age of Ten Years, with Intent to deprive the Parent or Parents, or any other Person having the lawful Care or Charge of such Child, of the Possession of such Child, or with Intent to steal any Article upon or about the Person of such Child, to whomsoever such Article may belong; or if any Person shall, with any such Intent as aforesaid, receive or harbour any such Child, knowing the same to have been by Force or Fraud led, taken, decoyed, enticed away, or detained, as herein-before mentioned; every such Offender, and every Person counselling, aiding, or abetting such Offender, shall be guilty of Felony, and being convicted thereof, shall be liable to be transported beyond the Seas for the Term of Seven Years, or to be imprisoned, with or without hard Labour, in the Common Gaol or

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Not to extend to Fathers of illegitimate Children.

Bigamy.

Place of Trial.

Exceptions.

Arrest of Clergyman during Divine Service.

Assaults arising from Combination.

Violent Assaults.

House of Correction, for any Term not exceeding Two Years, and, if a Male, to be Once, Twice, or Thrice publicly or privately whipped (if the Court shall so think fit), in Addition to such Imprisonment: Provided always, that no Person who shall have claimed to be the Father of an illegitimate Child, or to have any Right to the Possession of such Child, shall be liable to be prosecuted by virtue hereof, on account of his getting Possession of such Child, or taking such Child out of the Possession of the Mo* ther, or any other Person having the lawful Charge thereof.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That if any Person, being married, shall marry any other Person during the Life of the former Husband or Wife, whether the Second Marriage shall have taken place in Ireland or elsewhere, every such Offender shall be guilty of Felony, and being convicted thereof, shall be liable to be transported beyond the Seas for the Term of Seven Years, or to be imprisoned, with or without hard Labour, in the Common Gaol or House of Correction, for any Term not exceeding Two Years; and any such Offence may be dealt with, inquired of, tried, determined, and punished in the County where the Offender shall be apprehended or be in Custody, as if the Offence had been actually committed in that County: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to any Second Marriage contracted out of Ireland by any other than a Subject of His Majesty, or to any Person marrying a Second Time whose Husband or Wife shall have been continually absent from such Person for the Space of Seven Years then last past, and shall not have been known by such Person to be living within that Time, or shall extend to any Person who at the Time of such Second Marriage shall have been divorced from the Bond of the First Marriage, or to any Person whose Marriage shall have been declared void by the Sentence of any Court of competent Jurisdiction.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall arrest any Clergyman upon any Civil Process while he shall be performing Divine Service, or shall, with the Knowledge of such Person, be going to perform the same, or returning from the Performance thereof, every such Offender shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor *, and being convicted thereof shall suffer such Punishment, by Fine or Imprisonment, -or by both, as the Court shall award.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall, in consequence of any unlawful Combination or Conspiracy respecting any Trade, Business, or Manufacture, or respecting any Person concerned or employed therein, unlawfully and maliciously assault any Person with Intent to do to such Person any grievous bodily Harm, every such Offender shall be liable to be transported be^-yond the Seas for the Term of Seven Years, or to be imprisoned, with or without hard Labour, in the Common Gaol or House of Correction, for any Term not exceeding Three Years, and, if a Male, to be Once, Twice, or Thrice privately whipped (if the Court shall think fit), in Addition to such Imprisonment.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall unlawfully and maliciously assault, beat, or wound any Person, so as thereby to endanger the Life of such Person, or so as thereby to inflict upon such Person any grievous bodily Harm, every such Offender^ being convicted thereof, shall be liable to be transported beyond

A.D. 1829.

10° GEO. IV.

201

C.S4v

the. Seas for the Term of Seven Years, or to be imprisoned, with or without hard Labour, in the Common Gaol or House of Correction, for any Term not exceeding Three Years, and, if a Male, to be Once, Twice, or Thrice publicly or privately whipped, in Addition to such Imprisonment, if the Court shall think fit.

XXX. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall assault and strike or wound any Magistrate, Officer, or other Person whatsoever lawfully authorized, on account of the Exercise of his Duty in or concerning the Preservation of any Vessel in Distress, or of any Vessel, Goods, or Effects wrecked or stranded or cast on Shore, or lying under Water, every such Offender, being convicted thereof, shall be liable to be transported beyond the Seas for the Term of Seven Years, or to be imprisoned, with or without hard Labour, in the Common Gaol or House of Correction, for such Term as the Court shall award.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That where any Person shall be charged with and convicted of any of the following Offences or Misdemeanors; that is to say, of any Assault with Intent to commit Felony; of any Assault upon any Peace Officer or Revenue Officer in the due Execution of his Duty, or upon any Person acting in Aid of such Officer; of any Assault upon any Person with Intent to resist or prevent the lawful Apprehension or Detainer of the Party so assaulting, or of any other Person for any Offence for which he or they may be liable by Law to be apprehended or detained; in any such Case the Court may sentence the Offender to be imprisoned, with or without hard Labour, in the Common Gaol or House of Correction, for any Term not exceeding Two Years, and may also (if the Court shall so think fit) fine the Offender, and require him to find Sureties for keeping the Peace.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall beat, wound, or use any other Violence to any Person with Intent to deter or hinder him from selling or buying any Wheat or other Grain, Flour, Meal, Malt, or Potatoes, in any Market or other Place, or shall beat, wound, or use any other Violence to any Person having the Care or Charge of any Wheat or other Grain, Flour, Meal, Malt, or Potatoes, whilst on the Way to or from any City, Market Town, or other Place, with Intent to stop the Conveyance of the same, every such Offender may be convicted thereof before Two Justices of the Peace, and imprisoned and iept to hard Labour in the Common Gaol or House of Correction for any Term not exceeding Three Calendar Months: Provided always, that no Person, who shall be punished for any such Offence by virtue of this Provision, shall be punished for the same Offence by virtue of any other Law whatsoever.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That where any Person shall be convicted on any Indictment for an Assault, whether with or without Battery and wounding, or either of them, such Person may, if the Court shall so think fit, in Addition to the Judgment which shall be considered proper for the Offence, be ordered and adjudged to pay to the Prosecutor his actual and necessary Costs and Expences of Prosecution, and such moderate Allowance for the Loss of Time as the Court shall by Affidavit or other Inquiry and Examination ascertain to be reasonable; and unless the Sum

Assaults on Officers, &c. for endeavouring to save shipwrecked Property.

Certain Assaults punishable with hard Labour.

Assaults with Intent to prevent the Sale or Purchase of Grain.

On Conviction for Assault, Court may order Payment of Prosecutor's Costs.

C. 34.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1828.

Payment may be enforced by Distress of Offender* Goods.

Prosecutor a competent Witness.

Summary Punishment for common Assaults.

Such Certificate or Conviction shall be a Bar to any other Proceedings.

These Provisions not to ap-

so awarded shall be sooner paid, to be imprisoned for any Time not exceeding Three Months, in Addition to the Term of Imprisonment (if any) to which the Offender may be sentenced for the Offence.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Court, by Warrant under Hand and Seal, to order that such Sum as shall be so awarded shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, and paid to the Person prosecuting, and that the Surplus (if any) arising from such Sale shall be paid to the Owner; and in case such Sum shall be so levied, the Imprisonment awarded until Payment of such Sum shall thereupon cease.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That the Power hereby given to award such Compensation as aforesaid shall not prevent any Prosecutor from being a competent Witness on any Indictment.

XXXVI. And Whereas it is expedient that a summary Power of punishing Persons for common Assaults and Batteries should be provided under the Limitations hereinafter mentioned; Be it therefore enacted, That when any Person shall unlawfully assault or beat any other Person, it shall be lawful for Two Justices of the Peace, upon Complaint of the Party aggrieved, to hear and determine such Offence; and the Offender, upon Conviction thereof before them, shall forfeit and pay such Fine as shall appear to them to be meet, not exceeding, together with Costs (if ordered), the Sum of Five Pounds; which Fine shall be paid to the Treasurer or other proper Officer of the Infirmary of the County, City, Town, or Place wherein such Conviction shall take place, or in case there shall not be any Infirmary therein, then to the Treasurer or other proper Officer of such other public Charity therein as such Justices shall direct; and if such Fine as shall be awarded by the Justices, together with Costs (if ordered), shall not be paid, either immediately after the Conviction or within such Period as the said Justices shall at the Time of the Conviction appoint, it shall be lawful for them to commit the Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Two Calendar Months, unless such Fine and Costs be sooner paid; but if the Justices, upon the Hearing of any such Case of Assault or Battery, shall deem the Offence not to be proved, or shall find the Assault or Battery to have been justified, or so trifling as not to merit any Punishment, and shall accordingly dismiss the Complaint, they shall forthwith make out a Certificate under their Hands, stating the Fact of such Dismissal, and shall deliver such Certificate to the Party against whom the Complaint was preferred.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That if any Person against whom any such Complaint shall have been preferred for any common Assault or Battery shall have obtained such Certificate as aforesaid, or having been convicted shall have paid the whole Amount adjudged to be paid under such Conviction, or shall have suffered the Imprisonment awarded for Nonpayment thereof, in every such Case he shall be released from all further or other Proceedings, Civil or Criminal, for the same Cause.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the Justices shall find the Assault or Battery complained of to

have

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. S*.

208

have been accompanied by any Attempt to commit Felony, or shall be of Opinion that the same is, from any other Circumstance, a fit Subject for a Prosecution by Indictment, they shall abstain from any Adjudication thereupon, and shall deal with the Case in all Respects in the same Manner as they would have done before the passing of this Act: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall authorize any Justices of the Peace to hear and determine any Case of Assault or Battery in which any Question shall arise as to the Title to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Interest therein or accruing thereupon, or as to any Bankruptcy or Insolvency, or any Execution under the Process of any Court of Justice.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That if any Master of a Merchant Vessel shall, during his being Abroad, force any Man on Shore, or wilfully leave him behind in any of His Majesty's Colonies or elsewhere, or shall refuse to bring Home with him again all such of the Men whom he carried out with him as are in a Condition to return when he shall be ready to proceed on his Homeward-bound Voyage, every such Master shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be imprisoned for such Term as the Court shall award; and all such Offences may be prosecuted by Indictment or by Information, at the Suit of His Majesty's Attorney-General, in the Court of King's Bench, and may be alleged in the Indictment or Information to have been committed in the County of the City of Dublin; and the said Court is hereby authorized to issue One or more Commissions, if necessary, for the Examination of Witnesses Abroad; and the Depositions taken under the same shall be received in Evidence on the Trial of every such Indictment or Information.

XL. And be it enacted, That every Accessory before the Fact to any Felony punishable under this Act, for whom no Punishment has been herein-before provided, shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years nor less than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned, with or without hard Labour, in the Common Gaol or House of Correction, for any Term not exceeding Three Years; and every Accessory after the Fact to any Felony punishable under this Act, for whom no Punishment has been hereinbefore provided, shall be liable to be imprisoned, with or without hard Labour, in the Common Gaol or House of Correction, for any Term not exceeding Two Years; and every Person who shall counsel, aid, or abet the Commission of any Misdemeanor punishable under this Act shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished as a principal Offender.

XLI. And be it enacted, That all indictable Offences mentioned in this Act, which shall be committed within the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty of Ireland, shall be deemed to be Offences of the same Nature, and liable to the same Punishments, as if they had been committed upon the Land in Ireland, and may be dealt with, inquired of, tried, and determined in the same Manner as any Other Offences committed within the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty of Ireland: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall alter or affect any of the Laws relating to the Government of His Majesty's Land or Naval Forces.

ply to aggravated Assaults.

Punishment of Master of Merchant Vessel forcing a Seaman on Shore, or refusing to bring him Home.

Mode of Trial, &c.

Punishment of Accessories not before provided for.

Offences against this Act committed at Sea.

C. 34.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1823.

Provision for Offences punishable under this Act by summary Conviction.

Limitation of summary Proceedings.

Form of Conviction.

No Certiorari, &c.

XLII. And for the more effectual Prosecution of Offences punishable upon summary Conviction by virtue of this Act, be it enacted, That where any Person shall be charged on the Oath of a credible Witness, before any Justice of the Peace, with any such Offence, the Justice may summons the Person charged to appear before any Two Justices of the Peace at a Time and Place to be named in such Summons; and if he shall not appear accordingly, then (upon Proof of the due Service of the Summons upon such Person by delivering the same to him) the Justices may either proceed to hear and determine the Case ex parte, or may issue their Warrant for apprehending such Person and bringing him before them; or the Justice before whom the Charge shall be made may (if he shall so think fit) issue such Warrant, in the first Instance* without any previous Summons.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Prosecution for every Offence punishable on summary Conviction by virtue of this Act shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months after the Commission of the Offence, and not otherwise.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That the Justices before whom any Person shall be summarily convicted of any Offence against this Act may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect, as the Case shall require; (that is to say,)

ft remembered, That on the Day of in

* the Year of our Lord at in the County of

[or Riding, Division, Liberty, City, &c. as the

Case may So], A. O. is convicted before us [naming the Justices'],

Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County

[or Riding, &c.] 9 for that he the said A. 0. did [specify the

Offence, and the Time and Place when and where the same was

committed, as the Case may be]; and we the said Justices adjudge the said A. O. for his said Offence to be imprisoned in the and there kept to hard Labour for the Space of

[or, we adjudge the said A. 0. for his said Offence

to forfeit and pay the Sum of ] [here state the Amount of

i the Fine imposed], and also to pay the Sum of for Costs;

and in Default of immediate Payment of the said Sums, to be imprisoned in the for the Space of unless

the said Sums shall be sooner paid [or, and we order that the

said Sums shall be paid by the said A. O. on or before the

1 Day of J; and we direct that the said Sum

of [i. e. the Amount of the Fine] shall be paid to \

and we order that the said Sum of for Costs shall be paid to C.D. [the Party aggrieved.] Given under our Hands the Day 1 and Year first above mentioned. '

XLV. And be it enacted, That no such Conviction shall be quashed for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari or otherwise into any of His Majesty's superior Courts of Record; and no Warrant of Commitment shall be held void by reason of any Defect therein, provided it be therein alleged that the Party has been convicted, and there be a good and valid Conviction to sustain the same.

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 34, 36. 205

Not to affect any Acts relating to High Treason, or to the Revenue, or Combinations.

6 G.4. c. 129.

This Act not to affect certain Irish Statutes.

23 G.2. c.ll.

S G.S. c. 19.

15 & 16 G.S. c 21.

23 & 24 G.S. c. 20.

27 G. 3. c. 15.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall affect or alter any Act, so far as it relates to the Crime of High Treason, or to any Branch of the Public Revenue, or shall affect or alter any Act for the Prevention of Smuggling, or any Part of the Act passed in the Sixth Year of the present Reign, intituled An Act to repeal the Lam relating to the Combination of Workmen, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

XLVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall in any Manner affect or be deemed or construed to affect any of the Provisions contained in an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act to provide fot begging Children, and for the better Regulation of Charity Schools, and for taking up vagrant and offensive Beggars in the City of Dublin and Liberties thereof, and the Liberties thereto adjoining / or in an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for indemnifying all such Persons as have been or shall be aiding in the dispersing of Riots and apprehending the Rioters; or in an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of the same Reign, intituled An Act to prevent and punish tumultuous Risings of Persons within this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; or in an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of the same Reign, intituled An Act for the more effectually punishing such Persons as shall by Violence obstruct the Freedom of Com Markets and the Com Trade, and who shall be guilty of other Offences therein mentioned, and for making Satisfaction to the Parties injured; or in an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty-seventh Year of the same Reign, intituled An Act to prevent tumultuous Risings and Assemblies, and for the more effectual Punishment of Persons guilty of Outrage, Riot, illegal Combination, and of administering and taking unlawful Oaths.

---

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to prevent Arrests upon Mesne Process where the Debt or Cause of Action is under Twenty Pounds, and to regulate the Practice of Arrests, in Ireland.

[4th June 1829.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Parliament of the United Kingdom in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third,

[43 G. 3. c. 46.]

intituled An Act for the more effectual Prevention of frivolous and vexatious Arrests and Suits, and to authorize the levying of Poundage upon Executions in certain Cases, it was amongst other Things enacted, that from and after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three no Person should be arrested or held to Special Bail upon any Process issuing out of any Court within those Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England and Ireland, for a Cause of Action not originally amounting to such Sum for which such Person was by the Laws then in being

206 C. 35. 10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

liable to be arrested and held to Bail, over and above and exclusive of any Costs, Charges, and Expences that might have been incurred, recovered, or become chargeable in or about the suing for or recovering the same or any Part thereof: And Whereas by an Act passed in the same Year,

[43 G.3. c. 53.]

intituled An Act to render the Process of His Majesty's Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, in Personal Actions in Ireland, more beneficial, and also to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for enlarging the Time for Trials by Nisi Prius in the City and County of Dublin, and for making the Process of the Court of Exchequer more effectual, as relates to compelling the Appearance of Defendants in Personal Actions, it is amongst other Things enacted, that from and after the First Day of Michaelmas Term in the Year One thousand eight hundred and three no Person shall be held to Special Bail upon any Process issuing out of His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer, in that Part of the said United Kingdom called Ireland, where the Cause of Action shall not amount to the Sum of Ten Pounds or upwards, nor out of any inferior Court where the Cause of Action shall not amount to the Sum of Forty Shillings or upwards; and that in all Cases where the Cause of Action shall not amount to the Sum of Ten Pounds or upwards in any of the said superior Courts, or to Forty Shillings or upwards in any such inferior Courts (and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall proceed by Way of Process against the Person), he, she, or they shall not arrest or cause to be arrested the Body of the Defendant or Defendants, but shall serve him, her, or them personally with a Copy of the Process; and if such Defendant or Defendants shall not appear at the Return of the Process, or within Eight Days after such Return, in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, upon Affidavit being made and filed in the proper Court of the personal Service of such Process as aforesaid (which said Affidavit shall be filed gratis), to enter a Common Appearance or file Common Bail for the Defendant or Defendants, and to proceed thereon as if such Defendant or Defendants had entered his, her, or their Appearance, or filed Common Bail; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: And Whereas it is expedient to extend and render more effectual the Provisions of the said recited Acts; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[No Person to be held to Bail where Cause of Action does not amount to 20l.]

That from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine no Person shall be held to Special Bail upon any Process issuing out of any Court in Ireland, where the Cause of Action shall not have originally amounted to the Sum of Twenty Pounds or upwards, over and above and exclusive of any Costs, Charges, and Expences that may have been incurred, recovered, or become chargeable in or about the suing for or recovering the same or any Part thereof? and that in all Cases where the Cause of Action shall not amount

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 35. 207

to Twenty Pounds or upwards, exclusive of such Costs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall proceed by the Way of Process against the Person, he, she, or they shall not arrest or cause to be arrested the Body of the Defendant or Defendants, but shall serve him, her, or them personally with a Copy of the Process and Proceedings thereupon, in such Manner as by the said last recited Act of the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third is provided in Cases where the Cause of Action shall not amount to Ten Pounds or upwards in any superior Court, or to Forty Shillings or upwards in any inferior Court; and that where the Cause of Action in any Court shall not amount to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, exclusive of such Costs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, no Special Writ or Writs, nor any Process specially therein expressing the Cause or Causes of Action, shall from and after the said First Day of August be sued forth or issued from any Court, in order to compel any Person or Persons to appear thereon in such Court; and all Proceedings and Judgments that shall from and after the said First Day of August be had on any such Writ or Process shall be and are hereby declared to be void and of no Effect.

[Defendant discharged from Arrest upon making Deposit with the Sheriff, pursuant to 43 G. 3. c. 46. may, instead of perfecting Special Bail, allow the Deposit to be paid into Court;]

II. And Whereas by the said first-recited Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, Persons arrested upon Mesne Process were enabled, in lieu of giving Bail to the Sheriff, to deposit in the Hands of the Sheriff the Sum indorsed upon the Writ, together with Ten Pounds in Addition to such Sum to answer the Costs which might accrue up to the Time of the Return of the Writ, and also such further Sum, if any, as should have been paid for the King's Fine upon any original Writ, and should thereupon be discharged from such Arrest: And Whereas it is expedient to extend the Provisions of the said last-mentioned Act, and to enable Persons

who have been arrested to deposit or pay into the Court in which the Writ shall be returnable the Sum indorsed upon the Writ, together with an additional Sum as a Security for Costs, to abide the Event of the Suit, instead of putting in and perfecting Bail in the said Action; Be it therefore enacted, That in all Cases in which any Defendant shall have been discharged from Arrest, upon making such Deposit as is required by the said last-mentioned Act, and the Sum so deposited shall have been paid into Court, it shall be lawful for such Defendant, instead of putting in and perfecting Special Bail in the Action, according to the Course and Practice of the Court, to allow the Sum so deposited with the Sheriff and by him paid into Court as aforesaid, together with the additional Sum of Ten Pounds to be paid into Court by such Defendant as a further Security for the Costs of the Action, to remain in the Court to abide the Event of the Suit;

[or if be remains in Custody, or gives Bail to the Sheriff, he may pay the Debt into Court, with 20l. to answer Costs, and file Common Bail.]

and in all Cases where any Defendant shall have been arrested and shall have given Bail to the Sheriff, or shall have been arrested and remain in Custody, it shall be lawful for such last-mentioned Defendant, instead of putting in and perfecting Special Bail, to deposit and pay into the said Court the Sum indorsed upon the Writ, together with the Amount of the King's Fine, if any, upon the original Writ, and the further Sum of Twenty Pounds as a Security for the Costs of the Action, there to remain to abide the Event of the Suit; and

208 C. 35. 10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

thereupon the said Defendant may and he is hereby required to enter a Common Appearance or file Common Bail in the Action within such Time as he would have been required to have put in and perfected Special Bail in the Action, according to the Course of the said Court, or, in Default thereof, the Plaintiff in the Action is hereby empowered to enter such Common Appearance or file Common Bail for the said Defendant, and the Cause may proceed as if the Defendant had put in and perfected Special Bail; and in case Judgment in the said Action shall be given for the Plaintiff, be shall be entitled, by Order of the Court, upon Motion made for that Purpose, to receive the said Money so remaining in or so deposited or paid into the Court as aforesaid, or so much thereof as will be sufficient to satisfy the Sum recovered by the Judgment, and the Costs of the Application; and if Judgment be given in the said Action for the Defendant, or the Plaintiff discontinue his Suit, or be otherwise barred, or in case the Sum deposited and paid into Court be more than sufficient to satisfy the Plaintiff, the said Money so deposited or paid into Court, or so much thereof as shall remain, shall, by Order of the Court, upon Motion to be made for that Purpose, be repaid to such Defendant.

[Defendant may receive such Deposit and Payment out of Court upon perfecting Special Bail.]

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Defendant who hath made his Election to make such Deposit and Payment as aforesaid, at any Time in the Progress of the Cause before Issue joined in Law or Fact, or final or interlocutory Judgment signed, to receive the same out of Court, by Order of the said Court, upon putting in and perfecting Special Bail in the Cause, and Payment of such Costs to the Plaintiff as the said Court shall direct.

[Defendant who has perfected Special Bail may lodge Money in Court, and obtain Execution on the Bail-piece.]

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Defendant who shall have put in and perfected Special Bail in any Cause, upon Motion to the Court, in which the Action is brought, if the Court shall so think fit, to deposit and pay into Court the Sum which would have been deposited and paid in case the Defendant had originally elected so to do, together with such further Sum to answer the Costs as the Court may direct, to abide the Event of the said Suit, and to be disposed of in Manner aforesaid; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Court to direct a Common Appearance to be entered or Common Bail to be filed for the Defendant, and an Execution to be entered upon the Bail-piece in the said Cause.

[Repeal of Acts authorizing Arrests where Cause of Action amounts to less than 20l.]

V. And be it further enacted, That so. much of any Act or Acts heretofore passed for the Recovery of Debts within certain Districts and Jurisdictions, which may have authorized the Arrest and Imprisonment of Defendants when the Cause of Action amounts to less than Twenty Pounds, exclusive of such Costs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, shall be and the same is hereby, from and after the said First Day of August, repealed.

[Act to extend only to Ireland.]

VI. Provided always, That the Provisions of this Act shall extend only to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland.

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 36, 37. 209

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to continue until the End of the next Session of Parliament, and to amend the Acts for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland.

[4th June 1829.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session holden in the First and Second Years of His present Majesty's Reign,

[1 & 2 G. 4. c. 59. and]

intituled An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland, to continue in force until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty-six, and thenceforth until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer; and which Act was amended by an Act passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty's Reign;

[3 G. 4. c. 124. continued.]

and by an Act made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of His present Majesty's Reign both the said Acts were continued, and are in Force until the End of this present Session of Parliament: and it is expedient that the said Acts should be further continued and amended; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Two first-recited Acts shall be and the said Acts are hereby continued, and shall remain in Force from the passing of this Act until the End of the Session of Parliament next ensuing this present Session, as amended by this Act.

[Sittings of the Court between Trinity Term and 1st Nov. yearly.]

II. And be it enacted, That during the Period between the last Day of Trinity Term and the First Day of November in every Year the Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors under the said Acts shall have full Power and Authority to regulate and appoint the Sittings of the said Court, at such Times as to the said Court shall appear fit and necessary, for the due Administration of Justice in the said Court; provided that the said Court shall not be adjourned at any Time during the said Period for more than Two Calendar Months at any One Time.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to Coroners in Ireland.

[4th June 1829.]

[6 Ann, c. 7.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Ann, intituled An Act for lessening Sheriffs Fees on Executions, whereby, after reciting that through the great Corruption and Partiality of Sub-Sheriffs and their Bailiffs it had become very difficult to have any Mesne Process or Execution duly executed, but that Returns were made that the Party against whom such Process or Execution issued was not to be found, and that he had no Lands or Goods, although the contrary was true, it was enacted, that where any Sheriff should, on any Mesne Process or Execution, return that the Person against whom such Mesne Process or Execution should issue could not be found, or that he had not any Goods or Lands, in such Case the Party Plaintiff might take out the same or any other Mesne Process or Execution,

210 C. 37. 10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

---

3 G.4.C. 115.

Part of 3 G.4. c. 115. repealed, and certain Provisions of 3 Ann revived.

No Person to vote at Elections for Coroners, unless entitled to vote for Knights of the Shire.

directed to all or any of the Coroners of the said County, who should and might execute the same without any further Direction or Regard to the said Sheriffs, any former Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and that thereupon the said Coroner or Coroners should be authorized and empowered to

take Bail for the Appearance of such Person or Persons taken by him or them on Mesne Process, as the Sheriff might have done, and should be liable to an Action in case of any Escape of any Person in his or their Custody on such Mesne Process or Execution, as the Sheriff should have been if the said Writ had been executed by him, and that the said Coroner or Coroners should and might take such Fees, and no other or more, 4 for Execution of the said several Writs, than as was by the said Act appointed; and in case the said Coroner or Coroners should commit any Person or Persons so taken by them to the County Gaol, the Gaoler was thereby directed and required to receive and detain them:

And Whereas by an Act passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to regulate the Qualifications of Persons holding the Office of Coroner in Ireland, it was amongst other Things enacted, that no Writ or Process in any Civil Suit or Action should in any Case be awarded to any Coroner in Ireland, except in Cases in which the Sheriff to whom such Process should be awarded should be interested in the Suit, or should be of Kindred either to the Plaintiff or Defendant; by which said last-mentioned Enactment the said Provisions of the said Act of Queen Ann were repealed: And Whereas such Repeal has been found to be of mischievous Consequence; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty as is hereinbefore recited shall be and the same is hereby repealed, and that the said Provisions of the said Act of Queen Ann shall be and the same are hereby revived and re-enacted.

II. And Whereas by the said Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty it was also enacted, that no Person should be capable of being elected or chosen to the Office of Coroner for any County in Ireland who should not have an Estate of the Value therein mentioned, but no Provision is by the said Act made with respect to the Qualification of Persons electing Coroners of Counties: And Whereas it has been found that such Elections have, in consequence of the' 4 Number of Persons claiming a Right to vote thereat, been in some Instances much protracted, to the great Inconvenience of Sheri fife holding such Elections, and to the Interruption of their other Duties, and to the Danger of the public Peace; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act no Person shall be permitted to vote at any Election for the Office of Coroner in any County in Ireland, unless such Person shall be, at - the Time when he claims so to vote, qualified by Law to vote at an Election for a Knight of the Shire to serve in Parliament for such County; of which Qualification the Certificate by Law

pre-

211

C. 37, S3.

prescribed of their Registry of the Freehold of such Person shall be sufficient Evidence.

III. And Whereas at Inquests held by Coroners upon the 1 Bodies of deceased Persons great Difficulty exists in procuring the Attendance of Witnesses duly qualified to give Evidence as to the Cause of the Death of such Persons, by reason of the Want of any Power to remunerate such Witnesses for their Trouble and Loss of Time; Be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Coroner, before whom any Physician, Surgeon, Apothecary, Chemist, or other Person practising Medicine or Surgery, shall, in pursuance of a Summons from such Coroner, attend and be examined relative to the Death of any deceased Person, to grant to such Witness an Order, signed by such Coroner, upon the Treasurer of the County or County of a City within which such Inquest shall be held, for such Sum, not exceeding Five Pounds, as to such Coroner shall seem fit; and the Treasurer upon whom such Order shall be given shall pay the same to the Person presenting it; and the Amount of every such Payment shall be raised off the County or County of the City by the Grand Jury, in like Manner as other Sums authorized to be presented and levied by such Grand Jury.

IV. And be it enacted, That no Election for the Office of Coroner shall continue longer than Ten Days from the Day of the Delivery of the Writ for holding such Election.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Attempts to murder in certain Cases in Scotland.

[4th June 1829.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to make

Provision in Scotland for the further Prevention of malicious shooting and attempting to discharge loaded Fire Armsf stabbing, cutting, wounding, poisoning, and disabling His Majesty's Subjects; which Act did not extend to the Punishment of Cases of Attempts to murder by means of Suffocation, Strangulation, and Drowning: And Whereas it is expedient that a suitable Punishment should attach to such Crimes, and that the Provisions relative to all the aforesaid Offences should be included in One Act; Be it therefore enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the before-recited Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty shall be and the same is hereby repealed, except as to any Offences against the same committed before the passing of this Act, which shall be dealt with and punished as if this Act had not been passed.

H. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act* if any Person shall, within Scotland, wilfully, maliciously, and unlawfully shoot at any of His Majesty's Subjects, or shall wilfully, maliciously, and unlawfully present, point, or level any Kind of loaded Fire Arms at any of His Majesty's Subjects, and attempt, by drawing a Trigger or in any other Manner, to dis-

P 2 charge

Enabling Coroners to remunerate Witnesses attending Inquests.

Time of Elections limited.

6 G. 4. C. 186.

repealed, except as to Offences already committed.

Persons wilfully shooting, stabbing, strangling, &c. punishable with Death.

212

C. 88.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Throwing Sulphuric Acid, &c. punishable with Death.

Proviso if the Acts done would not have amounted to Murder.

Power to restrict not affected.

charge the same at or against his or their Person or Persons; or shall wilfully, maliciously, and unlawfully stab or cut any of His Majesty's Subjects, with Intent, in so doing, or by means thereof, to murder or to maim, disfigure or disable such His Majesty's Subject or Subjects, or with Intent to do some other grievous bodily Harm to such His Majesty's Subject or Subjects; or shall wilfully, maliciously, and unlawfully administer to or cause to be administered to or taken by any of His Majesty's Subjects any deadly Poison or other noxious and destructive Substance or Thing, with Intent thereby, or by means thereof, to murder or disable such His Majesty's Subject or Subjects, or with Intent to do some other grievous bodily Harm to such His Majesty's Subject or Subjects; or shall wilfully, maliciously, and unlawfully attempt to suffocate or to strangle or to drown any of His Majesty's Subject or Subjects, with the Intent thereby, or by means thereof, to murder or disable such His Majesty's Subject or Subjects, with Intent to do some other grievous bodily Harm to such His Majesty's Subject or Subjects; such Person so offending, and being lawfully found guilty, Actor, or Art and Part of any One or more of the several Offences herein-before enumerated, shall Jbe held guilty of a Capital Crime, and shall receive Sentence of Death accordingly.

III. And be it enacted, That if any Person in Scotland shall, from and after the passing of this Act, wilfully, maliciously, and unlawfully throw at or otherwise apply to any of His Majesty's Subject or Subjects any Sulphuric Acid, or other corrosive Substance calculated by external Application to burn or injure the Human Frame, with Intent in so doing, or by means thereof, to murder or maim or disfigure or disable such His Majesty's Subject or Subjects, or with Intent to do some other grievous bodily Harm to such of His Majesty's Subject or Subjects, and where in consequence of such Acid or other Substance being so wilfully, maliciously, and unlawfully thrown or applied with Intent as aforesaid, any of His Majesty's Subjects shall be maimed, disfigured, pr disabled, or receive other grievous bodily Harm, such Person, being thereof lawfully found guilty, Actor, or Art and Part, shall be held guilty of a Capital Crime, and shall receive Sentence of Death accordingly.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if it shall appear, upon the Trial of any Person accused of any of the several Of-ences herein-before enumerated, that under the Circumstances of the Case, if Death had ensued, the Act or Acts done would not have amounted to the Crime of Murder, such Person shall not be held guilty of a Capital Crime, or be subject to the Punishment aforesaid.

V. And be it enacted, That nothing contained in this or in any other Statute enacting a Capital Punishment shall be held to affect or impair the Power of the Prosecutor to restrict the Pains of Law.

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV.

213

C.

39, 40, 41.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for continuing to His Majesty, for One Year, certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred1 and twenty-nine.

[19th June 1829.]

[This Act is the same (except as to Dates) as 9 G. 4. c. 36.]

CAP. XL.

An Act to continue for One Year, and until the End of the

then next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Sixth Year 6 G.4. c.ioi. of His present Majesty, for providing for the repairing, maintaining, and keeping in Repair certain Roads and Bridges in Ireland.

[19th June 1829.]

CAP. XLI.

An Act to amend the Laws for the Regulation of the Butter Trade in Ireland. [\9\h June 1829.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third,

intituled An Act for the better Regulation of the Butter Trade in 52 G.3. c. 134. 4 Ireland, it is amongst other Things enacted, that Public Weighmasters or Joint Public Weighmasters and Tasters of Butter shall, in Manner therein mentioned, be appointed in and for every City, Town Corporate, Place of Export, or Market Town

in Ireland, from which Butter is commonly shipped for Exportation, or wherein Butter is bought or sold or exposed to Sale for the Purpose of Trade; and that no Person shall buy,

sell, or expose for Sale any empty Cask or Casks for packing of Butter within any City or Liberties thereof, Town Corporate,

Place of Export, or Market Town in Ireland, before such Cask or Casks shall be weighed and branded by the Public Weighmaster or Joint Public Weighmasters, his or their Deputy or Deputies, in Manner therein mentioned; and that in case any Person shall buy, sell, or expose to Sale, within any City or Liberties thereof, Town Corporate, Place of Export, or Market Town, any empty Cask or Casks for packing of Butter, not weighed and branded as aforesaid, every such Person shall incur certain Penalties and Forfeitures therein mentioned; and it is thereby further enacted, that all and every Cask or Casks of Butter which shall be brought into any City or Liberties thereof,

Town Corporate, Sea-port or Place of Export, or Market Town,

for Sale or for Exportation, shall, before the same is sold or exposed to Sale in or exported from such City or Liberties thereof, Town Corporate, Sea-port or Place of Export, or Market Town, be brought to some One of the Weigh-houses therein mentioned, there to be tasted, weighed, and proved by the said Weighmaster or Weighmasters, Taster or Tasters of such City,

Town Corporate, Sea-port or Place of Export, or Market Town,

as the Case may happen to be, his or their Deputy or Deputies,

P 3 4 who

214

C. 41.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

who is and are thereby required strictly, according to their

respective Offices, to inspect the same, and before he or they mark or brand or approve the same, to see that such Butter be merchantable; and m case any such Butter shall not appear merchantable, such Proceedings are to take place, and such Forfeitures are to be incurred, as therein particularly mentioned;

and when such Butter shall appear to be merchantable, the said Weighmaster or Weighmasters, his or their Deputy or Deputies, 4 shall and is and are thereby required to weigh the same, and to brand and mark on the Side of each Cask the gross Weight thereof; and it is thereby further enacted, that if any Landwaiter, or other Revenue Officer intrusted with the lading or putting on board any Butter for the Purpose of being exported from Ireland, shall permit or suffer any Cask or Casks of Butter to be shipped or laden on board of any Ship, Boat, or Vessel,

in order to be exported as Merchandize, without having been previously weighed, branded, and marked by the Weighmaster of the Sea-port or Place of Export where such Butter shall be shipped or put on board, as thereby directed, every such Land-

waiter, or other Revenue Officer, who shall so offend, shall incur such Forfeitures as therein mentioned; And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty-third Year of the Reign of His said late

63 G.3. c. 46.

Majesty, intituled An Act for the further Regulation of the Butter Trade in Ireland, it is enacted, that from and after the passing of the said Act no Person shall sell or expose to Sale any Cask or Casks within any City or Liberties thereof, Town Corporate, Place of Export, or Market Town in Ireland, for packing of

Butter for Sale or Export, or shall make up or pack any Butter in any Cask or Casks to be exposed to Sale or for Export in

such City, Town Corporate, or Market Town, or Place of Export, unless such Cask or Casks be made of good seasoned Oak or Ash, Sycamore or Beech, whereof no Part to be of Bog Timber, and shall be full bound and made tight, so that each Cask shall hold Pickle, with Head and Bottom equally dooled, and set to the Cross with good and sufficient Hoops on each Cask, or well twigged with good fresh Osier Twigs; and it is thereby further enacted, that nothing therein or in any former Act contained shall extend to oblige the Proprietor of any Butter conveyed by Inland Navigation to the Port of Waterford, for Shipment there, to subject such Butter to Inspection and branding at the Weigh-house of the City of Waterford; provided always, that such Butter shall have already undergone Examination, and been duly proved and branded according to Law

at some other of the Weigh-houses legally established in the

Market Town where the said Butter was first exposed to Sale, and that the Brands so affixed, and designating the Quality and Quantity thereof and Place of branding, still remain without being effaced or obliterated at the Time of Shipment of such Butter from the Port of Waterford: And Whereas by another Act passed in the said Fifty-third Year of the Reign of His said

53 G.S. c.lxx. 4 late Majesty, intituled An Act for reviving, amending, and making perpetual an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Butter Trade of the City of Cork and the

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 41.

215

Liberties thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and by an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending the several Acts in Force for making wide and convenient Streets, Ways, and Passages in the City of Cork and the Suburbs thereof, and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and otherwise improving the said City, and for regulating the Court of Conscience established therein, certain Regulations were made respecting the making or causing to be

made, and the selling or exposing to Sale, of any Cask or Casks for the packing of Butter for Sale within the City of Cork or Liberties thereof, or for Export from the said City, and respecting the making up and packing of Butter in Casks, and the

causing of Butter to be made up and packed in Casks, for Sale within the said City or Liberties, or for Export from the said

City, and respecting the Sale or Exposure to Sale of Butter in Casks within the said City or Liberties, and respecting the over-

burning of any Firkin or Keg intended for the packing of Butter, and respecting the outward Soakage of any Cask wherein Butter shall be packed for Sale or Exportation, and respecting the taking out of Butter from any Firkin or Keg by boring, and respecting the shipping or Exportation of any Firkin or Keg of Butter from the said City or Liberties thereof: And Whereas by an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of the Butter Trade in Ireland, it is enacted, that nothing in

. 4 the said recited Act so passed as aforesaid in the Fifty-second Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, or in any former Act contained, shall extend to oblige the Proprietor of any Butter conveyed to the City of Dublin for Shipment there, to subject such Butter to Inspection and branding in the City of Dublin, unless such Butter be sold or exposed for Sale in the said City: And Whereas it is expedient to amend the Laws for the Regulation of the Butter Trade in Ireland, in the Manner hereinafter provided; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That nothing in the said recited Acts or in any former Act contained, nor any Charter or Charters heretofore granted, nor any Law, Custom, or Usage now or at any Time heretofore in Force, shall extend or be construed to extend to oblige any Person or Persons, or any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, to subject any empty Cask or Casks for packing of Butter to be weighed and branded, in the Manner therein mentioned, within any City or Liberties thereof, Town Corporate, Sea-port, Place of Export, or Market Town in Ireland; or to oblige any Person or Persons, or any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, to have any Cask or Casks of Butter brought to any of the Weigh-houses aforesaid to be tasted, weighed, and proved by such Weighmaster or Weigh-masters, Taster or Tasters as aforesaid, before the same is or are sold' or exposed to Sale in or exported from any such City or Liberties thereof, Town Corporate, Sea-port or Place of Export, or Market Town; or to render any Butter, not being merchantable, liable on that Account to any forfeiture; or to subject any

P 4* Land-

3 G.4. c.lxxxv.

7 & 8 G.4. c. 61.

Persons not compellable to have empty Casks branded; nor to bring Casks of Butter to be weighed, &c. before they are exposed for Sale or Export.

C. 41.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Act not to abolish the Offices of Weigh-masters. Tasters, &c.

Annual Compensation to Weighmasters, in consequence of this Act.

Accounts shall state the Rates of Fees received, &c.

Land-waiter or other Revenue Officer to any Forfeiture or Penalty for permitting any Cask or Casks of Butter to be shipped or laden on board of any Ship, Boat, or Vessel, in order to be exported as Merchandize, without having been previously weighed, branded, and marked as before mentioned; or to oblige any Person or Persons selling or exposing to Sale Casks for packing of Butter, or making up or packing any Butter in any such Cask or Casks, to observe the Regulations in the said Acts or any of them contained, respecting the Materials of which or the Manner in which such Casks shall be made; or to oblige any Person or Persons buying or selling or exposing for Sale any empty Casks, or any Butter in Casks, to observe or comply with the Regulations herein-before mentioned or referred to, or any of them.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to abolish the Office of any Weigh-master or Taster or Deputy Weighmaster or Taster of Butter, or to prevent any Person or Persons offering any Butter in Casks or any empty Casks for the packing of Butter for Sale in Ireland, or about to export any such Butter or Casks, from requiring any such Weighmaster or Taster to weigh, taste, and prove, inspect, mark, and brand, any Cask or Casks of Butter, or any empty Cask or Casks for the packing of Butter, in the Manner in and by the said Acts prescribed, and subject and according to and in pursuance of all and every the Provisions, Rules, and Regulations in and by the said Acts in that Behalf contained and made.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, from Time to Time to order and direct that an annual Compensation or Allowance may be made and paid, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to Weighmasters who may sustain any Loss in the Amount of their legal Fees in consequence of the Provisions of this Act: Provided always, that no such Compensation or Allowance shall be made or paid to any Person who shall have been appointed to be a Weighmaster at any Time after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, nor to any Person being a Weighmaster appointed before the said First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, except such Person shall have been appointed to such Office by virtue or under the Authority of some Letters Patent in Force before the said recited Act of the Fifty-second Year of His late Majesty's Reign, or by virtue of some Charter of a City or Town Corporate in which a Weighmaster was in Discharge of the Duties of the Office of Weighmaster on the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every such Account shall state the Rate of each of the several Fees received by such Weighmaster, and for what Purpose and under what Authority such Fees have been received, and any other Matter and Thing which the said Commissioners of the Treasury may require to be informed of; and if the said Commissioners shall be dis-satisfied with any such Account or any Article therein, or any Deficiency in any such Statement, or if any such Information be withheld when required, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to refuse

to

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 41, 42.

217

to pay such Compensation, until they shall be fully satisfied with respect to any such Account, and every Matter and Thins: therein contained.

V. And for ascertaining the Amount of any Compensation to be granted under this Act, be it enacted, That every Person who shall apply for such Compensation shall lay before the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, within One Month after the First Day of January in each and every Year after the passing of this Act in which such Compensation shall be claimed, an Account of all legal Fees actually received by such Weighmaster for the Performance of the several Duties appertaining to the said Office of Weighmaster during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of December then next preceding, verified on the Oath of such Person, or his Deputy or Deputies, made before any Justice of the Peace, or before any Magistrate of the Town or Place in which such Person shall have executed such Office (which Oath such Justice or Magistrate is hereby authorized and empowered to administer); and if in any such Account the gross Amount of such Fees for such Year shall appear to be less, in consequence of the Provisions of this Act, than the annual Amount of legal Fees received by such Weighmaster on the Average of Three Years preceding the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner? of the Treasury to order and direct that a Sum equal to the Amount of the Deficiency below such Average shall be paid to such Weighmaster out of the Consolidated Fund.

VI. And be it further enacted, That an Account of all Compensations made under this Act shall be laid before Parliament by the Commissioners of the Treasury within Fourteen Days after the Twenty-fifth Day of March in each and every Year, if Parliament shall be then sitting; or otherwise, within Fourteen Days after the First Meeting of Parliament in every Year after such Twenty-fifth Day of March.

CAP. XLII.

An Act to amend an Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for the Amendment of the Laws respecting Charitable Loan Societies in Ireland.

[19th June 1829.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Amendment of the Laws respecting Charitable Loan Societies in Ireland, whereby certain Powers and Authorities were given to Treasurers, Clerks, and Officers of such Societies; and it is expedient to

amend the said Act iu such Particulars:* Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all Cases of the Death, Resignation, or Removal of any Treasurer, Clerk, or Officer of any such Society, at any Time before or after the passing of this Act, who shall have been or shall be appointed under the said recited Act, all Cash and all Funds and Securities of or belonging to any such Society respectively, which at the Time of such Death, Resignation, or Removal shall

Mode of ascertaining the Amount of Compensation.

v Account of Compensations to be laid before Parliament yearly.

4 G.4. c. 32.

Cash and Funds in the Hands of any deceased Treasurer, &c. of any Society, to be vested in his Successor,

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

who may sue on Securities given to his Predecessors.

Treasurer, &c, may cause such Sums to be levied and paid.

Commencement of the Act.

Management *

6 G.4. c. 106. Jurisdiction of Local Board of Customs in Ireland, and of Sub* commissioners, in certain Cases repealed.

C. 42, 43.

have been or shall be in the Hands, PowerJ Custody, or Possession, or under the Controul or Command of any such Treasurer, Clerk, or Officer so dying, resigning, or being removed, shall be and become vested, and shall be deemed to have actually vested, for the Use of such Society, in the Person or Persons who shall have been or shall be placed in the Room or appointed to the Office of such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Officer; and that any and every Treasurer, Clerk, or other Officer of any such Society, from Time to Time for the Time being, shall have the same Powers of suing for and recovering all and every Sum and Sums of Money, and of enforcing all and every Security or Securities, which were due or owing, or which were given to his Predecessor, or to any Person having previously held such Office, as under the said recited Act could be exercised or executed by the Treasurer, Clerk, or Officer resigning, dying, or being removed, or to whom such Money was due or owing, or such Securities were given.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Treasurer, Clerk, or Officer of any such Society, to whom any Power of suing for or recovering any Sum or Sums of Money for the Use of any such Society is given by the said recited Act or this Act, shall and may, and he is hereby authorized, empowered, and required to cause all and every such Sum or Sums of Money so recovered to be levied and paid in like Manner as any other Sum of Money recovered by any Person or Persons may be levied and paid according to Law.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Customs.

[19th June 1829.]

WHEREAS several Acts were passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for consolidating the Laws of the Customs, and it is found necessary to make certain Alterations and Amendments therein: Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twenty-first Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, the several Enactments hereinafter contained shall come into and be and continue in full Force and Operation, for all the Purposes mentioned therein.

II. And Whereas by One of the said Acts, intituled An Act for the Management of the Customs, it is enacted, that the District comprehending the City, Suburbs, and Liberties of Dublin, and the Port of Dublin, and the several Creeks and Members thereof, and all Parishes, Parts, and Places of the City and County of the City of Dublin and County of Dublin, and all and every the Baronies, Parts, and Places of the same, shall be subject to the Rule and Government of the Commissioners and Assistant Commissioners of Customs in Ireland, in all Matters relating to the collecting, managing, and levying all Revenues of Customs within the same; and that all Complaints and Informations for the Recovery of any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, 4 for any Offence against or any Breach of any Act or Acts in

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV.

CA3.

219

Force in Ireland relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners and Assistant

Commissioners in Ireland, which shall be committed within the

said District, shall (subject to such Appeal as is thereinafter mentioned) be heard and determined by the said Commissioners and Assistant Commissioners, or any Two of them, who shall give Judgment and award Execution accordingly: And Whereas

by the said last-mentioned Act it is further enacted, that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and Assistant Commissioners in Ireland, or any Two or more of them, and they are thereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, to appoint so many and such Subordinate Commissioners or Sub- Commissioners, in and for any and every District in Ireland (except in the District of Dublin), as the said Commissioners and Assistant Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, shall from Time to Time find necessary, to be approved of by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, for the Purpose of hearing and determining all Complaints and Informations for the Recovery of any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture imposed by any Act or Acts in Force in Ireland relating to the Revenue of Customs for any

Offence against or any Breach of any Act, and to give Judgment and award Execution accordingly: And Whereas by another of the said Acts, intituled An Act for the Prevention of Smuggling, it is provided, that all the Powers vested in any Justices of the

Peace by virtue of that Act shall be and the same are thereby vested in the Commissioners or Assistant Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in and for Ireland, or any Two of them, and the Sub-Commissioners lawfully appointed in Ireland to hear and determine Complaints and Informations for the Recovery of any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture imposed by that or any other Act relating to the Revenue of Customs, or any Three or more of such Sub-Commissioners, as far as regards any Offences committed in Ireland against that or any other Act relating to the Revenue of Customs: And Whereas it is expedient to make other Provisions for the Recovery of such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures :1 Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, so much of the said Two last-mentioned Acts as is herein-before recited, and also so much of an Act made in the said Sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal the Excise Duties and Drawbacks on Flint Glass in Great Britain, and to impose other Duties and another Drawback in lieu thereof throughout the United Kingdom; and to continue the Jurisdiction and Powers for recovering Penalties under Customs and Excise Laws in Ireland, until former Provision can be made, as relates to the Jurisdiction and Powers for recovering Penalties under Customs Laws in Ireland, shall be and the same is hereby repealed, except as to any Proceedings, which at any Time before the Commencement of this Act may have been or may be instituted under the Authority of the said Acts or any of them.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures incurred or imposed by any Act relating to the Revenue of Customs, or for the Prevention of Smuggling, now in Force or hereafter to be made, for any Offence which at any

Time

Management *

6 G.4. c. 106.

6 G.4. r. 117.

Penalties, &c.\ for Offences against the Customs Laws in Ireland may

C. 4S.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

220 Management.

be recovered in the Exchequer there, or before Justices of the Peace.

Regulation.

6 G.4. c. 107. Time for entering Goods by Bill of Store limited.

Prohibition to import Spirits, unless in Cases of Three Dozen Bottles, repealed as to square-rigged Vessels.

Commissioners of Customs may direct certain Goods to be stamped.

Time after the Commencement of this Act shall be committed in Ireland, shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered in the Name of His Majesty's Attorney General for Ireland, or in the Name or Names of some Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in the Court of Exchequer in Dublin, or by Information before any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in Ireland; and that all Powers and Provisions in the said recited Acts or any of them, or in any other Act or Acts contained, relating to the Recovery and Application of any such Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, shall extend, and shall be deemed, taken, and construed to extend, to the Recovery of any Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures in the said Court of Exchequer, or before any Justice of the Peace, in pursuance of this Act, and to the Application thereof, to all Intents and Purposes as if such present Provisions were repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

IV. And Whereas by One of the said Acts, intituled An Act for the general Regulation of the Customs, it is enacted, that it shall be lawful to re-import into the United Kingdom, from any Place, in a Ship of any Country, any Goods (except as therein excepted) which shall have been legally exported from the United Kingdom, and to enter the same by Bill of Store: And Whereas it is expedient to limit the Time for entering such Goods by Bill of Store; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act no Entry by Bill of Store shall be received, unless the Goods for which such Entry is required shall be re-imported into the United Kingdom within Six Years from the Date of their Exportation therefrom; but such Goods shall be deemed to be Foreign Goods, whether originally such or not, and shall also be deemed to be imported for the first Time into the United Kingdom.

V. And Whereas by the said last-mentioned Act certain Restrictions are imposed on Spirits imported into the United Kingdom, and it is expedient to amend the same; Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said Act as prohibits the Importation of Spirits in Bottles into the United Kingdom, except in Cases containing not less than Three Dozen reputed Quart Bottles, shall not extend or be deemed to extend to prohibit the Importation of Spirits into the United Kingdom in square-rigged Vessels, provided such Spirits are contained in Glass Bottles; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VI. And Whereas by the Laws now in Force certain Articles subject to an Inland Duty of Excise are required to be stamped, 4 to denote the Payment of such Duty; and to prevent Fraud in the Evasion of such Duty, it is expedient that Foreign Articles of a similar Description, when imported into the United Kingdom, should be stamped with such Mark or Stamp as the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs may deem necessary, in order to distinguish the Foreign from the British Article; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, and they are hereby authorized, after any Goods have been entered at the Custom House, and before the same shall be discharged by the Officers and delivered into the Custody of the

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 43. 221

Importer or his Agent, to mark or stamp such Goods in such Manner and Form as they may deem fit and proper for the Security of the Revenue, and by such Officer as they shall direct and appoint for that Purpose.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Order made by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, in respect of marking or stamping any Goods, shall be published in the London Gazette and Dublin Gazette.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time forge or counterfeit any Mark or Stamp to resemble any Mark or Stamp which shall be provided and used for the Purposes of this Act, or shall forge or counterfeit the Impression of any such Mark or Stamp, or shall sell or expose to Sale, or have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, any Goods with a counterfeit Mark or Stamp, knowing the same to be counterfeit, or shall use or affix any such Mark or Stamp to any other Goods required to be stamped as aforesaid, other than that to which the same was originally affixed, all and every such Offender or Offenders, and his, her, or their Aiders, Abettors, and Assistants, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

IX. And Whereas it is no longer necessary to distinguish Sail

Cloth of British Manufacture from Foreign Sail Cloth, by any Impression or Stamp of the Maker's Name and Place of Abode Be it therefore enacted, That so much of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom, as directs that the Name and Place of Abode of the Manufacturer of any British Sail Cloth shall be stamped on the same, and also so much of the said Act as imposes any Penalty relating thereto, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

X. And Whereas by One other of the said Acts, intituled An Act for the Prevention of Smuggling, all Boats belonging in the Whole or in Part to His Majesty's Subjects, found within certain Limits, are forfeited, unless the Owners thereof have obtained a Licence for navigating the same from the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs: And Whereas it is expedient to dispense with such Licences for Boats in the North and West Highlands 1 of Scotland; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the Owners of Boats used in Fishing on the Coasts of the North and West Highlands of Scotland shall not be required to obtain Licences for navigating the same from the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, under the Provisions of the said recited Act: Provided always, that if such Boats shall be employed in Smuggling, the Owner or Owners thereof shall be liable to a Penalty equal to the Value of such Boat so employed in Smuggling as aforesaid, over and above any other Penalty to which the Parties may be liable on account of such Smuggling Transaction.

XI. And Whereas by the said last-recited Act it is enacted, that all Vessels and Boats belonging in the Whole or in Part to His Majesty's Subjects, having false Bulk Heads, false Bows,

Regulation.

Orders for stamping Goods to be published.

Penalty 2001. on forging such Stamps.

Stamping of Maker's Name on Sail Cloth repealed.

9 G.2. c. 37.

Smuggling. 6 G.4. c. 108.

Boats used in Fishing in the North and West Highlands of Scotland not required to have Licences.

Foreign Vessels with false BulkHeads, for the Purpose of

C. 4S.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Smuggling.

Smuggling, to be forfeited.

Registry.

C 0.4. c. 110. Certain Persona authorized to grant Registry in certain British Possessions within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter.

Collectors and Comptrollers only to register Vessels in certain Cases.

double Sides or Bottoms, or any secret or disguised Place whatever in the Construction of the said Vessel or Boat, for the Purpose of concealing Goods, or having any Hole, Pipe, or other

Device in or about the said Vessel or Boat, adapted for the Purpose of running Goods, shall be forfeited: And Whereas it is expedient to extend the said Act to Foreign Vessels or Boats, not being square-rigged, coming to or arriving at any Port of the United Kingdom; Be it therefore enacted, That all Foreign Vessels or Boats not being square-rigged, coming to or arriving at any Port of the United Kingdom, having on board any Goods liable to the Payment of Duties, or prohibited to be imported into the United Kingdom, concealed in false Bulk Heads, false Bows, double Sides or Bottoms, or any secret or disguised Place whatsoever in the Construction of the said Vessel or Boat, for the Purpose of concealing Goods, shall be forfeited.

XII. And Whereas One other of the said Acts was passed in the said Sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for registering British Vessels; and it is expedient to amend the same, by empowering Persons executing the Office of Collectors of Duties m any British Possessions within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, not under the Government of the Company, and where a Custom House is not established, together with the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief of any such Possessions, to make Registry of British Vessels, and grant Certificates thereof, under the Provisions of the said Act Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person duly appointed to execute the Office of Collecter of Duties in any Port or Place in the British Possessions within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, not being under the Government of the said Company, and where a Custom House is not established, together with the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief of any such Possessions, to make Registry of British Vessels, and grant Certificates thereof, under the Provisions and Regulations of the said recited Act; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIII. And Whereas it is expedient to empower the Collectors and Comptrollers of His Majesty's Customs only to make Registry of British Vessels, and grant Certificate thereof, under the Provisions and Regulations of the said last-mentioned Act,

in those Colonies where the Officers of the Customs have been appointed by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and are under the Controul and Management of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs; Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said Act as requires the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief in the Colonies, Plantations, Islands, and Territories to His Majesty belonging, in Asia, Africa, and America, where the Collectors and Comptrollers of His Majesty's Customs have been appointed by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and are under the Controul and Management of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, to be a Party to the Registry of British Vessels to be there registered, and the granting Certificates thereof, under the Provisions and Regulations of the said Act, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; any Thing in the said Act, or any other Act^or Acts, to the contrary* thereof notwithstanding.

12- XIV. And

223

Duties. New Duties.

Duty.

J. d.

Anchovies - - the lb. 0 0 2

Angelica - the lb. 0 0 3

Boots, Shoes, and Calashes; viz.

- Women's Boots and Calashes - the Dozen Pairs 1 10 0

- - - if lined or trimmed with Fur or other Trimming,

the Dozen Pairs 1 16 0

Women's Shoes, with Cork or Double Soles, quilted

Shoes and Clogs, - - the Dozen Pairs 1 6 0

- - - if trimmed or lined with Fur or any other Trim-.

ming, - - the Dozen Pairs 19 0

Women's Shoes of Silk, Satin, Jeans, or other Stuffs,

Kid, Morocco, or other Leather - the Dozen Pairs 0 18 0

- - - if trimmed or lined with Fur or other Trimming,

the Dozen Pairs 14 0

— Children's Boots, Shoes, and Calashes, not exceeding

7 Inches in Length, to be charged with Two Thirds

of the above Duties.

Men's Boots - the Dozen Pairs 2 14 0

— Men'sp Shoes - the Dozen Pairs 1 4 0

Children's Boots and Shoes, not exceeding 7 Inches in

Length, to be charged with Two Thirds of the above.

Duties.

Braziletto Wood, imported from a British Possession the Ton 0 3 0

not so imported - the Ton 0 4 6

Canella Alba - - the lb. 0 0 1

Cassia Lignea, imported from any British Possession - the lb. 0 0 6

Cinnamon - - the lb. 0 1 0

0 0 6

Cortex Eleutheria - - the lb. 0 0 1

Hides; viz.

- Muscovy or Russia Hides, tanned, coloured, shaved, or

otherwise dressed, - - the Hide 0 5 0

- - - Pieces, tanned, coloured, shaved, or otherwise

dressed - the lb. 0 2 6

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 43.

XIV. And Whereas One other of the said first-mentioned Acts was passed for granting Duties of Customs, and it is expedient to amend the said Act; Be it therefore enacted, That instead of the Duties and Drawbacks imposed and allowed by the said last-mentioned Act, or by any other Act upon the several Articles mentioned in the Table contained in this Act, and denominated " Table of New Duties Inwards, 1829," the several Duties and Drawbacks set forth in Figures in the said Table shall, in respect of such Goods as are mentioned therein, be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty, and be allowed, in like Manner as if such Duties and Drawbacks had been imposed in and by the said last-mentioned Act, or by any other Act, and had been set forth in the Tables thereunto annexed; (that is to say,)

TABLE OF NEW DUTIES INWARDS, 1829.

C. 4>3.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Duty.

Hides continued; viz. £ s. d.

Hides, or Pieces of Hides, tanned, tawed, curried, or

in any Way dressed, not particularly enumerated or

described, nor otherwise charged with Duty,

for every 100/. of the Value 40 0 0

Hoops, Wood; viz.

— not exceeding 6 Feet in Length the 1,000 0 5 0

exceeding 6 Feet, and not exceeding 9 Feet in Length

the 1,000 0 7 6

— — exceeding 9 Feet, and not exceeding 12 Feet in Length

the 1,000 0 10 0

* — exceeding 12 Feet, and not exceeding 15 Feet in

Length - the 1,000 0 12 6

* exceeding 15 Feet in Length - - the 1,000 0 15 0

Iron, Chromate of, - - the Ton 0 5 0

Oil of Olives, imported in a Ship, belonging to any of the

Subjects of the King of the Two Sicilies, m Addition to the Duties imposed by any other Act or Acts,

the Tun 1 1 0

Painters Colours, not otherwise enumerated or described,

for every 100/. of the Value 10 0 0

Raisins, not being Raisins of the Sun, and not being the Pro-

duce of any British Possession, - the Cwt. 10 0

Sago; viz.

Pearl - - the Cwt. 0 15 0

- - - imported from any British Possession the Cwt. 0 10 0

0 15 0

imported from any British Possession the Cwt. 0 10 0

Skins; viz.

* Kid, in the Hair, undressed - the 100 Skins 0 0 4

Lamb, in the Wool, undressed - the 100 Skins 0 0 4

Tar, Barbadoes - - the Cwt. 0 2 6

Turpentine, being of greater Value than 12s. the Cwt. and not

>. being of greater Value than 15s. the Cwt. thereof

the Cwt. 0 5 4

Wax, Bees; viz.

* unbleached - - the Cwt. 1 10 0

— in any Degree bleached - - the Cwt. 3 0 0

imported from any British Possession in Asia, Africa,

or America; viz.

unbleached - the Cwt. 0 10 0

in any Degree bleached - - the Cwt. 1 0 0

Wine, the Produce of His Majesty's Settlement of the Cape of

Good Hope, or the Territories or Dependencies

thereof, until the 1st January 1833 - the Gallon 0 2 5

and after the 1st January 1833 - the Gallon 0 3 0

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 43, 44.

225

XV. And be it further enacted, That Masts, Timber, Staves, Wood, Hoops, Shingles, Lathwood and Cordwood, for Fuel, shall be imported into any of the British Possessions in North America Duty-free; and that such Goods upon Importation thereof from such Possessions into any other British Possessions in America, or into the United Kingdom, shall be deemed to be the Produce of the British Possessions in North America.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That Raw Hides imported into the British Possessions in North America from the West Coast of Africa shall be so imported Duty-free.

XVII. And Whereas One other of the said Acts was passed in the said Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled

An Act to grant certain Bounties and Allowances of Customs; and

it is expedient to amend the same; Be it therefore enacted, That

so much of the said last-mentioned Act as requires Refined Sugar to be packed in Packages each of which shall contain Two hundred Weight of such Sugar at the least, shall be and the same is hereby repealed. j

XVIII. And Whereas by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Customs, the Officers of the Customs are authorized to issue Debentures for the Drawback of Duty on certain Deals and Timber used in the Mines of Tin, Lead, or Copper, in the Counties of

Devon or Cornwall, or in Ireland, twice for every Year; (that is to say,) once after the Fifth Day of July, and once after the Fifth

Day of January; and it is expedient to alter the said Periods for issuing such Debentures Be it therefore enacted, That such Debentures shall be issued, under the Regulations required by Law, once after the Fifth Day of April and once after the Tenth Day of October in each Year, in lieu and instead of the Periods above mentioned.

Bulks.

Masts, &c. imported into Colonies in North America, or from such Colonies.

Haw Hides.

Bounties

6 G.4* c.llS. Refined Sugar not required to be packed in Packages of 2 cwt. each.

9 G.4. c. 76. Drawback on Timber used in Mines payable after the 5th April and 10th October.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for improving the Police in and near the Metropolis.

[19th June 1829.]

WHEREAS Offences against Property have of late increased in and near the Metropolis; and the local Establishments

of Nightly Watch and Nightly Police have been found inadequate to the Prevention and Detection of Crime, by reason of the

frequent Unfitness of the Individuals employed, the Insufficiency of their Number, the limited Sphere of their Authority, and their Want of Connection and Co-operation with each other: And Whereas* it is expedient to substitute a new and more efficient System of Police in lieu of such Establishments of Nightly Watch and Nightly Police, within the Limits hereinafter mentioned, and to constitute an Office of Police, which, acting under the immediate Authority of One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, shall direct and controul the Whole of such new System of Police within those Limits: Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it Majesty shall be lawful for His Majesty to cause a new Police Office to be '

10 Geo. IV. Q established n*wPoUce

226

C. 4?4?.

lO^ GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Office for the Metropolis and the surrounding District, and may appoint Two Persons as Justices, to conduct the Business of the Office, under the Directions of a Secretary of State.

The Justices need not have any Qualification of Estate.

[Proviso.]

Oath to be taken by the Justices.

Salary of the Justices.

Westminster, and Parts of Middlesex, Surrey, and Kent, to be formed into One District, to be called u The Metro-

established in the City of Westminster, and by Warrant under His Sign Manual to appoint Two fit Persons as Justices of the Peace of the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Hertford, Essex, and Kent, and of all Liberties therein, to execute the Duties of a Justice of the Peace at the said Office, and in all Parts of those several Counties, and the Liberties therein, together with such other Duties as shall be hereinafter specified, or as shall be from Time to Time directed by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for the more efficient Administration of the Police within the Limits hereinafter mentioned; and His Majesty may remove either of the said Justices, if he shall see Occasion so to do, and may, upon any Vacancy in the said Office by Death, Removal, or otherwise, appoint another fit Person as a Justice of the Peace of the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Hertford, Essex, and Kent, and of all Liberties therein, to execute the Duties aforesaid, in lieu of the Person making such Vacancy; and it shall be lawful for His Majesty to appoint any Person to be a Justice of the Peace by virtue of this Act, and for such Person, during the Continuance of his Appointment, to execute the Duties of a Justice of the Peace for the several Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Hertford, Essex, and Kent, and for all Liberties therein, although he may not have any such Qualification by Estate as is required by Law in the Case of any other Person being a Justice of the Peace for any County: Provided always, that no such Person shall act as a Justice of the Peace at any Court of General or Quarter Sessions, nor in any Matter out of Sessions, except for the Preservation of the Peace, the Prevention of Crimes, the Detection and Committal of Offenders, and in carrying into Execution the Purposes of this Act.

II. And be it enacted, That every Person to be appointed a Justice of the Peace by virtue of this Act shall, before he shall begin to execute the Duties of his Office, take the following Oath before some Justice or Baron of One of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; (that is to say,)

I A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly-,

according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, execute all the Powers and Duties of a Justice of the Peace, under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for improving the Police in and near the Metropolis '

III. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to direct that an annual Salary, not exceeding the Sum of Eight hundred Pounds, shall be paid out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to each of the Justices to be appointed under this Act, and that the same shall be payable quarterly.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Whole of the City and Liberties of Westminster, and such of the Parishes, Townships, Precincts, and Places in the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, and Kent, as are enumerated in the Schedule to this Act, shall be constituted, for the Purposes of this Act, into One District, to be called The Metropolitan Police District and a sufficient Number of fit and able Men shall from Time to Time, by the Directions of One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, be appointed as a

Police

103 GEO. IV. C. 4L

A.D. 1829.

227

Police Force for the Whole of such District, who shall be sworn politan Police in by One of the said Justices to act as Constables for preserving District." the Peace, and preventing Robberies and other Felonies, and apprehending Offenders against the Peace; and the Men so sworn a Police Force shall, not only within the said District, but also within the Counties for the whole of Middlesex, Surrey, Hertford, Essex, and Kent, and within all District to be

Liberties therein, have all such Powers, Authorities, Privileges* appointed, and Advantages, and be liable to all such Duties and Responsibilities, as any Constable duly appointed now has or hereafter may have within his Constablewick by virtue of the Common Law of this Realm, or of any Statutes made or to be made, and shall obey all such lawful Commands as they may from Time to Time receive from any of the said Justices for conducting themselves in the Execution of their Office.

V. And be it enacted, That the said Justices may from Time to The Justices,

Time, subject to the Approbation of One of His Majesty's Principal subject to the Secretaries of State, frame such Orders and Regulations as they Approbation of shall deem expedient, relative to the general Government of the °

Men to be appointed Members of the Police Force under this Act; RegU_

the Places of their Residence; the Classification, Rank, and par- lations for the ticular Service of the several Members; their Distribution and Management of Inspection; the Description of Arms, Accoutrements, and other polh*e Necessaries to be furnished to them; and which of them shall be l^o^ce provided with Horses for the Performance of their Duty; and all

such other Orders and Regulations, relative to the said Police p Force, as the said Justices shall from Time to Time deem expedient

for preventing Neglect or Abuse, and for rendering such Force efficient in the Discharge of all its Duties; and the said Justices Police Men may at any Time suspend or dismiss from his Employment any may be sus-Man belonging to the said Police Force whom they shall think pe.nd^ or <?1S" remiss or negligent in the Discharge of his Duty, or otherwise unfit jJ^fces#y e for the same; and when any Man shall be so dismissed, or cease to belong to the said Police Force, all Powers vested in him as a Constable by virtue of this Act shall immediately cease and determine.

VI. And be it enacted, That if any Victualler or Keeper of any Penalty on House, Shop, Room, or other Place for the Sale of any Liquors, Publicans har-whether spirituous or otherwise, shall knowingly harbour or enter- during Police tain any Man belonging to the said Police Force, or permit such Houreof I? Man to abide or remain in his House, Shop, Room, or other ourso u Place during any Part of the Time appointed for his being on

Duty, every such Victualler or Keeper as aforesaid, being convicted thereof before any Two Justices of the Peace, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay such Sum, not exceeding Five Pounds, as they shall think meet.

VII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Man be- Powers of longing to the said Police Force, during the Time of his being on Police *

Duty, to apprehend all loose, idle, and disorderly Persons whom

he shall find disturbing the Public Peace, or whom he shall have just Cause to suspect of any evil Designs, and all Persons whom he shall find between Sunset and the Hour of Eight in the Forenoon lying in any Highway, Yard, or other Place, or loitering therein, and not giving a satisfactory Account of themselves, and to deliver any Person so apprehended into the Custody of the - Constable appointed under this Act, who shall be in Attendance at


228

C. 44.

10p GEO. IV.

Assaults on Police Men.

Constables attending at the Watchhouses in the Night may take Bail by Recognizance from Persons brought before them for Petty Misdemeanors; auch Recognizance to be conditioned for the Appearance of the Parties before a Magistrate.

In Default of Appearance, Recognizance to be forfeited.

Time of Hearing may be postponed.

His Majesty may appoint a

A.D.

1829.

the nearest Watch-house in order that such Person may be secured until he can be brought before a Justice of the Peace, to be dealt with according to Law, or may give Bail for his Appearance before a Justice of the Peace, if the Constable shall deem it prudent to-take Bail, in the Manner hereinafter mentioned.

VIII. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall assault or resist any Person belonging to the said Police Force in the Execution of his Duty, or shall aid or incite any Person so to assault or resist, every such Offender, being convicted thereof before Two Justices of the Peace, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay such Sum, not exceeding Five Pounds, as the said Justices shall think meet.

IX. And be it enacted, That where any Person charged with any Petty Misdemeanor shall be brought, without the Warrant of a Justice of the Peace, into the Custody of any Constable appointed under this Act, during his Attendance in the Night-time at any Watch-house within the Metropolitan Police District, it shall be lawful for such Constable, if he shall deem it prudent, to take Bail by Recognizance, without any Fee or Reward, from such Person, conditioned that such Person shall appear for Examination before a Justice of the Peace, at some Place to be specified in the Recognizance, at the Hour of Ten in the Forenoon next after such Recognizance shall be taken, unless that Hour shall fall on a Sunday or on Christmas Day or Good Friday, and in that Case at the like Hour on the succeeding Day; and every Recognizance so taken shall be of equal obligation on the Parties entering into the same, and liable to the same Proceedings for the estreating thereof, as if the same had been taken before a Justice of the Peace; and the Constable shall enter, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose in every Watch-house, the Names, Residence, and Occupation of the Party and his Surety or Sureties, if any, entering into such Recognizance, together with the Condition thereof, and the Sums respectively acknowledged, and shall lay the same before such Justice as shall be present at the Time and Place when and where the Party is required to appear; and if the Party does not appear at the Time and Place required, or within One Hour after, the Justice shall cause a Record of the Recognizance to be drawn up, to be signed by the Constable, and shall return the same to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, with a Certificate at the Back thereof, signed by such Justice, that the Party has not complied with the Obligation therein contained; and the Clerk of the Peace shall make the like Estreats and Schedules of every such Recognizance as of Recognizances forfeited in the Sessions of the Peace; and if the Party not appearing shall apply, by any Person on his Behalf, to postpone the Hearing of the Charge against him, and the Justice shall think fit to consent thereto, the Justice shall be at liberty to enlarge the Recognizance to such further Time as he shall appoint; and when the Matter shall be heard and determined, either by the Dismissal of the Complaint, or by binding the Barty over to answer the Matter thereof at the Sessions, or otherwise, the Recognizance for the Appearance of the Party before a Justice shall be discharged without Fee or Reward.

X. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to appoint a proper Person to receive all Sums of Money applicable

to

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 44.

229

to the Purposes of this Act, who shall be called "The Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District;" and His Majesty may remove any such Receiver, if he shall see Occasion so to do, and may upon any Vacancy in that Office* by Death, Removal, or otherwise, appoint another Person to be such Receiver; and the Receiver for the Time being shall give Security to His Majesty, in a Bond, with Two Sureties, in such Sum as the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland shall direct, such Bond to be conditioned for the faithful Performance of his Duty by such Receiver, and for the due Application of all Monies paid to him under this Act; and the Receiver for the Time being shall receive all Sums of Money applicable to the Purposes of this Act, and shall keep an exact and particular Account thereof, and shall immediately pay all Monies, Bills, and Notes by him received under this Act into the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; and the same shall be placed to an Account in the Books of the said Governor and Company, which shall be entitled " The Account of the Public Monies of the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District," inserting the Name of the Receiver for the Time being; and the said Receiver shall draw out of the Bank from Time to Time such Sums of Money as may be necessary for the Payment of the Salaries, Wages, and Allowances to be paid as herein-after mentioned to the Persons belonging to the Police Force appointed under this Act, and also for the Payment of all other Charges and Expences in carrying this Act into Execution; and every Draft or Order for Money on the Bank of England drawn by the Receiver shall be countersigned by One of the Justices appointed under this Act; and all Drafts and Orders so drawn and countersigned, but not otherwise, shall be a sufficient Authority to the Bank to pay the Amount thereof to the Persons named in them, or to the Bearers of them*.

XI. And be it enacted, That the Receiver shall account for the due Application of all Monies so to be drawn by him out of the Bank of England} and shall, once in every Six Months, and oftener, if required by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, make out and sign a full and particular Account of all Monies which shall have been received by him under this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid by him, and for what Purposes, together with proper Vouchers for the Receipts and Payments; and such Account shall be delivered, for the Purpose of being examined and audited, either to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts of this Kingdom, or to any other Person or Persons whom such Principal Secretary of State may from Time Time direct; and the Receiver, if directed to account before the said Commissioners, shall be subject to the same Regulations and Penalties in that Respect as any Public Accountant.

XII. And be it enacted, That the Receiver, out of the Monies so received by him, shall be allowed a yearly Salary not exceeding Seven hundred Pounds, to be payable quarterly; and the Receiver, out of the same Monies, snail from Time to Time pay to the Persons belonging to the Police Force appointed under this Act, such Salaries, Wages, and Allowances, and at such Periods, as One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State shall direct,

Person to be the Receiver of all Monies applicable to the Purposes of this Act, who shall give Security.

The Money to be placed in the Bank of England.and drawn out by the Receiver.

Receiver's Drafts to be countersigned.

Receiver's Accounts to be audited.

Salary of Receiver.

Salaries and Wages of Police Men to be regulated by the Secretary of State.

23G

C. 44.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829

Rewards for Activity, and Superannuation Allowances.

Upon the Death or Removal of Receiver, the Balance of Cash at the Bank shall be transferred to his Successor.

Upon the Removal of the Receiver, his Successor may sue for any Balance remaining in his Hands.

Mode of proceeding.

Special Bail.

Court may refer the Accounts to an Officer or Arbitrator.

and also any extraordinary Expences which they shall appear to have necessarily incurred in apprehending Offenders and executing the Orders of either of the Justices appointed under this Act, such Expences being first examined and approved of by One of the said Justices; and the Receiver shall likewise pay any further Sums which such Principal Secretary of State shall direct to be paid to any of the Persons belonging to the said Police Force, as a Reward for extraordinary Diligence or Exertion, or as a Compensation for Wounds or severe Injuries received in the Performance of their Duty, or as an Allowance to such of them as shall be disabled by bodily Injury received, or shall be worn out by Length of Service; and he shall also pay all other Charges and Expences which such Principal Secretary of State shall direct to be paid for carrying this Act into Execution.

XIII. And be it enacted, That upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal of any Receiver appointed under this Act, the Balance of Cash for which he shall at that Time have Credit on his Account, as Receiver, with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall, as soon as a Successor shall be appointed to the Office of Receiver, actually vest in such Successor, and shall be immediately transferred to the Account of such Successor, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act; and the Receiver for the Time being is hereby required to issue his Drafts or Orders, countersigned as aforesaid, for all unsatisfied Charges and Demands payable out of the Monies in the Bank, although the same shall have accrued in the Time of any former Receiver.

XIV. And be it enacted, That if any Person having resigned or having been removed from the Office of Receiver shall neglect, within Twenty-one Days after Notice for such Purpose, to account for and pay to any succeeding Receiver all such Sums of Money as shall remain in his Hands applicable to the Purposes of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Receiver for the Time being, in his own proper Name only, or by his Name and Description of Office, to sue for and recover the same from such Person, with Double Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt; in which Action it shall be sufficient for such Receiver to declare as for Money had and received to the Use of such Receiver for the Purposes of this Act; and the Defendant in the Action may, at the Discretion of any Judge of such Court, be held to Special Bail in such competent Sum as the Judge shall order; and the Court in which the Action shall be brought may, at the Instance of either of the Parties, refer the Account in Dispute in a summary Manner to be audited by any Officer of the Court or other fit Person, who may examine both Plaintiff and Defendant upon Oath (which Oath the said Referee shall have Power to administer); and upon the Report of such Referee, unless either of the Parties shall shew good Cause to the contrary, the Court may make a Rule, either for the Payment of such Sum as upon the Report shall appear to be due, or for staying the Proceedings in the Action, and upon such Terms and Conditions as to the Court shall appear reasonable; or the Court may order Judgment to be entered up by Confession, for such Sum as upon the Report shall appear to be due.

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 44.

- 31

XV. And be it enacted, That ifi case of the Death of any Person during the Time that he shall be holding the Office of Receiver, or after he shall have resigned or been removed from such Office, the Receiver for the Time being may, in his own proper Name only, or by his Name and Description of Office, sue for and recover from the Executors or Administrators of such Person deceased all such Sums of Money as shall have been remaining in his Hands applicable to the Purposes of this Act, by an Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; in which Action it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff to declare that the Deceased was indebted to the Plaintiff for Money had and received to his Use for the Purposes of this Act, or that the Deceased died possessed of Money had and received for the Purposes of this Act, whereby an Action hath accrued to the Plaintiff to demand and have the same from such Executors or Administrators; and the like Action may be brought against any Executors or Administrators of Executors or Administrators; and in all such Actions the Defendant or Defendants may plead in like Manner, and avail themselves of the like Matters in Defence, as in any Action founded upon simple Contracts of the original Testator or Intestate; and the Court may refer the Account in dispute to be audited by any Officer or Person, and may proceed upon the Report of such Referee in like Manner as is herein-before mentioned; and in all Actions to be brought, as well as in all Proceedings whatsoever to be instituted or carried on, by any Receiver by virtue of this Act, Proof of his acting in the Execution of the Office of Receiver shall be sufficient Evidence of his holding such Office, unless the contrary shall be shewn in Evidence by the Defendants in such Actions, or the Parties against whom such Proceedings shall be instituted or carried on.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the Receiver for the Time being shall make all such Contracts and Disbursements as shall be necessary for purchasing or renting any Land or Buildings, or for erecting, fitting up, furnishing, or repairing any Buildings, for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State shall direct; and of all Lands and Buildings so to be purchased or rented, and of the Fixtures and Furniture thereof, and of all Goods and Chattels whatsoever to be from Time to Time held or purchased for the Purposes of this Act, the Property acquired therein shall be vested in the Receiver for the Time being, in whom also shall be vested the Property of all Watch-houses, Watch-boxes, Arras, Accoutrements, and other Necessaries to be given up as hereinafter mentioned; and the Receiver for the Time being may, by the Directions of such Principal Secretary of State, sell, assign, or dispose of the Whole or any Part of any such Property as aforesaid, and shall execute all such lawful Matters for carrying this Act into Execution as such Principal Secretary of State shall from Time to Time direct.

XVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Corporate, and also for all Commissioners, Vestrymen, or Trustees for public Purposes, and for Tenants for Life or in Tail, and for the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies of such of the Proprietors or Persons interested in any Lands or Buildings required for the Purposes of this Act as shall by reason of any

Mode of proceeding again st the Representatives of a deceased Re-

Proof of the Receiver's official Character.

The Receiver shall contract for any Land or Buildings that may be required.

The Property to be vested in him.

Corporations and others empowered to sell Land to the Receiver.

232

C. 44.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

In case of Disagreement, &c. the Value shall be assessed by a Jury.

No Justice," Sec. under this Act to sit in Parliament.

No Justice, Receiver, Po-

legal Disability or of Absence beyond the Seas be incapable of acting for themselves, to contract and agree with the Receiver for the Time being, either for the absolute Sale of such Lands or Buildings, or for a Lease thereof for such Period as the Receiver shall require, and to convey, demise, or grant the same to the Receiver in Trust for the Purposes of this Act; and all such Contracts, Sales, Conveyances, Leases, and Grants shall be valid and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes; and in case any Body Corporate, Commissioners, Vestrymen, Trustees, or other Persons hereby authorized to contract on Behalf of themselves or others as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to agree with, or by reason of Disability or Absence shall be prevented from agreeing with, the Receiver, for the Sale or Lease of any Land or Buildings required by him, or*in case the Proprietors or Persons interested therein cannot be found or known, or shall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Land or Buildings so to be purchased or rented, or to the Interest they shall claim therein, to the Satisfaction of the Receiver, in every such Case all the Provisions contained in an Act passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for more effectually paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and regulating the Regent's Park, together with the new Street from the Regent's Park to Pall Mall, and the new Streets and Improvement in the Neighbourhood of Parliament Street and Privy Gardens, and for maintaining a convenient Sewage for the same, with regard to the Valuation of Estates and Interests by a Jury, the conclusive Effect of the Verdict of the Jury, and all Matters preparatory to, concomitant with, and consequent or contingent upon the Valuation by a Jury, shall, so far as the same are or can be applicable, be applied and extended to the Valuation of any Land or Buildings required for the Purposes of this Act, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if those Provisions nad been repeated and expressly re-enacted in this Act; and all such Matters as by those Provisions of the said Act are authorized or required to be done by the Sheriff of Middlesex and by a Jury of Middlesex, or by the High Bailiff of Westminster or his Deputy and by a Jury of Westminster, shall under this Act be done by the Sheriff and a Jury of Middlesex, if the Premises to be valued are situate in Middlesex, and by the High Bailiff or his Deputy and a Jury of Westminster, if the Premises are situate in Westminster; and all such Matters as by those Provisions of the said Act are authorized or required to be done by the Sheriff and a Jury of the County of Middlesex, shall, if the Premises to be valued are situate in any other County, be done under this Act by the Sheriff of such other County and by a Jury qualified to try Causes at Nisi Prius in such other County; and all such Matters as by those Provisions of the said Act are authorized or required to be done by the Commissioners therein mentioned shall, under this Act, be done by the Receiver for the Time being.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That no Justice of the Peace or Receiver appointed by virtue of this Act shall, during the Continuance of such Appointment, be capable of being elected or of sitting as a Member of the House of Commons; and no Justice, Receiver, or Person belonging to the Police Force appointed by virtue of this Act shall, during the Time that he shall continue in

A.D. 1829.

10° GEO. IV. C. 44.

233

any such Office, or within Six Calendar Months after he shall have quitted the same, be capable of giving his Vote for the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Hertford, Essex, or Kent, or for any City or Borough within the Metropolitan Police District, nor shall, by Word, Message, Writing, or in any other Manner, endeavour to persuade any Elector to give, or dissuade any Elector from giving, his Vote for the Choice of any Person to be a Member to serve in Parliament for any such County, City, or Borough; and if any such Justice, Receiver, or Person belonging to the Police Force shall offend therein, he shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered, by any Person who will sue for the same, by Action of Debt, to be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the Commission of the Offence; and One Moiety of the Sum so recovered shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof to the Receiver appointed under this Act, to be by him added to and applied as Part of the Funds for the Purposes of the Police under this Act: Provided always, that nothing in this Enactment contained shall subject any such Justice, Receiver, or Person belonging to the Police Force, to any Penalty for any Act done by him at or concerning any of the said Elections in the Discharge of his official Duty.

XIX. And Whereas some Time must elapse before a new Police Force can be appointed throughout the Whole of the Metropolitan Police District; Be it therefore enacted, That the Watchmen and others of the Night Police already appointed in any Parish, Township, Precinct, or Place within the Limits of the said District, may, notwithstanding the passing of this Act, continue to act in their respective Appointments, and shall be subject to the same Authorities as heretofore, until it shall be notified by the Justices appointed under this Act, that a new Police will be ready to undertake the Charge of any such Parish, Township, Precinct, or Place, on some Day to be specified in the Notice of the said Justices; which Notice shall be fixed on the Door of the Church or Chapel, or some other conspicuous Part of the Parish, Township, Precinct, or Place, on Two Sundays previous to the Day named for the same to take effect; and upon the Day so named the Night Watch and other Night Police appointed within any such Parish, Township, Precinct, or Place, previously to or independently of this Act, shall be discontinued; and all Powers and Authorities for assessing and levying any Rate in any such Parish, Township, Precinct, or Place, the Whole or any Part of which Rate shall be applicable to the Payment of the Night Watch or Night Police, or any Expences incident thereto, shall, so far as such Powers and Authorities relate to any whole Rate so applicable, or to that Part of any Rate which shall be so applicable, cease and determine; and ail Watch-houses and Watch-boxes in any such Parish, Township, Precinct, or Place, and all Arms, Accoutrements, and other Necessaries provided at the Public Expence for the Night Watch and Night Police therein, shall be given up to such Persons as shall be named by the said Justices, for the Use and Accommodation of the Police to be appointed under this Act; and in case any Person having the Charge, Controul, or Possession of any

lice Man, &c. appointed under this Act, to vote at certain Elections.

Penalty 100/.

[Proviso.]

The present Watch in each Parish, &c. in the Metropolitan District, shall continue until it shall be notified to such Parish that the new Police is appointed, and then all Watch-boxes, Arms, &c. shall be given up to the new Police, and the present Watch Rate shall cease.

Penalty for not giving up the

C. 44. 10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829. 234

Watch-boxes, &c.

Proviso for Watch Rates already imposed.

This Act not to affect the Rates for paving, lighting, &c.

Provision for outstanding Debts.

Power to set up Watch-boxes.

Watch-house, Watch-box, Arms, Accoutrements, or Necessaries as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to give up the same as hereinbefore required, every such Offender, being convicted thereof before any Two Justices of the Peace, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay, over and above the Value of the Property not given up, such Sum, not exceeding Five Pounds, as the said Justices shall think meet; and where there shall be any Building in any such Parish, Township, Precinct, or Place as aforesaid, a Part only of which Building shall have been heretofore used as a Watch-house, such Part shall be given up every Day from the Hour of Four in the Afternoon until the Hour of Nine in the Forenoon, for the Use and Accommodation of the Police Force to be appointed under this Act; and if any Person having the Charge, Controul, or Possession of any such Building shall neglect or refuse to give up such Part thereof for the Purposes aforesaid, or to permit free Access thereto or Egress therefrom, during any Portion of the Time above prescribed, every such Offender, being convicted thereof before any Two Justices of the Peace, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay such Sum, not exceeding Five Pounds, as the said Justices shall think meet.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Rate for defraying the Expences of the Night Watch or Night Police in any Parish, Township, Precinct, or Place, made previous to the Day on which the Police Force to be appointed under this Act shall undertake the Charge thereof, shall be levied and collected in the same Manner as if this Act had not been passed: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall be deemed to affect or alter any Powers or Authorities for assessing and levying any Rate in any such Parish, Township, Precinct, or Place, so far as such Rate may relate to paving, lighting, cleansing, or any other Object, except the Night Watch, Night Police, or any Expences incident thereto.

XXI. And Whereas there are certain Parishes, Townships, Precincts, and Places in the Metropolitan Police District, in which Monies have been borrowed or advanced, and Debts contracted for the building of Watch-houses, and for various Expences connected with the Night Watch and Night Police therein, and such Monies and Debts remain unpaid, and it is expedient that the same should be discharged; Be it therefore enacted, That all such Monies and Debts in any Parish, Township, Precinct, or Place, of which the Police to be appointed under this Act shall undertake the Charge, shall, notwithstanding any Thing herein-before contained, be chargeable upon the Rates out of which such Monies or Debts have been heretofore in Part paid, or would have been payable if this Act had not been passed; and such Rates shall be from Time to Time assessed and levied for the Payment of such Monies and Debts until the same shall be entirely discharged and satisfied.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the Justices appointed under this Act, subject to the Approbation of One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, may order such a Number of Watch-boxes as they shall from Time to Time think fit to be placed or fixed in such Parts of the Highways in any of the Parishes, Townships,

A.D. 1829. 1(T GEO. IV. C. 44.

ships, Precincts, and Places within the Metropolitan Police-District, as the said Justices shall deem most convenient.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That as soon as the Police to be appointed under this Act shall take charge of any Parish, Township, Precinct, or Place, whether Parochial or Extra-parochial, within the Metropolitan Police District, it shall be lawful for the Justices appointed under this Act, forthwith, and so from Time to Time, subject to the Approbation of One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, to issue a Warrant under their Hands to the Overseers of the Poor of every such Parish, Township, Precinct, or Place; by which Warrant they shall command the said Overseers, out of the Money collected for the Relief of the Poor in such Parish, Township, Precinct, or Place, to pay the Amount mentioned in the Warrant for the Purposes of the Police under this Act, or to levy such Amount as a Part of the Rate for the Relief of the Poor in such Parish, Township, Precinct, or Place, and that the Overseers shall pay over the Amount mentioned in the Warrant, to the Receiver to be appointed under this Act, within Forty Days from the Delivery of such Warrant to any One of the Overseers: Provided always, that the Sum to be paid for the Purposes of the Police under this Act shall not exceed in the Whole in any One Year the Rate of Eight-pence in the Pound on the full and fair annual Value of all Property rateable for the Relief of the Poor within such Parish, Township, Precinct, or Place, such full and fair annual Value to be computed according to the last Valuation for the Time being acted upon in assessing the County Rate; and that the Warrant shall specify the Rate in the Pound at which the Sum mentioned therein shall be computed.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That where any Persons other than the Overseers of the Poor shall, by virtue of any Office or Appointment, be authorized and required to make and collect or cause to be collected the Rate for the Relief of the Poor in any Parish, Township, Precinct, or Place within the Metropolitan Police District, such Persons, by whatsoever Title they may be called, shall be deemed to be Overseers of the Poor within the Meaning of this Act, and to be included under and denoted by the Words " Overseers of the Poor," for all the Purposes of this Act, as fully as if they were commonly called or known by the Title of Overseers of the Poor.

XXV. And be it enacted, That the Overseers of the Poor of every Parish, Township, Precinct, or Place within the Metropolitan Police District, to whom any such Warrant as aforesaid shall be issued, shall pay the Amount mentioned in the Warrant out of any Money in their Hands collected for the Relief of the Poor; and if there be no such Money in their Hands, or an insufficient Sum, they shall levy the Amount required as a Part of the Rate for the Relief of the Poor, and shall for that Purpose proceed in the same Manner, and have the same Powers, Remedies, and Privileges as for levying Money for the Relief of the Poor; and such Overseers shall pay to the Receiver the Amount mentioned in the Warrant within the Time specified for that Purpose, and at the Time of making any Payment to the Receiver shall deliver to him a Note in Writing signed by them, specifying the Amount so paid, which Note shall be kept by the Receiver as a Voucher for his Receipt

- of

235

The Overseers in every Parish, &c. in the Metropolitan District shall be ordered to levy a Police Rate upon all Persons liable to the Poor Rate.

Not to exceed 8d, in the Pound in any One Year, according to the Valuation for County Rate.

Who to be deemed Overseers within this Act.

Overseers shall collect the Police Rate in the same Manner as the Poor Rate.

C. 44.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Receipt of the Receiver shall he a sufficient Discharge.

Overseers, on Nonpayment of the Police Rate, shall be distrained upon;

and in Default of sufficient Distress, the Arrears may be re-levied on the Parish.

In case of Default, &c. occasional Overseers may be appointed for levying the Police Rate.

In Property occupied by Ambassadors, the Landlord shall pay the Police Rate.

Right of inspecting County Rates, &c.

of that particular Amount; and the Receipt of the Receiver, specifying the Amount paid to him by the Overseers, shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Overseers for such Amount, and shall be allowed as such in passing their Accounts with their respective Parishes, Townships, Precincts, or Places.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That in case the Amount ordered by such Warrant as aforesaid to be paid by the Overseers in any Parish, Township, Precinct, or Place in the Metropolitan Police District, shall not be paid to the Receiver within the Time specified for that Purpose in the Warrant, the Justices appointed under this Act, upon Complaint thereof made to them by the Receiver, may issue their Warrant for levying the Amount, or so much thereof as may be in Arrear, by Distress and Sale of the Goods of all or any of the said Overseers; and in case the Goods of all the Overseers shall not be sufficient to pay the same, the Arrears thereof shall be added to the Amount of the next Levy which shall be directed to be made in such Parish, Township, Precinct, or Place for the Purposes of the Police under this Act, and shall be collected by the like Methods; and the said Justices, in case of any Default or Neglect of any Overseer or Overseers, or in any other Case in which One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State shall so direct, may appoint Two or more Persons to act as Overseers of the Poor within any Parish, Township, Precinct, or Place in the Metropolitan Police District, for levying the Money for the Purposes of the Police under this Act; and the Persons so appointed shall proceed in the same Manner, and shall have the same Powers, Remedies, and Privileges, and shall be subject to the same Regulations and Penalties, with reference to the levying of such Money, as if they had been appointed Overseers of the Poor by virtue of any Law or Laws now in Force.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That where any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the Metropolitan Police District shall be occupied by any Ambassador, Agent, or other Public Minister of any Foreign Prince or State, or by the Servant of any such Ambassador, Agent, or Minister, or by any other Person not liable by Law to the Payment of the Poor's Rate, all such Money as would by virtue of this Act have been payable for the Purposes of the Police by the Occupier of such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, if such Occupier had been rateable to the Relief of the Poor, shall in such Case be paid by and recoverable from the Landlord or Owner thereof, who shall for this Purpose be deemed the Occupier thereof, and shall be liable to all such Proceedings for Nonpayment of such Money as any Person is by Law liable to for Nonpayment of Poor Rate.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That any Justice appointed under this Act, or any Person having an Order for that Purpose under the Hand of any such Justice, may inspect any County Rate made or to be made for any County, any Part of which shall be situate within the Metropolitan Police District, and may also inspect any Returns concerning all or any of the Parishes, Townships, Precincts, and Places, whether Parochial or Extra-parochial in the said District, delivered or to be delivered in pursuance of any of the Acts relating to County Rates, and may take Copies or Extracts from any such Rates or Returns without Payment of any Fee or

Reward;

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV.

JC. 44.

237

Reward; and if any Person having the Custody of any such Rate or Return shall wilfully neglect or refuse to permit any such Justice or other Person to inspect the same, or to take Copies or Extracts from the same, within Two Days after such Order shall have been produced and shewn to him, or a Copy thereof left at his usual Place of Abode, he shall, on Conviction thereof before any Two Justices of the Peace, forfeit and pay for every such Offence such Sum, not exceeding Ten Pounds, as they shall think meet.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That an Account of all Monies received and expended for the Purposes of this Act, made up to the Thirty-first Day of December in each Year, shall annually be laid before both Houses of Parliament within Thirty Days thereafter, if Parliament be then sitting, or within Thirty Days after the first Meeting of Parliament subsequent to the Thirty-first of December, and such Account shall specify the total Sum charged upon and received from every Parish, Township, Precinct, and Place for the Purposes of this Act, the Rate in the Pound at which such Sum shall have been computed, and the total annual Value of the entire Property in every such Parish, Township, Precinct, and Place, as such total annual Value shall be stated in the last Valuation for the Time being acted upon in assessing the County Rate; and such Account shall also specify the different Heads of Expenditure for the Purposes of the Police, and the Amount actually expended under each.

XXX. And Whereas it is expedient to provide for those Precincts and Places in the Metropolitan Police District in which no 1 Rate is made for the Relief of the Poor, or in which Property may be deemed not to be rateable thereto Be it therefore enacted, That the respective Inhabitants and Occupiers of all Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in any Precinct or Place, whether Parochial or Extra-parochial, in the Metropolitan Police District, although such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments may not be rated to the Relief of the Poor, or may be deemed not to be rateable thereto, shall nevertheless be liable to contribute to the Expences of the Police under this Act, as if the Property so inhabited or occupied were rateable and rated to the Relief of the Poor; and the Justices appointed under this Act may from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, appoint a proper Person to be an Assessor, for the Purpose of assessing the full and fair annual Value of such Property, and rating the same to a Police Rate to be levied under this Act: Provided always, that the Sum to be levied as a Police Rate shall not exceed in the Whole in any One Year the Rate of Eight-pence in the Pound on the full and fair annual Value of such Property; and such Assessor shall, within Forty Days after the Delivery to him of the Warrant of his Appointment, make, sign, and return to the said Justices an Assessment for the Precinct or Place named in such Warrant; and the Assessment shall be fairly written in a Book, and shall specify, in different Columns, the Names of the respective Inhabitants or Occupiers of all Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, the full and fair annual Value of the same, and the Amount of Police Rate charged on the Inhabitants or Occupiers thereof, and, when the Premises shall be unoccupied, the full and fair annual Value thereof to let; and every such Assessor shall be

allowed

Accounts to be laid before Parliament an. nually.

Provision for assessing and levying Police Rare in those Places within the Metropolitan District where there is no Poor Rate.

Mode of making the Assessment.

Allowance to Assessors.

C. 44.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

When Assessment is made. Notice thereof shall be given, and all Persons included in the Assessment shall have Liberty to inspect it, &c.

Penalty for refusing such Inspection.

Collection of the Police Rate charged in such Assessment.

Appeal against Assessment.

allowed for his Trouble and Expences such Remuneration as One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State shall direct, and the same shall be paid out of the Amount of the Police Rate which shall be collected after such Assessment.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That when such Assessment shall have been allowed by the Justices appointed under this Act, public Notice of such Assessment, and of the Place where the same may be inspected, shall be given by fixing such Notice on the Door of the Church or Chapel, or some other conspicuous Part of the Precinct or Place to which such Assessment shall relate, upon the Sunday next or next but One after the same shall have been so allowed; and any Person in whose Custody such Assessment may be shall permit every Inhabitant or Occupier of Property included in such Assessment to inspect the same, and to make any Extracts therefrom, without Payment of any Fee or Reward; and if such Person shall wilfully neglect or refuse to permit any such Inhabitant or Occupier to inspect such Assessment, or to make any Extract therefrom, he shall on Conviction thereof, before any Two Justices of the Peace, forfeit and pay for every such Offence such Sum, not exceeding Five Pounds, as the Justices shall think meet.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That the Justices appointed under this Act shall from Time to Time nominate One or more Person or Persons for levying the Amount of Police Rate charged in every such Assessment, who shall proceed in the same Mauner, and shall have the same Powers, Remedies, and Privileges, and shall be sub-

iect to the same Regulations and Penalties, with Reference to the evying of such Police Rate, as if he or they were an Overseer or Overseers of the Poor in a Precinct or Place rated to the Relief of the Poor, and shall pay over the Amount of such Police Rate to the Receiver to be appointed under this Act, or in Default thereof shall be proceeded against in the same Manner as Over* seers are by this Act to be proceeded against for Nonpayment.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person, who shall have paid the Amount of Police Rate charged upon him by the Assessment made by an Assessor appointed under this Act, snail think himself aggrieved by such Assessment, on the Ground that such Assessment includes any Property for which he is not rateable under this Act, or that it assesses his rateable Property beyond its full and fair annual Value, or that any Person or Persons is or are omitted out of such Assessment, or that the Property of any Person or Persons is assessed below its full and fair annual Value, the Person so aggrieved may appeal to the next Court of General or Quarter Sessions which shall be holden for the County in which the Cause of Appeal shall have arisen, not less than Twenty-one Days after public Notice of such Assessment shall have been given as herein-before mentioned; provided that the Person so intending to appeal shall give to the Receiver to be appointed under this Act a Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of the Cause and Matter thereof, Ten clear Days at the least before such Sessions; and shall also, within Three Days after his Notice of Appeal, enter into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace of the County, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal at the said Sessions, and to abide the Order of the Court thereupon, and to pay such Costs as shall be by the Court awarded;

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 44.

239

and in case such Per soft shall appeal on the Ground that any Person or Persons is or are omitted out of the Assessment, or that the Property of any Person or Persons is assessed below its full and fair annual Value, the Party so appealing shall not only give such Notice of Appeal to the Receiver, and enter into such Recognizance as aforesaid, but shall also give a like Notice of Appeal to the Person or Persons so interested in the Event of such Appeal as aforesaid, and shall enter into a like Recognizance within the Times herein-before respectively mentioned; and the Person or Persons so interested shall, if he or they shall desire it, be heard upon the Appeal; and the Justices of the Peace at such Sessions, or some Adjournment thereof, upon due Proof of the Notice having been given, and of the Recognizance having been entered into as aforesaid, shall hear and determine the Matter of the Appeal in a summary Manner, and shall make such Order therein, with or without Costs to either Party, as the said Justices shall think proper; and in case the said Justices shall think the Appellant entitled to Relief, they shall order the Assessment to be amended in such Manner as may be necessary for giving him Relief, and shall also order any Money paid by him which he was not liable to pay to be returned to him; and in case he shall have appealed on the Ground that any Person or Persons is or are omitted out of the Assessment, the said Justices may order the Name or Names of such Person or Persons to be inserted in the Assessment, and to be therein rated at such Amount as they shall deem just; and in case the Appellant shall have appealed on the Ground that the Property of any Person or Persons is assessed below its full and fair annual Value, the said Justices may order the Amount at which such Person or Persons is or are rated in the Assessment to be altered in such Manner as they shall deem just; and the proper Officer of the Court shall in each of the Cases aforesaid forthwith amend the Assessment accordingly, but the Assessment shall not be quashed or altered with respect to any other Persons named therein; and the Determination of the Justices at any such Sessions or Adjournment shall be final and conclusive.

XXXIV. And Whereas Circumstances may occur which may render it expedient that the Provisions of this Act should beex- tended to other Places in Addition to the Places which are enumerated in the Schedule to this Act; f Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty from Time to Time, by the Advice of His Privy Council, to order that any Parishes, Townships, Precincts, and Places, whether Parochial or Extra-parochial, in the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Hertford, Essex, and Kent, of which any Part shall be situate within Twelve Miles of Charing Cross in the City of Westminster; shall, after a certain Day to be named in such Order, be added to and form Part of the Metropolitan Police District, and be placed under the Charge of a Police to be appointed under this Act; and all Provisions herein-before contained with regard to the Discontinuance of the Night Watch and Night Police appointed previously to or independently of this Act, the Cessation of their Powers, the Cessation of the Powers for levying Watch Rates, the giving up of Watch-houses, or Parts of Buildings used as Watch-houses, Watch-boxes, Arms, Accoutrements, and other Necessaries, together with the Penalties for Ne-

The Assessment nifty be altered to relieve the Appellant, without altering any other Port of it.

His Majesty may hereafter, by Order in Council, direct any Parishes within a certain Distance of the Metropolis to be added to the District, and such Parishes when so added shall be subject to all the Provisions of this Act.

240

C. 44.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Misnomers not to affect the Execution of the Act.

Summons, &c. for Offences punishable on summary Conviction under this Act.

Limitation of Time for such Proceedings.

Application of Penalties.

Persons paying Police Rate

gleet or Refusal in that Behalf, the Exception as to any Watch Rate previously made, and the Power to assess and levy Rates for Debts previously incurred, and also all Provisions herein-before contained with regard to the levying of Money for the Purposes of the Police, the levying thereof as a Part of the Poor's Rate, the Amount of such Levy, the Payment thereof to the Receiver, the Proceedings against Overseers for Default, the Addition of Arrears to the next Levy, the Appointment of Persons to act as Overseers, and all Provisions with regard to the Assessment of Property, and the rating of the same to a Police Rate by Assessors appointed under this Act, and with regard to the Powers and Duties of such Assessors, as well as all other Matters whatsoever previous to, concomitant with, or consequent or contingent upon such Assessment, shall apply and be enforced in every Parish, Township, Precinct, and Place which shall by Order in Council be added to the Metropolitan Police District, as fully and effectually as if such Parish, Township, Precinct, or Place had been originally included in such District by virtue of this Act.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That no Misnomer or inaccurate Description of any Parish, Township, Precinct, or Place mentioned in the Schedule to this Act, or in any Order in Council to )be made as aforesaid, shall prevent or in anywise affect the Execution of this Act, but that this Act and every Part thereof shall apply and be enforced in every such Parish, Township, Precinct, and Place, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been correctly named and described in such Schedule or Order in Council, provided that the same be designated therein to common Intent and Understanding; and united Parishes shall for all the Purposes of this Act be deemed to be included under and denoted by the Word " Parish."

XXXVI. And for the more effectual Prosecution of Offences punishable upon summary Conviction by virtue of this Act, be it enacted, That where any Person shall be charged, on the Oath of a credible Witness, with any such Offence before any Justice of the Peace, the Justice may summon the Person charged to appear before any Two Justices of the Peace, at a Time and Place to be named in such Summons; and if the Person charged shall not appear accordingly, then (upon Proof of the due Service of the Summons, by delivering a Copy thereof to such Person, or by delivering a Copy to the Wife or Servant or some Inmate of the Family of such Person, at his usual Place of Abode,) the Justices before whom he ought to have appeared may either proceed to hear and determine the Case ex parte, or may issue their Warrant for apprehending such Person, and bringing him before them: Provided always, that the Prosecution for any Offence punishable upon summary Conviction by virtue of this Act shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months after the Commission of the Offence, and not otherwise.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That every Sum which by any Justices of the Peace shall be adjudged to be paid for any Offence against this Act shall be paid to the Receiver appointed under this Act, to be by him added to and applied as Part of the Funds for the Purposes of the Police under this Act; and no Person, although liable to the Payment of Money for the Maintenance of

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 44.

241

the Police under this Act, shall by reason thereof, or by reason of the Application of any Penalty to the Use of the Police Funds, be deemed to be an incompetent Witness before any Court or Justice or Justices of the Peace in any Proceeding whatever for any Offence against this Act, or in any Matter relating to the Money to be raised for the Maintenance of the Police, or in any other Matter mentioned in this Act; and no Justice of the Peace shall be disabled from acting in the Execution of this Act by reason of his being liable to the Payment of any Money for the Maintenance of the Police under this Act.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That the Justices of the Peace,

by whom any Person shall be convicted and adjudged to pay any Sum of Money for any Offence against this Act, may adjudge that such Person shall pay the same either immediately or within such Period as they shall think fit; and that in Default of Payment at the Time appointed, he shall be imprisoned in the Common Gaol or House of Correction for any Term not exceeding Two Calendar Months, where the Sum to be paid shall not exceed Five Pounds, and for any Term not exceeding Four Calendar Months, where the Sum shall not exceed Ten Pounds, and for any Term not exceeding Six Calendar Months in any other Case; the Imprisonment to cease in each of the Cases aforesaid upon Payment of the Sum due.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That the Justices before whom any Person shall be summarily convicted of any Offence against this Act may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following' Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect, as the Case may require; that is to say,

i X lt remembered, That on the Day of

to wit. j in the Year of our Lord

1 at in the County of A.B. is convicted

before us [naming the Justices], Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, for that he the said A.B. did

[specify the Offence, and the Time and Place, token and where the

same was committed, as the Case may be']; and we the said Justices adjudge the said A.B. for nis said Offence to forfeit and pay the Sum of [here state the

Amount of the Sum to be paid]; and in Default of immediate Payment of the said Sum, to be imprisoned in the

for the Space of, unless the said Sum shall be

sooner paid; [or, and we order that the said Sum shall be paid by the said A.B. on or before the Day of

.; and in Default of Payment on or before

that Day, we adjudge the said A.B. to be imprisoned in the for the Space of, unless

the said Sum shall be sooner paid; ] and we direct that the said Sum shall be paid to the Receiver for the

Metropolitan Police District, to be by him applied according to

the Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for improving the Police in and near the Metropolis. Given under our Hands the Day and Year first above mentioned. '

10 Geo. IV. R

may give Evidence or act as Justices.

Scale of Imprisonment for Nonpayment of Penalties.

Form of Conviction.

242

C. 44.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

No Certiorari, dec.

As to Inform mality in Warrants, &c.

Venue in Proceedings against Persona acting under this Act;

Notice of Action;

General Issue; Tender of Amends, &c.

This Act not to supersede 3 G.4. c. 55. or 6 G.4. c 21.

XL. And be it enacted, That no Conviction, Order, Warrant, or other Matter, made or purporting to be made by virtue of this Act, shall be quashed for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari or otherwise into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and no Warrant of Commitment shall be held void by reason of any Defect therein, provided that it be therein alleged that the Party has been convicted, and there be a good and valid Conviction to sustain the same; and where any Distress shall be made for levying any Money by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party making the same be deemed a Trespasser, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, *or other Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party distraining be deemed a Trespasser ab initio, on account of any Irregularity afterwards committed by him, but the Person aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage, if any, in an Action upon the Case.

XLI. And, for the Protection of Persons acting in the Execution of this Act, be it enacted, That all Actions and Prosecutions to be commenced against any Person for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act shall be laid and tried in the County where the Fact was committed, and shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the Fact committed, and not otherwise; and Notice in Writing of such Action, and of the Cause thereof, shall be given to the Defendant One Calendar Month at least before the Commencement of the Action; and in any such Action the Defendant may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and no Plaintiff shall recover in any such Action if Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made before such Action brought, or if a sufficient Sum of Money shall have been paid into Court after such Action brought, by or on Behalf of the Defendant; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant, or the Plaintiff shall become Nonsuit, or discontinue any such Action after Issue joined, or if, upon Demurrer or otherwise, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff, the Defendant shall recover his full Costs as between Attorney and Client, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath by Law in other Cases; and though a Verdict shall be given for the Plaintiff in any such Action, such Plaintiff shall not have Costs against the Defendant, unless the Judge before whom the Trial shall be shall certify his Approbation of the Action and of the Verdict obtained thereupon.

XLII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall affect or alter an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace in and near the Metropolis, and for the more effectual Prevention of Depredations on the River Thames and its Vicinity, for Seven Years; or an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the present Reign, intituled An Act to amend an Act for the more effectual Administration of the Office of Justice of the Peace in and near the Metropolis.

10° GEO. IV. C. 44.

243

XLIII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended, Act may be altered, or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present altered this Session of Pari lament. Session.

[Public Act.]

XLIV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

A LIST of the Parishes, Townships, Precincts, and P^acc* referred to by the Act as constituting " The Metropolitan Police District."

COUNTY OF MIDDLESEX.

City and Liberties of Westminster.

The Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist. The Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields.

The Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square.

The Parish of Saint James.

The Parish of Saint Mary le Strand, as well within the Liberty of Westminster as within the Duchy Liberty.

The Parish of Saint Clement Danes, as well within the Liberty of Westminster as within the Duchy Liberty.

The Parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden.

The Parish of Saint Ann in the Liberty of Westminster. Whitehall Gardens, whether the same be Parochial or Extra-parochial.

Whitehall, whether the same be Parochial or Extra-parochial. Richmond Terrace, whether the same be Parochial or Extra-parochial.

The Close of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter.

Holborn Division.

The Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George, Bloomsbury.

The Parishes of Saint Andrew, Holborn, and Saint George the Martyr.

The Liberty of Saffron Hill, Hatton Garden, and Ely Rents. The Liberty of the Rolls.

The Parish of Saint Pancras.

The Parish of Saint John, Hampstead.

The Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone.

The Parish of Paddington.

The Precinct of the Savoy.

Finsbury Division.

The Parish of Saint Luke.

The Liberty of Glasshouse Yard.

The Parish of Saint Sepulchre.

The Parish of Saint James, Clerkenwell, including both Districts of Saint James and Saint John.

244

C. 44.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

The Parish of Saint Mary, Islington.

The Parish of Saint Mary, Stoke Newington.

The Charter House.

Toiler Division.

The Parish of Saint Mary, Whitechapel.

The Parish of Christchurch.

The Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch.

The Liberty of Norton Falgate.

The Parish of Saint John, Hackney *

The Parish of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green.

The Hamlet of Mile End Old Town.

The Hamlet of Mile End New Town.

The Parish of Saint Mary, Stratford Bow.

The Parish of Bromley Saint Leonard.

The Parish of All Saints, Poplar.

The Parish of Saint Ann, Limehouse.

The Hamlet of Ratcliffe.

The Parish of Saint Paul, Shadwell.

The Parish of Saint George in the East.

The Parish of Saint John, Wapping.

The Liberty of East Smithfield.

The Preempt of Saint Catherine.

The Liberty of His Majesty's Tower of London, consisting of The Liberty of the Old Artillery Ground.

The Parish of Trinity, Minories.

The Old Tower Precinct.

The Precinct of the Tower within.

The Precinct of Wellclose.

Kensington Division.

The Parish of Kensington.

The Parish of Saint Luke, Chelsea.

The Parish of Fulham.

The Hamlet of Hammersmith.

The Parish of Chiswick.

The Parish of Ealing.

The Parish of Acton.

Brentford Division.

The Township of New Brentford.

Extra-parochial Places.

Lincoln's Inn.

Gray's Inn.

Staple's Inn.

That Part of Furnival's Inn in the County of Middlesex. Ely Place.

KENT.

The Parish of Saint Paul, Deptford.

The Parish of Saint Nicholas, Deptford.

The Parish of Greenwich.

SURREY.

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 44* 45.

245

1 SURREY.

The Parish of Barries.

The Parish of Battersea.

The Hamlet of Penge.

The Parish of Bermondsey.

The Parish of Camberwell.

The Parish of Clapham.

The Parish of Lambeth.

The Parish, of Newington.

The Parish of Putney.

The Parish of Rotherhithe.

The Parish of Streatham.

The Parish of Tooting.

The Parish of Wandsworth.

The Parish of Christchurch.

Clink Liberty.

The Hamlet of Hatcham, in the Parish of Deptford.

BOROUGH OF SOUTHWARK.

The Parish of Saint George.

The Parish of Saint Saviour.

The Parish of Saint John.

The Parish of Saint Olave.

The Parish of Saint Thomas.

CAP. XLV.

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, an Act for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace in and near the Metropolis.

[19th June 1829.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Third Year of the present Reign, intituled An Act for the more effectual Ad- 3 0.4. c. 55.

ministration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace in and near the Metropolis, and for the more effectual Prevention of Depredations on the River Thames and its Vicinity, for Seven Years,

which Act was amended by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the present Reign, intituled An Act to amend an Act for the 6 G.4. c. 2i.

more effectual Administration of the Office of Justice of the Peace in and near the Metropolis: And Whereas it is expedient to continue the said first'mentioned Act as the same is amended by the said last-mentioned Act; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act of the Third Year of this Reign, as the Recited Act same is amended by the said Act of the Sixth Year of this Reign, 3 G.4. c. 55. as and by this Act, shall continue and be in Force until the Fifth «uled by Day of Jidy One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, and Uds^Act from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, continued/

II. And Whereas, in case of the Establishment of a new Secretary of

R 3 Police State may

246

direct that the Horae and Foot Patrol be placed under the new Police Office when established.

For removing Doubts as to the Application of Penalties and Forfeitures recovered before any of the Justices.

C. 45. 10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Police Office for the Administration of the Police in and near

the Metropolis, it may be expedient that the Horse and Foot

Patrol, now acting under the Orders of the Chief Magistrate of the Public Office in Boxv Street, should be placed under the Orders of such new Police Office; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to direct that such Horse and Foot Patrol shall be under the Orders of the Justices of such new Police Office when the same shall be established; and that any of such Justices shall have Power to administer, to all Persons who now do or hereafter may belong to such Horse and Foot Patrol, an Oath to the same Effect as the Chief Magistrate of the Office in Boto Street is empowered to administer by the said recited Act of the Sixth Year of this Reign; and the Persons taking such Oath shall have Power to act as Constables within the same Counties and Places as are mentioned in the said last-mentioned Act, and shall in such Counties and Places have all such Powers, Authorities, Privileges, and Advantages as any Constable now has or hereafter may have within his Constablewick; and it shall be lawful for such Principal Secretary of State to direct that the Receiver appointed under the said recited Act of the Third Year of this Reign shall, out of the Monies issued to him out of the Consolidated Fund, pay over in each Year to such Person as may be appointed Receiver of Monies applicable to the Purposes of such new Police, such Sum of Money as may now by Law be applied to the Maintenance of the said Horse and Foot Patrol, the same to be hereafter applied towards defraying the Charges and Expences of the said Horse and Foot Patrol, after the same shall be placed under the Orders of such new Police Office.

III. And Whereas it is expedient to remove all Doubts respecting the Application of such Penalties and Forfeitures as may be recovered before any Justice or Justices at any of the Offices mentioned in the said Act of the Third Year of this Reign; Be it therefore enacted, That where by any Act or Acts any Penalties or Forfeitures, or Shares of Penalties or Forfeitures, are or shall be recoverable in a summary Manner before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, and by such Act or Acts respectively the same are or shall be limited and made payable to His Majesty, or to any Body Corporate, or to any Person or Persons whatsoever, save and except the Informer who shall sue for the same, or any Party aggrieved, in every such Case the same, if recovered or adjudged before any Justice or Justices at any of the said Offices, shall, notwithstanding any Thing in such Act or Acts respectively contained, be recovered for and ad-

»; d to be paid to the Receiver for the Time being mentioned e said Act of the Third Year of this Reign, to be by him applied for the Purposes of the said Act; and the same shall not in any Case be recovered by or adjudged to be paid to any other Person than the said Receiver, unless such Person be the Informer or the Party aggrieved; and each of the Justices at the said Offices, and their Clerks, and the said Receiver, are hereby released and indemnified from all Claims and Demands, except those of His Majesty, in respect of any Penalties or Forfeitures, or Shares of

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 45, 46.

247

Penalties or Forfeitures, which before the passing of this Act shall have been received at any of the said Offices, and claimed and retained for or on Behalf of the said Receiver.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for more effectually executing an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for the better Regulation of Divisions in the several Counties of England and Wales.

[19th June 1829.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of Divisions in the several Counties of England and Wales, the Court of Quarter Sessions is empowered in certain Cases to make Orders for altering existing Divisions, and for constituting new Divisions for holding Petty Sessions, whereby in many Cases Parts of a Hundred, Wapentake, Ward, or other District in the Nature of a Hundred, will be severed, for the Purposes aforesaid, from the

main Body thereof, and such Hundred or other like District will thereafter be situate in Two or more Divisions: And Whereas by divers Acts it is required of High Constables to give Notice 4 to, or to serve Precepts on, Petty Constables, Churchwardens, 4 Overseers of the Poor, Surveyors of the Highways, and others, 4 similar Duties may be cast upon High Constables by future Acts, and the Labour of executing such Duties will be increased by the Severance of the Hundred or other like District under the Provisions of the said recited Act, and Difficulties may arise in the due Execution of Process in such Cases:' For Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That whensoever the Court of Quarter Sessions shall, under the said Provisions, make an Order for changing any Parish, Tithing, Township, or Place from one Division to another, or an Order for constituting any new Division, and it shall appear to the Court that any Inconvenience will arise from such Change if the High Constable or High Constables shall continue liable to perform the Duties aforesaid in respect to the Whole of his or their Hundred or other like District, the same Court of Quarter Sessions shall make an Order for remedying such Inconvenience, either by directing that where there are more than One High Constable, such Duties shall be divided between them, in such Manner as to the Court shall seem fit, or, if Circumstances shall so require, that the High Constable or High Constables shall be entirely exempted from the Performance of a certain Portion of those Duties, and that the same Portion shall be

performed by the High Constable of any other Hundred, or by some Petty Constable, Tithingman, or other Peace Officer, or by some other Person or Persons to be specified in the Order; and every such Order shall be binding on all Justices, Officers, and Persons whomsoever.

II. Provided always, That neither this Act, nor any Order to be mado by virtue thereof, shall prejudice or affect the Rights of any

R 4 Lord

9 G.4. c. 4S.

Court of Quarter j Session, on making Order for Division of any District, may at the same-Time make Order respecting the Duties of the High Constables.

Act not to affect the Rights of Lords of Manors.

248

C. 46, 47.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Lord of any Hundred, Manor, or other Franchise, nor any Person claiming under him, otherwise than as to the Service of Process in the Cases hereinbefore mentioned or referred to.

47 G.3.

Sess. 2. c. 54.

50 G.3. c. 109.

4 G.4. c. 14.

Recited Acts, 47 G. 3.

Sess 2. c. 54. and 50 G.S. c. 109. continued.

Lord Lieutenant may remit or mitigate Penalties.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act to continue for One Year, and until the End of the next Session of Parliament, and to amend, Two Acts made in the Forty-seventh and Fiftieth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the preventing improper Persons from having Arms in Ireland.

[19th June 1829.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Forty-seventh Year of 4 the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to prevent improper Persons from having Arms in Ireland, to continue in Force, from the passing thereof, for Two Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And Whereas, by an Act made in the Fiftieth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, the said recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year of His said late Majesty's Reign was continued and amended: And Whereas, by an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said recited Acts of the Forty-seventh and Fiftieth Years were continued, and are in Force until the End of this present Session of Parliament: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Two 4 recited Acts of the Forty-seventh and Fiftieth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty should be further continued and amended Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, as the said Act is amended by the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, and by this Act, shall be and the said Acts are hereby continued, and shall be and remain and continue in Force, from the passing of this Act, for One Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, as the same are amended by this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by any Order to be signified by his or their Chief Secretary, or in the Absence of such Secretary, then by the Under Secretary, to remit or mitigate any Penalty, Forfeiture, or Punishment which may have been or may be incurred by any Person or Persons for any Offence against the said recited Acts or either of them, upon such Terms and subject to such Conditions as to such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall seem fitting and expedient.

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. I V.

C«48.

249

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to authorize the Sale and Transfer of the Stocks or Funds standing in the Books of the Bank of Ireland on account of the Office of the Clerk of the Pleas in the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, and the Payment and Application of the Produce of such Stocks or Funds to the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom.

[19th June 1829.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fifty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to make Provision for securingt for a Time to be 55 g.s. c. 122. 4 limited, the Profits of the Office of Clerk of the Pleas of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland, it was among other Things enacted, that certain Persons, Clerks, and Officers in the said Act mentioned should deliver and transmit to the Auditor General of the Exchequer of Ireland One or more Account or Accounts, stating the several Sums of Money received for or on account of or by reason of the Fees or pecuniary Profits of or by or under Colour of the said Office of Clerk of the Pleas in the said Court, or of the several other Places or Situations in the said Act mentioned, during the several Periods and at the several Times and in Manner in the said Act mentioned and directed; and it was by the said recited Act also enacted, that each and every Person who should deliver any such Account under the Provisions of the said Act should pay or cause to be paid into the Bank of Ireland, to an Account to be kept in the Books of the said Bank, and to be intituled In the Matter of the Office of Clerk of the Pleas in the Court of Exchequer," the Amount of all Sums in such Account admitted to be received 4 (subject to such Deduction as in the said Act is provided);

and it was by the said recited Act further enacted, that all Money which should be paid into the said Bank to the Account in the said Matter should, under the Orders of the said Court of Exchequer, be laid out and invested in the Purchase of such Irish Government Stock as the said Court should direct, to the Credit of the said Account in the said Matter, and that the Interest of such Stock, and all Accumulation thereon, should in like Manner and under the like Orders be from Time to Tinde so laid out and invested; and it was by the said recited Act 4 moreover enacted, that all Sums which should be so paid in to the said Bank of Ireland under the Provisions of the said Act 4 should, notwithstanding the Expiration or Repeal of the said Act, remain in the Bank until Provision should be made by some other Act or Acts of Parliament to be passed for the Purpose of directing and authorizing the Payment and Application of the same, and to be paid and applied in such Manner as should or might be directed or authorized by such Act: And Whereas several Sums of Money have from Time to Time been paid into the Bank of Ireland in pursuance of the Provisions of the said recited Act, and, together with certain Interest thereof and Accumulations thereon, have been, under the Orders of the said Court of Exchequer, laid out and invested in the Purchase of Irish Government Stock in Manner by the said recited Act

C. 48, 49.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

The Treasury may order the Money standing to the Credit of the Clerk of the Pleas in the Court of Exchequer in Ireland to be sold, and the Produce carried to the Consolidated Fund.

9 G.4. C. 9S.

directed; and there is now standing in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Battik of Ireland, to the Credit of the said Account in the Matter of the Office of the Clerk of the Pleas

in the Court of Exchequer, the Sum of Seventy-seven thousand six hundred and ninety-four Pounds One Shilling and Sixpence

in the Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum

Consolidated Annuities, transferable at the Bank of Ireland, and

One Year's Interest remains due on the said Sum to the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine;

and it is expedient that Provision should be made for directing

and authorizing the Application of such Sum, and all Interest due thereon, to the Public Service; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That at any Time after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three of them, to order and direct that the said Sum of Seventy-seven thousand six hundred and ninety-four Pounds One Shilling and Sixpence so standing in the said Stocks, Funds, or Annuities, to the Credit of the said Account at the Bank of Ireland, shall and may be sold and disposed of by the said Governor and Company of the said Bank, or by the Cashier of the said Bank, at such Times and in such Manner and under such Regulations as the said Lord High ^Treasurer or Commissioners of me Treasury shall direct and appoint; and the said Governor and Company or Cashier of the said Bank shall sell and dispose of the same accordingly; and the Produce of the said Stocks, Funds, or Annuities which shall be so sold and disposed of, and also the Ambunt of any Sum or Sums of Money which shall be due for Interest or Dividends thereon, or which shall be standing in the Books of the said Bank of Ireland to the Credit of the said Account, and which shall not have been invested in any Stocks, Funds, or Annuities pursuant to the Provisions of the said recited Act, shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer in Dublin according to the Course of the said Exchequer, and shall be there carried to the Account of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to be applied in such Manner as any other Monies carried to the Account of the said Consolidated Fund may by Law be applied.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty, the Provisions of an Act to allow Sugar to be delivered out of Warehouse to be refined.

[19th June 1829.]

A.D. 1829.

10° GEO. IV. C. 50.

251

CAP. L.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Management and Improvement of His Majesty's Woods,

Forests, Parks, and Chases; of the Land Revenue of the Crown within the Survey of the Exchequer in England; and of the Land Revenue of the Crown in Irelands and for extending certain Provisions relating to the same to the Isles of Man and Alderney.

[19th June 1829.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne,

[1 Ann

intituled An Act for the iAnn.sti. c. 7. better Support of Her Majesty's Household\ and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, all the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tithes, Woods, or other Hereditaments (Advowsons of Churches and Vicarages only excepted), in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, which then belonged or should thereafter belong to Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, were rendered inalienable, except for Terms and Estates not exceeding Three Lives or Thirty-one Years, or in some Cases Fifty Years: And Whereas by an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled An Act for the Management and Improvement of the 7 & 8 G. 4. C. 6. 4 Land Revenues of the Crown in Ireland, and for other Purposes relating thereto, the Land Revenues of the Crown of Ireland were rendered inalienable, except in the Manner and under the Powers and Provisions in that Act mentioned and contained:

And Whereas by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for l G.S. c.l.

the Support of His Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain, it was enacted, that the Revenue accruing to His Majesty by Rents of Lands, or for Fines of Leases of the same or any of them (except the Revenue of the Duchy of Cornwall), should, during His then present Majesty's Life, be carried to and made Part of the General or Aggregate Fund, and he, during the said Term, issued and applied in the Manner therein mentioned, except the Monies which should be necessary to defray Expences incurred in the Collection and Management of the said Revenues: And Whereas by an Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the several 27 G.S. c.l3.

Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture if the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives,

to the Reduction of the National Debt, it was enacted, that the Revenue arising as aforesaid should, during the Life of His said Majesty, be carried to and made Part of a Fund to be called The Consolidated Fund:" And Whereas by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An l G.4. c. 1.

act for the Support of His Majesty's Household, and of the Honour

252

C. 50.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

53 G.3. c.lSl.

54 G.S. c. 70. 57 G.S. c. 24.

1 G.4. c. 71.

5 G.4. c. 48.

and Dignity of the Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, it was enacted, that the Produce of all the Hereditary Rates, Duties, Payments, and Revenues in that Part of the f United Kingdom called England, which, during the Life of His 1 late Majesty, were by the Acts therein recited, or any or either ' of them, carried to and made Part, first of The Aggregate Fund " and afterwards The Consolidated Fund " of Great Britain, and all the Hereditary Revenues in that Part of the United Kingdom which were, by an Act of the Parliament of Ireland therein recited, carried to and made Part of The Consolidated Fund " of Ireland, and which Hereditary Rates, Duties, Payments,

and Revenues in England and Ireland respectively, at the Time of the Demise of His late Majesty, made Part, of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, should, during the Life of His present Majesty (subject to the Exception aforesaid), continue to be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and that, after the Demise of His present Majesty, the same should be payable to the King's Majesty,

His Heirs and Successors: And Whereas Sums amounting in the Whole to the Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds have been advanced out of the Consolidated Fund, under the Powers and for the Purposes of the following Acts, or some of them; (that is to say,) an Act passed in the Fifty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for making a more convenient Communication from Mary-le-bone Park and the Northern Parts of the Metropolis, in the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone, to Charing Cross, toithin the Liberty of West- 4 minster, and for making a more convenient Setoage for the same; another Act passed in the Fifty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the further Improvement of the Land Revenue of the Crotvn; another Act passed in the Fifty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to alter and enlarge the Potoers of an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the further Improvement (f the Land Revenue of the Crown; another Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enlarge the Time and Potoers for carrying the Net *

Street Ad into Execution, and to extend the Provisions of an Act for ratifying an Agreement made toith Lord Gage; and for the better Management and Jimprovement of the Land Revenues of the Crown; and another Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to sell out certain Bank Annuities notv standing m their Names, and to apply the Produce thereof in Part Payment of a Loan of Three hundred thousand Pounds due to the Royal Exchange Assurance Company; and to facilitate the Sales of Fee farm Rents, and of small Portions of the Land Revenue of the Crown; and for other Purposes: And Whereas it is provided, that the said Sums, whenever the Produce of the Land Revenues of the Crown in England shall, r ease to be carried into and form Part of the said consolidated Fund,

shall be and become a Loan upon such Land Revenue, and such

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV.

a 50.

253

Land Revenue will be thenceforth charged with the Repayment into the Consolidated Fund of the said Sums amounting to Six 4 hundred thousand Pounds, together with Interest for the same:

And Whereas by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to authorize the Application of Part of the Land Revenue of the Crown for the Repair and Improvement of Buckingham House the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury are authorized to direct the Application of such Portion of the Produce of Land Revenues of the Crown as they shall think necessary and expedient towards the Payment of the Expences of repairing and improving Buckingham House, and the Buildings, Offices, and Grounds belonging thereto: And Whereas under and by virtue of an Act passed, in 1 the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to extend to Charing Cross, the Strand, and Places adjacent, the Powers of an Act for making a more convenient Communication from Mary-le-bone Park; and to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests,

and Land Revenues to grant Leases of the Site of Carlton Palace, the Commissioners for executing that Act have borrowed for the Purposes thereof, on the Security of certain Parts of the Land Revenues of the Crown in England, the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds: And Whereas by the said recited Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Management and Improvement of the Land Revenues of the Crown in Ireland, and for other Purposes relating thereto, the annual Income of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown in Ireland is directed to be carried to the same Account and applied to the same Purposes as and consolidated with the Land Revenues of the Crown in England: And Whereas by several Acts various Provisions have been made for the Management and Improvement of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks, and Chases, and of the Land Revenues of the Crown, within the Ordering and Survey of the Exchequer in England, and of the Land Revenue of the Crown* in Ireland; and under and by virtue of the said Acts the said Woods, Forests, Parks, and Chases, and Land Revenues, have been placed under the Management of Commissioners appointed from Time. to Time by His Majesty's Letters Patent, and called The Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues; and it will be expedient to consolidate and embody in One Act the Powers and Provisions of the said several Acts relating to the said Woods, Forests, Parks, Chases, and Land Revenues, and in some respects to alter and extend the same Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the following Acts, excepting so far as any Powers, Provisions, Matters, or Things relate to or affect the Duchy of Lancaster, or any of the Hereditaments, Possessions, or Property within the Ordering and Survey -of the said-Duchy, shall be and the same are hereby repealed; (that is to say,) an Act passed in the Thirty-fourth Year; of the Reign of Jdis late Majesty King George the Third,

6 G.4. c. 77.

7 G.4. c. 7T.

7 & 8 G.4. c. 68.

The following Acts repealed (except as they relate to the Duchy of Lancaster):

C. 50.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

34 G.S. c. 75. 46 G.S. c. 142. 46 G.3. c. 151.

48 G.S. C. 73.

SO G.S. c. 65.

59 G.S. c. 161.

54 G.S. c. 70.

55 G.S. c. 55.

56 G.S. c. 16.

57 G.S. c. 61.

57 G.S. c. 97.

intituled An Act for the better Management of tile Land Revenue of the Crown, and for the 8ede of Fee form and other unimprovable Rents; an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Surveyor General of Woods and Forests; an Act passed in the forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty to grant netv Leases on former Rents, for the Benefit of Charitable Institutions or Augmentation of Ecclesiastical Corporations} an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to improve the Land Revenue of the Crown in England, and also of His Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster; an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for uniting the Offices of Surveyor General of the Land Revenue of the Crown and Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks, and Chases; an Act passed in the Fifty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for enabling His Majesty to grant Leases under certain Circumstances; and for the better carrying into Effect the Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, touching the Formation of a Map of the New Forest in the County ^Southampton, and continuing and extending the Provisions of the said Act; for further appropriating Monies arisen and to arise from the Sale of certain Crown Lands under the Authority of divers Acts of Parliament; for annexing certain Lands toithin the Forest of Rockingham to His Majesty's Manor of King's Cliffe; and for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury to appropriate small Portions of Land to Ecclesiastical Purposes; an Act passed in the Fifty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the further Improvement of the Land Revenues of the Crown; an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues to contract for the Purchase and Surrender of Crown Leases and to sell His Majesty's Interest in the Thornhill Estate, in the Parish of Stallbridge in the County of Dorset, and in certain small Parcels of Land belonging to His Majesty's Subjects toithin the Royal Forests; and to remove Doubts as to Estates of the Crown, sold by Order of the said Commissioners, being exempted from the Auction Duty; an Act passed in the Fifty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty. King George the Third, intituled An Act for better regulating the Offices of Receivers of Crown Rents; an Act passed in the Fifty-seventh Yea* of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to abolish the Offices of the Wardens, Chief Justice ^, and Justices in Eyre, North and South of Trent; an Act passed in the Fifty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for ratifying Articles of Agreement entered into by the Right Honourable Henry Hall Viscount Gage and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues; and for the better Management and Improvement of the Land Revenues of the Crown; an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign

of

A.D. 1829.

10° GEO. IV.

G.50.

2 55

of His present Majesty, intituled ^4* to enlarge the Time and Powers of carrying the New Street Act into Execution, and to extend the Provisions of an Act for ratifying an Agreement made with Lord Gage; and for the better Management and Improvement of the Land Revenues of the Crown; an Act passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to improve the Land Revenues of the Crown, and of His Majesty's Duchy ^Lancaster, and for making Provisions and Regulations for the better Management thereof; an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to sell out certain Bank Annuities now standing in their Names, and to apply the Produce thereof in Part Payment of a Loan of Three hundred thousand Pounds due to the Royal Exchange Assurance Company; and to facilitate the Sale of Fee farm Rents, and of small Portions of the Land Revenues of the Crown; and for other Purposes; an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to authorize the Application of Part of the Land Revenue of the Crown for the Repair and improvement of Buckingham House; and an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to extend an Act of the Fifty-sixth Year of His late Majesty, for enabling His Majesty to grant small Portions of Land as Sites for Public Buildings, or to be used as Cemeteries; an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Management and Improvement of the Land Revenues of the Crown in Ireland, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

v H. And be it further enacted, That all other Acts heretofore passed relative to His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks, and Chases, and to the Land Revenues of the Crown, in England and in Ireland or either of them, so far as the same are inconsistent with or repugnant to the Powers, and Provisions of this Act, but not further or otherwise, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

III. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That the Repeal of the said several Acts hereby repealed shall not operate to revive any Act thereby repealed, nor shall the same annul or prejudice any Sale, Purchase, Composition, Grant, Lease, Enfranchisement, Exchange, Contract, Agreement, Bond, Mortgage, Security, Indemnity, Exoneration, Compensation, Charge, Responsibility, or other Act, Matter, or Thing, which at the Time of passing this Act shall have been made, done, given, effected, or created, or which shall have been confirmed, by or under and by virtue of such Acts, or any or either of them, but the same shall remain as good, valid, and effectual, and all the Provisions in the said Acts respectively contained, for the Benefit or Security either of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or of any of the Parties to or with whom or in whose Favour any such Sale, Composition, Grant, Lease, Enfranchisement, Exchange, Contract, Agreement, Bond, Mortgage, Security, Indemnity, Exoneration, Compensation, Confirmation, Charge, Responsibility, or other Act, Matter, or Thing shall have been made, done, given, effected, created, or confirmed, or with whom any other Transaction shall have taken place, under the Provisions of the said Acts respectively, shall, so

i 0.4. c. 7i.

l & 9 G.4. e.S2.

8 G.4. c. 48.

6 G.4. c. 77.

7 & 8 G.4, c. 66.

7 & 8 G.4. c. 68.

All other Acts, so far as the same are repugnant to this Act, repealed.

Repeal of the said Acts not to revive any Act repealed, or prejudice any Sale, &c.

256

C. 50.

10°* GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Not to exempt from Punishment Offences committed previously to the passing hereof.

Manor of King's Cliffe to remain as at present.

The Remainder of Mr. White's Rents to be sold, notwithstanding the Repeal of the 57 G.3. c. 97.

Powers given to Commissioners by 7 &

8 G.4. c. 68. to borrow Money on Credit of Land Revenues in Ireland to remain in full Force.

for as regards His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and such* Parties respectively, and all Parties claiming under Him or Them, remain and be of as full force and virtue as if the said Acts had hot been hereby in any Manner repealed; and in case any Contract, shall have been entered into, or any Proceeding instituted, before the Commencement of this present Act, under and by virtue of the said Acts or any of them, which shall not have been fully performed or completed, the same shall be proceeded with, performed, and completed under the Provisions of the said Acts, in the same Manner as if the same had not been hereby repealed, unless the Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's . Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues shall think it more expedient, to proceed with, perform, and complete the same under the Provisions of this Act, and in that Case the same shall and may be. proceeded with, performed, and completed under the Provisions of this Act.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Repeal of the said Acts shall not extend or operate to exempt any Person or Persons from any Penalty or Punishment imposed by such Acts, or any or either of them, in respect of any Crime, Offence, or other Matter or Thing committed or done previously to the passing of this Act, but that such Punishment or Penalty shall and may be inflicted in the same Manner as if the Act or Acts by which the same is imposed had not been hereby in any Manner repealed.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That notwithstanding the Repeal of the said Act of the Fifty-second Year of His. late Majesty King George the Third, hereby repealed, the Woods, Woodlands, Hereditaments, and Premises thereby made Part of. the Manor of King's Cliffe, shall continue a Part of that Manor, and not of the Manor of Duddington.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That notwithstanding the Repeal of the said Act of the Fifty-seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, hereby repealed, such of the Rents formerly of William Henry White, therein named, and by the said Act vested in the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, as have not been already sold under the Provisions of that Act, shall be and remain vested in the Commissioners for the Time being: of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, upon the Trusts and for the Purposes, and with and subject to the Powers and Provisions, in and by the same Act declared, and contained of and concerning the same, as fully and effectually as if the said Act had not been repealed, or the Provisions thereof, with respect to the said Rents, had been re-enacted by this Act.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That notwithstanding the Repeal of the said Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, hereby repealed, the several Powers and Provisions thereby given to the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, with the Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners for the Time.being of His Majesty's Treasury, to borrow a Sum or Sums of. Money, by way of Mortgage, or Loan, on the Credit of the Possessions and Land Revenues in Ireland, in the Manner and for the Purposes therein mentioned, and the several

Clauses *

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 50.

257

Clauses and Provisions therein contained for the Benefit or Security of the Mortgagees, or relating to such Mortgagees, and also the several Powers and Provisions contained in the said Act relating to the Application of the Monies to arise from the Sale or Exchange of any Parts of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown in Ireland, previously to their being applied to the same Purposes as Monies arising from Sales and Exchanges of Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown in England, shall remain and continue in Force, Operation, and Effect, as fully and effectually as if the said Act had not been repealed, or the said several herein-before mentioned Powers and Provisions had been re-enacted in and by this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act all Honours, Hundreds, Castles, Lordships, Manors, Forests, Chases, Woods, Parks, Messuages, Lands, Tithes, Fisheries, Franchises, Services, Rents, and other Land Revenues. Possessions, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever (Advow-sons of Churches and Vicarages only excepted), which now do belong to His Majesty or hereafter shall belong to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, within the Ordering and Survey of the Court of Exchequer in England or Wales, in Ireland, in the Isle of Man and its Dependencies, and the Isle of Alderney, whether in Possession, Remainder, or Reversion, (which said Honours, Hundreds, Castles, Lordships, Manors, Forests, Chases, Woods, Parks, Messuages, Lands, Tithes, Fisheries, Franchises, Services, Rents, and other Land Revenues, Possessions, Tenements, and Hereditaments, are hereinafter, for the Sake of Distinction, called "The Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown to which this Act relates, ") shall be under the Management of the present Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and of their Successors, to be from Time to Time appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by His or Their Letters Patent; and the said Commissioners and their Successors shall continue to be called "The Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues and all Acts of Parliament, Deeds, Bonds, Contracts, Agreements, and other Instruments in which the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues are named or mentioned, shall apply to the said Commissioners for the Time of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, appointed and to be appointed as aforesaid, in. the same Manner as they would have done if the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty Xing George the Third had not been hereby repealed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and their Successors, shall from Time to Time observe, perform, fulfil, and keep all and singular the Orders, Rules, Instructions, and Directions, not being contrary to the Provisions of this Act, which from Time to Time shall be made or given to them by the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, touching or concerning the Execution and Discharge of the Duties of their Office.

X. And be it further enacted, That any Commissioner to be hereafter appointed as aforesaid shall, before he shall act in pursuance

Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown placed under the Management of the Commissioners of Woods, &c.

Commissioners to observe the Directions of the Treasury.

Commissioners to be sworn.

258

G.50.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Oath.

Salaries of Commissioners.

Power to Commissioners to appoint and remove Officers.

of such Appointment, take the following Oath, to be administered by the Chief Baron or One other of the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer; (that is to say,)

I A.B. do swear. That I will truly, honestly, faithfully, and dili-< gently execute the Duties of a Commissioner of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues. So help me GOD.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the present First Commissioner shall, so long as he shall remain such First Commissioner, continue to receive the Salary of Two thousand Pounds per Annum, and the other present Commissioners shall, so long as they shall respectively remain such Commissioners, continue to receive the Salaries of One thousand two hundred Pounds each, granted to them respectively by the Letters Patent by which they have been appointed; and that by the Letters Patent by which any future Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues shall be appointed, His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, may grant to the several Persons therein named as such Commissioners the following Salaries and Allowances; (that is to say,) to the Person first named therein, who shall be Chairman of the Commission, a Salary of Two thousand Pounds per Annum, and to the other Commissioners a Salary of One thousand two hundred Pounds per Annum each; which Salaries shall be clear of all Fees and Deductions, and shall be paid by Four equal quarterly Payments, on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October m every Year; and the first Payment of his Salary to every Commissioner who shall hereafter be appointed shall be made on such of the said quarterly Days of Payment as shall first arrive after the Day of his Appointment; and if any present or future Commissioner shall resign or be removed from his Office, or die in the Interval between any Two of the aforesaid Days of Payment, such Commissioner, his Executors or Administrators, shall be paid a proportionate Part of his Salary for the Time which shall have elapsed since the last quarterly Day of Payment thereof; and if any future Commissioner shall be appointed in the Interval between any Two of the aforesaid Days of Payment, he shall be entitled, on such of the said quarterly Days of Payment, as shall first arrive after his Appointment, to a proportionate Part only of his Salary for the Time which shall have elapsed since his Appointment.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the TimeJ being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, from Time to Time as they shall think proper, to remove any Deputies, Clerks, Receivers, Surveyors, or other Officers already appointed to or exercising or enjoying any Offices connected with or relating to the said Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown to which this Act relates, or who shall be hereafter appointed under the Provisions of this Act; and that it shall also be lawful for the said Commissioners, from Time to Time as they may think proper, to appoint such Deputies, Clerks, Receivers, Surveyors, and other Officers as shall be necessary or proper for the due Execution of this Act, and to remove them at Pleasure; and all and every the Deputies, Clerks, Receivers, Surveyors, ^and other Officers, already appointed and to be appointed

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV.

259

C. 50.

pointed as aforesaid, shall have, receive, and enjoy such Salaries respectively, and payable at such Days or Times respectively, as shall be in that Behalf from Time to Time directed by the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Officer to be appointed to any Office by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, under the Authority of this Act, shall take the following Oath, to be administered to him by any One or more of the said Commissioners, or if the said Commissioners shall direct, and any such Officer shall be sworn before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, then by any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate; (that is to say,)

J A.B. do swear, That I will truly, honestly, faithfully, and dili-

gently execute the Duties of the Office to which I have been appointed by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Fo-

rests, and Land Revenues. So help me GOD.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues from Time to Time to appoint such Persons as they shall think fit, to be the Stewards of any Hundreds, Honors, Manors, or Lordships, being Part of the Posses*-sions and Land Revenues of the Crown to which this Act relates, with Power and Authority to hold and keep all and singular Hundred Courts, Courts Leet, Views of Frank-pledge, Courts Baron, and customary and other Courts within the Limits and Precincts of such Hundreds, Honors, Manors, or Lordships respectively, and to perform and execute all Things belonging or incident to such Offices; and also from Time to Time in like Manner to appoint such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners should think fit, to execute all usual and customary forestal Offices, and to preserve the Deer, Beasts and Birds of Chase or Warren, and other Game, within any such Hundreds, Manors, or Lordships, or any of the Royal Forests, Parks, Chases, or Warrens, or the Limits or Precincts thereof, being Part of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown to which this Act relates; and also to preserve the Fish belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in any of the Waters within the Limits Precincts aforesaid; and on His Majesty's Behalf to grant Licences to any Person or Persons to hunt, hawk, fish, and fowl within any of such Hundreds, Honors, Manors, Lordships, Forests, Parks, Chases, Warrens, and Waters respectively, and the Demesnes thereof, and Places thereto adjoining, and to take and kill any such Deer, Beasts or Birds of Chase or Warren; also to take, seize, and destroy all unlawful Dogs, Nets, Guns, and Engines used for the taking or destroying of Deer, Beasts or Birds of Chase or Warren, or other Game and Fish, and the same Appointments and Licences respectively, or any of them, again at Pleasure to revoke; and also to allow to any such Stewards, Gamekeepers, or other Officers respectively, such Salaries, Wages, or Emoluments as the said Commissioners, with the Consent of the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, shall deem an adequate Remuneration for their Care and Trouble in executing the Duties of their respective

Officers to be sworn.

Oath.

Commissioners empowered to appoint Stewards of Hundreds, Manors, &c. and other Officers, in certain Cases.

260

C. 50.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

First Commissioner may send and receive Letters free of Postage.

4 G.3. c. 24.

42 G.S. c. 63.

Two Commissioners of Woods may act;

and Three Commissioners of the Treasury.

The Commissioners exempted from personal Responsibility.

Offices or Employments; and all such Appointments so to be made as aforesaid shall be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and have such and the like Force and Effect as if the same had been made by His Majesty, His Heirs or Sue-cessorg.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the First Commissioner of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues for the Tmie being shall and may receive and send Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage, in such Manner and under such Restrictions as other Officers mentioned in an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage, and also in another Act, made in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to authorize the sending and receiving Letters and Packets, Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Nevus-papers, by the Post, free from the Duty of Postage, by the Members of the Two Houses of Parliament of the United Kingdom, and by certain Public Officers therein named, and for reducing the Postage of such Votes, Proceedings, and Newspapers when sent by any other Persons, are thereby permitted in respect of their Offices, to send and receive the same.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That when any Thing is by this Act or shall by any future Act be required, directed, or permitted to be done by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, the same may be done by any Two of them, unless express Provision to the contrary shall be made by such further Act, and if done by any Two of them shall be as valid and effectual as if done by all of them; and when any Thing is by this Act or shall by any future Act be required, directed, or permitted to be done by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, relative to the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown to which this Act relates, the same may be done by any Three of them, unless express Provision to the contrary shall be made by such future Act, and if done by any Three of them, shall be as valid and effectual as if done by all of them.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That nothing contained in Ibis Act, or to he contained in any Mortgage, Contract, Lease, or other Instrument hereby authorized to be entered into, made, taken, or executed by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, or any of them, shall extend to charge the Person or Person of all or any of the Commissioners executing any such Mortgage, Contract, Lease, or other Instrument, or the Heirs, Executors, or Administrators of the same Commissioners, or any of them, or their or any of their own proper Lands, Tenements, Goods, or Chattels, with or for the Performance of all or any of the Covenants, Conditions, or Agreements in the same Mortgage, Contract, Lease, or other Instrument to be contained, on the Part of the same Commissioners or any of them; hut the Amount of all Sums, Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences which shall or may be recovered in any Suit or Suits at Law or in Equity against them the said Commissioners or any of them, or against their or any of their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, for or by Reason

or

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 50.

261

or Means of any such Mortgage, Contract, Lease, or other Instru* roent, or the Covenants, Conditions, or Agreements therein contained; and also all the Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences which the said Commissioners or any of them, or their or any of their Heirs, Executors, - or Administrators, shall bear, pay, expend, or be put to, or which shall be occasioned to them, for or by Reason or Means of any such Mortgage, Contract, Lease, or other Instrument, or any Covenant, Condition, or Agreement therein contained, or any Action or Actions, guit or Suits, to be brought or prosecuted by or against them or any of them thereupon, shall respectively be paid and discharged by and out of the Monies to be raised, arise, or be received from the said Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown to which this Act relates.

XVIII. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third,

intituled An Act for transferring to the Commissioners for auditing 39 G.3. c.ss. the Public Accounts the Duties noxv performed in the Office of the Auditors of the Land Revenue, and for directing the Mode of attesting the Accounts of the Paymaster General of His Majesty &

Forces, it was enacted, that from and after the respective Deaths of William Henry Cooper and Frederick Grey Cooper, Sops of Sir Grey Cooper Baronet, Henry Shelly and Thomas Johnes Esquires,

the then Auditors of the Land Revenue in Fingland and Wales,

the said Offices respectively should cease and determine; and further, that if during the Continuance of the Patent granted to William Henry Cooper and Frederick Grey Cooper a Vacancy should happen in the Offices of Auditor for Chester, Derby, Linr coin, and Nottingham, or in the Office of the Auditor for the Principality of Wales, by the Deaths of the said then Auditors for the Counties of Chester, Derby, Lincoln, and Nottingham, and of the Principality of Wales respectively, the Duty executed in each of the said Offices should be performed, by and with the Approbation and under the Authority and Appointment of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, by the Persons who should then be the Acting Deputies in the respective Departments,

subject to such an Allotment of the Fees and Emoluments of Office, and under such other Regulations, as the said Commissioners of the Treasury should think fit to direct, and the Surplus of such Fees should be carried to the Consolidated Fund; and further, that all the Accounts theretofore examined, tried, and audited by or in the Offices of the several Auditors of the Laud Revenue of the Crown in England and Wales, or in either of them, should, after the Determination of the respective Interests of each of the aforesaid Grantees respectively, be examined,

tried, and audited by the Commissioners for examining and auditing the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, appointed under the Authority of an Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of His late Majesty,

intituled An Act for the better examining and auditing the Public 25 G.s. c. 52. 4 Accounts of the Kingdom; and they were thereby invested with all the same Powers and Authorities for the examining, trying,

and auditing the several Accounts aforesaid, as were then vested in them by virtue of the said Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of His late Majesty, for the examining, trying, and auditing the

C. 50.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 182$.

Acting Auditors to be appointed in *scant Offices till the remaining Office of Auditor of the Land Revenue is determined.

Auditing Accounts of Commissioners.

Public Accounts of the Kingdom, or as were then vested in the said respective Grantees by any Law, Usage, or Custom; and it was by the said Act further enacted, that all Leases and Grants within the said respective Audits which from and after the Abolition of each of the said Offices respectively shall be made and granted of any Part or Parts of the Land Revenues of the Crown in England and Wales, and all and every Assignment and Assignments which should from such Periods respectively be made of any Lease or Grant from the Crown, should be enrolled and entered in the Office of the said Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, in the same Manner and Form as they had been used and accustomed to be enrolled and entered in the respective Offices of the said Auditors of the Land Revenue: And Whereas since the passing of the said Act the Offices of Auditors for Chester, Derby, Lincoln, and Nottingham, and for the Principality of Wales have ceased and determined by the Deaths of the said Henry Shelly and Thomas Johnes Esquires,

but the said William Henry Cooler and Frederick Grey Cooper are still living, and since the Deaths of the said Henry Shelly and Thomas Johnes respectively the Duties of their said Office have been performed, pursuant to the said Act, by Acting Auditors in the said Offices respectively; Be it therefore enacted, That until the Determination of the said remaining Office of Auditor of the Land Revenue, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, on the Death, Resignation, or Removal of the present Acting Auditors in the said Offices of Auditors of the Land Revenue of the Crown for the Counties of Chester, Derby, Lincoln, and Nottingham, and for the Principality of Wales, or of any Persons who may be appointed such Acting Auditors under this Act, to appoint any other Persons to be such Acting Auditors, subject to such an Allotment of the Fees and Emoluments of Office, and under such other Regulations, as the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners shall think fit to direct, and to remove the said present and future Acting Auditors at pleasure.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That until the Determination of the said remaining Office of Auditor of the Land Revenue of the Crown in England, the Accounts of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues shall be examined, tried, and audited by the said remaining Auditors, and by the said present and future Acting Auditors; which said Acting Auditors shall be and they are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for the examining, trying, and auditing the said Accounts, and subject to the Performance of the same Duties, and liable to the same Control, as the said Auditors of the Land Revenue for the Counties of Chester, Derby, Lincoln, and Nottingham, and the Principality of Wales, were by Law, Usage, or Custom invested with or subject and liable to at the Time of passing the said recited Act; and after the Determination of the said remaining Office of Auditor of the Land Revenue of the Crown in England the said Accounts of the said Commissioners shall be examined, tried, and audited by the said Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, pursuant to the Provisions of the said last-recited Act.

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 50.

263

XX. And be it further enacted, That until the Determination of the said remaining Office of Auditor of the Land Revenue the Acting Auditor for Wales for the Time being, or the Receiver for the Time being of the Rents, Issues, Revenues, and Profits of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown in Wales, or any other Person to be appointed for that Purpose by the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Treasury, shall have the same Powers of auditing and allowing the Accounts of the Sheriffs for Wales, and for giving Quietuses and administering Oaths in respect of such Accounts, as by an Act passed in the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Henry the Eighth, intituled An Act for certain Ordinances in the Kings Majestys Dominions and Principality of Wales; and an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act for the better regulating the Office of Sheriffs, and for ascertaining their Feest and the Fees for suing out their Patents and passing their Accounts, are given to the Auditors of the Principality of Wales.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That any One of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues for the Time being may sit and vote as a Member of the House of Commons of the United Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland, any Thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that only One of such Commissioners shall be capable of sitting at the same Time.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues from Time to Time to demise and lease, and to enter into any Contract or Agreement for demising and leasing, to any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, any Part or Parts of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown to which this Act relates, for any Term not exceeding Thirty-one Years from the Time of making the Lease or Agreement for a Lease.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in any of the Instances hereinafter mentioned it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues from Time to Time to demise and lease, or to enter into any Contract or Agreement for demising and leasing, any Part or Parts of the said Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown to. which this Act relates, to any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, for any Term not exceeding Ninety-nine Years from the Time of making such Lease or Agreement; (that is to say,) of Tenements or Hereditaments, the greater Part of the yearly Value of which shall at the Time of making the Lease or Agreement consist of any Building or Buildings; of Land or Ground proper for the Erection of any Houses or other Buildings thereupon, with or without Gardens/Yards, Curtilages, or other Appurtenances to be used therewith, and where the Lessee or intended Lessee shall covenant or agree to erect a Building or Buildings thereon of greater yearly Value than such Land or Ground; of Land or Ground proper for Gardens, Yards, Curtilages, or other Appurtenances to be used with any other House or other Building erected or to be erected on any (Ground belonging

As to auditing Accounts of the Sheriff of Wales.

34 & 35 H.8. c. 26.

3 G.l. c.l5.

One Commissioner may sit in Parliament.

Commissioners may grant Leases for 31 Years.

Leases of certain Buildings, and of Ground for Building on, or for making Gardens, &c. may be made for 9& Years.

26 *

C.SO.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Incases for Gardens not to extend beyond Duration of Lease of House to which same shall be attached.

As to Royal Forests, &c.

Leases may be either in Possession or Reversion.

Provisions to be observed in granting Leases.

Leases to be at Rack Rent, except in the Cases after mentioned.

either to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or to any.other Proprietor, or proper for any other Purpose calculated to afford Convenience or Accommodation to the Occupiers of any such House or Building.

XXIV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Land or Ground proper for Gardens, Yards, Curtilages, or other Appurtenances, to be used with any House or other Building erected or to be erected on any Ground belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or proper for any other Purpose calculated to afford Convenience or Accommodation to the Occupier or Occupiers of any such House or Building, shall, under the Provisions hereinbefore contained, authorizing the same to be demised for any Term not exceeding Ninety-nine Years, be demised or agreed to be demised for any Term which shall extend beyond the Duration of the subsisting Lease or Leases of the House or Building to which the same shall be intended to be attached.

XXV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That the Powers of leasing hereinbefore given shall not extend to the demising or leasing of any of the Royal Forests, Parks, or Chases in England, or any Part or Parcel thereof.

XaVI. And be it further enacted, That any Lease hereby authorized to be made may be made either to take effect as a Lease in Possession or as a Lease of the Reversion, subject to any existing Lease, or by way of future Interest, provided the same be not made for any Term which will extend beyond Thirty-one Years; or where a Lease for a Term of Ninety-nine Years is hereby authorized to be made, then provided such Lease be not made for any Term which will extend beyond Ninety -nine Years from the Time when such Lease shall be made; or if made in pursuance of a previous Agreement, then from the Time when such Agreement shall have been made.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Leases to be granted under the Authority of this Act the Rents shall be reserved and made payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, free and clear of all Manner of Taxes and Assessments whatsoever; and in each such Lease there shall be contained a Proviso or Condition for Re-entry on Nonpayment of the Rent thereby reserved, or Nonobservance or Nonperformance of the Covenants therein contained, and on the Part of the Lessee or Lessees to be observed or performed; and the Lessee or Lessees named in each such Lease shall execute a Counterpart thereof; and in no Lease shall the Lessee or Lessees be made dispunishable for Waste, except in Leases of Mines, Minerals, Quarries, or Collieries, and in Leases to be made under the Power hereinbefore given of leasing for a Term not exceeding Ninety-nine Years, in which Leases the Lessee or Lessees may be made dispunishable for Waste, if the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues shall think proper.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in every Lease to be granted under the Power hereinbefore given there shall be reserved and made payable during the Whole of the Term thereby granted such clear yearly Rent as to the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues shall

appear

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV.

c.so.

265

appear a reasonable Rent or Consideration for such Lease, without' taking any Fine for the same, except as hereinafter mentioned.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in esti- Accepting a mating the Amount of any Rent to be reserved on any Lease to Surrender not be granted under the Powers of this Act it shall be lawful for the c£*ider- said Commissioners to take into Consideration the Surrender of any ing a existing Lease of the Property comprized in the Lease to be so

granted, or any Part thereof; and the Acceptance of such Surrender shall not be considered as the taking a Fine within the Meaning of the said last-mentioned Provision.

XXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in any In Building Lease to be granted under any of the Powers herein-before given, Leases for a of any Land or Ground, Tenements or Hereditaments; where at the not ex" Time of granting such Lease (or if such Lease shall be granted y^, ga9n0mi^ in pursuance of a previous Agreement, at the Time when such ndRenton" Agreement shall have been made,) there shall not be any sub- may be reserved stantial Building or Buildings upon the Land or Ground to be during the first demised, and the Lessee or Lessees shall agree to erefct on such Three Years» Land or Ground any Building or Buildings of greater yearly

Value than the Land or Ground demised or agreed to be demised, it shall be lawful to reserve, during any Period not exceeding the first Three Years of the Term thereby granted, a nominal Rent, or such other Rent only as to the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues shall seem fit.

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in any and a Fine in Lease to be granted for any Term not exceeding Ninety-nine lieu of any Years, under the Power herein-before given, of any Land or Fart, not ex-Ground, Tenements or Hereditaments, where at the Time of of°^e granting such Lease, or (if such Lease shall be granted in pur- Rent, may be suance of a previous Agreement) at the Time when such Agree- taken or not. ment shall have been made, there shall be any substantial Building

or Buildings upon the Land or Ground to be demised, and the Building or Buildings thereupon shall not require or shall not be intended or agreed to be rebuilt, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues to. take a Fine on the granting of any such Lease, provided that such Fine shall not be taken in lieu of any further Part than One Third of such annual Sum as it shall appear to them would have been a reasonable Rent or Consideration for such Lease in case no Fine had been taken, the Remainder of such annual Sum being reserved by way of Rent; and the Amount of the Amount of the Fine to be so taken shall* not be less than the Sum Fines to be to which the Portion of the annual Sum in lieu of which it shall be taken, taken would have amounted during the Term to be granted, deducting a Discount, to be computed by way of Compound Interest, at no higher Rate than the highest legal Rate of Interest in England, if the Property to be demised shall be in England or Wales, or than the highest legal Rate of Interest in Ireland, if the Property to be demised shall be in Ireland.

XXXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any Lease Exceptions as of the Profits of Prae and Post Fines arising within the Principality Amount of Wales and County Palatine of (Chester, the Profits of Tolls, Markets, and Fairs, Tithes, Fisheries, Ferries, and other Articles of

uncertain

C. 50.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

As to Leases of Mines.

Commissioners empowered to sell.

Mode of carrying Sales into Effect.

uncertain Produce, may be granted at such Rent only, or at such. Rent and for such Fine, as to the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues shall seem proper.

XXXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in any Leases of Mines, Collieries, or Quarries, it shall be lawful to reserve either an annual Rent in Money, or any annual Rent in Money and such Share of the Produce in Kind, or such Rent or Duty upon the Quantity or Value of such Produce, as the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues shall think proper.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, to contract and agree with any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, for the Sale of, and absolutely to make Sale and dispose of, for such Sum or Sums of Money as to them shall appear a sufficient Consideration for the same, any Part or Parts of the said Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown to which this Act relates, not being Part or Parcel of any of the Royal Forests, Parks, or Chases in England.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues shall have contracted or agreed with any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, under the Authority of this Act, for the Sale to him, her, or them of any Part or Parts of the said Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown to which this Act relates (not being any subsisting Leas& which may have been purchased or taken as hereinafter mentioned), the Purchaser or Purchasers, in case the Purchase Money shall amount to the Sum of One hundred Pounds, shall cause the same to be paid into the Bank of England, or if the Hereditaments purchased shall be situated in Ireland, then either into the Bank of England, or the Bank of Ireland, at his or their Option; and the Cashiers of the Bank of England or Bank of Ireland, as the Case may be, or One of such Cashiers, shall, upon the Production of any Note signed by the said Commissioners, specifying the Sum to be so paid, and that it is to be so paid to their Account, accept and receive the same, and carry the same to the Account of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and give a Receipt for the same without Fee or Reward; but if such Purchase Money shall net amount to the Sum of One hundred Pounds, it shall not be necessary for the Purchaser or Purchasers to pay the same into the Bank of England, or Bank of Ireland, but he or they may, at his or their Option, either pay the same into the Bank of England or Bank of Ireland as aforesaid, (in which Case the Cashiers, or One of them, of the Bank of England or Bank of Ireland, as the Case may be, shall accept and give a Receipt for the same as aforesaid,) or to the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, or any One of their Receivers, or any Agent to be appointed by them for that Purpose; and the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues

10° GEO. IV.

267

C. 50.

venues shall, on the Production of the Receipt of the Cashiers, or of One of the Cashiers of the Bank of England or Bank of Ireland, for such Purchase Money, or in case the same shall not amount to One hundred Pounds, then either on the Production of such Receipt or on the Payment to them, their Receiver or Agent, of such Purchase Money, execute to the Purchaser or Purchasers a Conveyance, under their Hands and Seals, of the Premises agreed to be sold, and give a Receipt /or the Purchase Money under their Hands; and every such Conveyance and Receipt may be according to the Forms for those Purposes respectively set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, or in any other Forms which may be deemed more convenient; and every such Conveyance and Receipt shall be attested, as to the Execution and signing thereof by the said Commissioner, by at least One Witness; and every such Conveyance shall be valid and sufficient to pass all the Estate, Right, and Interest of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in and to the Part or Parts of the said Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown to which the same shall relate, to the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, therein named as the Grantee or Grantees, for such Estate or Estates, to such Uses, and upon and for such Trusts, Intents, and Purposes (if any), as shall in and by such Conveyance, or by Reference therein to any other Instrument or Instruments, or Deed or Deeds, be expressed or declared of or concerning the same.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Quit Rent or other Rent shall be sold under the Authority of this Act, it shall be expressed in the Conveyance thereof whether the same is to become extinguished, or whether the same is to be held and enjoyed by the Purchaser or Purchasers, or his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees; and in all Cases where the Conveyance shall express that the Rent is to become extinguished, the same shall, immediately upon the Execution of the Conveyance, cease and become extinguished; and in all Cases where the Conveyance shall express that the Rent is to be held and enjoyed by the Purchaser or Purchasers, or his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, the same shall, from and after the Execution of the Conveyance, become and remain vested in the Purchaser or Purchasers, and his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, and his, her, or their Heirs or Successors and Assigns, and shall be paid and payable to them by Two even half-yearly Payments on the Twenty-fifth Day of March and the Twenty-ninth Day of September in every Year; and every such Purchaser or Trustee, his or her Heirs, Successors and Assigns, shall have the like Remedy for recovering such Rents by Distress, and by impounding and selling the Goods, Chattels, or Effects distrained, as in case of Rent-charges.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Rent charged upon or issuing out of any Lands or Hereditaments in Ireland shall be purchased under the Authority of this Act, which shall not be extinguished, but shall subsist for the Benefit of the Purchaser, the Fees hereinafter made payable in respect of such Rent by the Persons subject to the same shall be considered for all Purposes as Part of the Rent so purchased, and shall be payable to the Purchaser, his Heirs or Successors and Assigns, together with the Rent, in the same Manner as the said Fees

would

Conveyances of Rents sold to express whether the same shall be extinguished or enjoyed by the Purchaser.

Fees payable in respect of Rents purchased in Ireland to remain payable to Purchasers.

268

C. 50.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

On Purchase of apportioned Rents in Ireland, the Lands to be entirely discharged.

Corporations empowered to purchase Rents charged on their own Lands.

would have been payable, under the Provisions hereinafter contained, to the Receivers of such Rents if the same had not been sold; and the Purchaser of every such Rent, his Heirs or Successors and Assigns, shall have the same Remedies for recovering the said Fees as are herein-before given for recovering the Rent itself.

XXXVIII. And Whereas in many Grants of Lands and Hereditaments in Ireland, by Letters Patent from the Predecessors of

His Majesty reserving Rents, several Denominations or Parcels of Lana are granted by the same Grant, and in some of such Grants the several Proportions of Rent for the several Denotninations or Parcels of Land, or for some of them, are set forth,

« and in others of such Grants the several Proportions of Rent for the several Denominations or Parcels of Land are not set forth,

but the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, in all Cases where Lands or Hereditaments comprized in One Grant from the Crown and jqintly liable to One Rent have become subdivided amongst several Proprietors, exercises a Jurisdiction of apportioning such

Rent as between the several Proprietors of the Lands and Hereditaments subject thereto, with a Reservation of the Right of the

Crown: And Whereas for the Encouragement of Persons to purchase, under the Provisions of this Act, the Rents charged on

their Lands and Hereditaments, it will be desirable that any Person seised of or interested in any Lands or Hereditaments liable, jointly with other Lands or Hereditaments, to a Gross Rent, which shall have been so apportioned by the original Grant, or by the Court of Exchequer, should be enabled* by the Purchase of that Proportion of the Gross Rent which by such

Apportionment shall have been made specifically payable in respect of their Lands and Hereditaments, entirely to exonerate

such their Lands and Hereditaments, as well, from the Portion of Rent so specifically made payable in respect thereof, as also from 4. all Liability in respect of the other Portions of the Gross Rent charged on the Lands comprized in the same Grant Be it therefore further enacted, That whenever any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall purchase under this Act, in order that the same may become extinguished, any Portion of any Rent which shall have been so apportioned, either by the original Grant or by the Court of Exchequer as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Lands and Hereditaments upon which the Portion of Rent so purchased shall have been so specifically charged shall be and the same are hereby exonerated and discharged, not only from the Portion of Rent so purchased, but also of and from all other Portions of the Rent reserved by the same Grant; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: Provided nevertheless, that any such Exoneration and Discharge shall not prejudice or affect the Right of the Crown to recover against the Remainder of the Lands and Hereditaments comprized in the same Grant the remaining Portions of the Rent thereby reserved.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, having any Estate or Interest m any Hereditaments which may be subject to any Kent or Rents, or any Manorial, Forestal, or other Rights hereby

authorized

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 50.

269

authorized to be sold, to contract for and purchase of the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues such Rent or Rents, or such Manorial, Fore-stal, or other Rights; the Statutes of Mortmain or any other Act or Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Committee or Committees of any Lunatic, or the Guardian or Guardians of any Infant, or the Trustee or Trustees for any Ferae Covert, or other Person under any Incapacity, which Lunatic, Infant, Feme Covert, or other incapacitated Person may be interested in any Hereditaments upon which any Rent or Rents hereby authorized to be sold may be charged, or which may be subject to any Manorial, Forestal, or other Rights hereby authorized to be sold, to contract with and purchase of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues such Rent'or Rents, or such Manorial, Forestal, or other. Rights, on Behalf of such Lunatic, Infant, Feme Covert, or other incapacitated Person, and to apply any Monies in their or his Hands belonging to such Lunatic, Infant, Feme Covert, or other incapacitated Person for that Purpose; and this Act, without any further Authority, except in the Instance hereinafter mentioned, shall be a sufficient Indemnity to every such Committee, Guardian, and Trustee, for the Application of the Money applied in such Purchase, and in Payment of the Expences attending the same: Provided nevertheless, that if the Purchase Money shall exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, the same shall not be so applied, without the Sanction and Authority of the Court of Exchequer in England, if the Hereditaments charged with such Rent or subject to such Rights shall be in England or Wales, or of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, if the Hereditaments charged with such Rent or subject to such Rights shall be in Ireland; which Sanction and Authority the said Courts respectively are hereby empowered to give, on Petition, in a summary Way or otherwise, as to the same Courts respectively shall seem fit.

XLI. And Whereas Cases may occur in which it may be c desirable that Rents, or Manorial, Forestal, or other Rights hereby authorized to be sold, should be purchased, in order that

the same may become extinguished; but by reason of the Hereditaments subject thereto not being vested in any Person for an

Estate of Fee Simple in Possession, or by reason of some In-

capacity in the Owner thereof, special Provisions may be expedient for facilitating such Purchases; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Tenant for Life or Lives, Tenant in Tail or Tenant for any determinable Fee, of any Hereditaments upon which any Rent or Rents hereby authorized to be sold may be charged, or which may be subject to any Manorial, Forestal, or other Rights hereby authorized to be sold, and for the Committee or Committees of any Lunatic, the Guardian or Guardians of any Infant, or the Trustee or Trustees for any Feme Covert, or other Person under any Incapacity, or the Husband of any Feme Covert, which Lunatic, Infant, Feme Covert, or other incapacitated Person shall be Owner of or beneficially interested in any such Hereditaments as aforesaid for Life, in Tail or in Fee, either absolutely or determinable, by any Deed or Deeds, or Instrument

Trustees for incapacitated Persons authorized to purchase Rents;

but if the Purchase-money exceeds 200/., with Sanction j of a Court of Equity.

Tenant of particular Estates authorized to raise Money to redeem Quit Rents, Manorial Rights, Ac.;

270

C. 50.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

but if the Money raised shall exceed 200/., with the Sanction of a Court of Equity.

Commissioners may exchange Lands.

ment or Instruments in Writing, to raise any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purpose of purchasing such Rent or Rents, or Manorial, Forestal, or other Rights, and paying the Expences attending such Purchase, by Mortgage of the said Hereditaments, either in Fee Simple or for* any Term of Years, or by Sale of a sufficient Part thereof, or otherwise, to charge and incumber the same with such Sum or Sums, and the Interest thereof, in such Manner as he or they shall think proper; and every such Sale, Mortgage, Charge, and Incumbrance shall be good and valid in the Law against all Tenants in Remainder or Reversion, and all other Persons interested in or entitled to the Premises so sold, mortgaged, charged, or incumbered, and all other Persons entitled to or claiming any Debt, Charge, or Incumbrance affecting the Premises so sold, mortgaged, charged, or incumbered; and such Mortgages, Charges, and Incumbrances shall have Priority over all other Debts, Charges, and Incumbrances on the same Premises: Provided nevertheless, that if such Purchase Money shall exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds the same shall not be so raised, without the Sanction of the Court of Exchequer in England, if the Premises sold or incumbered shall be in England or Wales, or of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, if the Premises sold or incumbered shall be in Ireland; which Sanction the said Courts are hereby respectively authorized to grant, upon Petition, in a summary Way or otherwise, as to the same Courts respectively shall seem fit.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time to exchange any Part or Parts of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown, herein-before authorized to be sold, for any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments belonging to any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate whomsoever, and for that Purpose to enter into such Contracts or Agreements as to the said Commissioners shall seem proper; and for the Purpose of effecting any such Exchange of any Part or Parts of the said Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crdwn to which this Act relates, of which the Fee Simple and Inheritance shall be vested in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, bn Behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to convey to the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate respectively, with whom the said Exchange is proposed to be made, or in such Manner as he or they shall direct or appoint, the Part or Parts of the said Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown so proposed to be given in Exchange on the Part of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof; and every such Conveyance by the said Commissioners shall be attested, as to the Execution thereof by the said Commissioners, by at least One Witness, and may be in the same Form as that set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed for Conveyances on Sales of any Parts of the said Possessions and Land Revenues, or in any other Form which may be found more convenient; and every such Conveyance of the said Commissioners shall be valid and sufficient

Y0° GEO. IV. C. 50.

271

ficient to pass all the Estate, Right, and Interest of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in and to the Part or Parts of the said Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown to which the same shall relate, to the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, therein named as the Grantee or Grantees, for such Estate or Estates, to such Uses, and upon and for such Trusts, Intents, and Purposes (if any), as shall in and by such Conveyance, or by Reference therein to any other Deed or Instrument, be expressed or declared of or concerning the same; and the Conveyance of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be received in Exchange on the Part of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, may be according to the Form for that Purpose set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, or in any Other Form which to the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues may seem more proper; and the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so received m Exchange shall, on the Execution of the Conveyances thereof respectively, become Part of the Possessions and Land Revenues of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, within the Ordering and Survey of the Court of Exchequer, and subject to the same Provisions, Powers, and Authorities in every Respect, including the Powers and Provisions in this Act contained, as the other Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown to which this Act relates.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, under the Power of Exchange herein-before given, to convey any Part or Parts of the said Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown to which this Act relates, which shall be held in Perpetuity or otherwise, in Exchange for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments held by the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, with whom the Exchange shall be made, for any particular Estate or Interest, or for any Term of Years, or to give any Lease which may have been taken or purchased, under the Powers hereinafter given, in Exchange for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments held in Perpetuity or only for any particular Estate or Interest, or for any Term of Years.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, to agree, on Behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the Receipt or Payment of any Sum of Money for equalizing any Exchange to be made under the Authority of this Act; and all Sums of Money so agreed to be received on the Part of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, shall be paid into the Bank of England or Bank of Ireland, or to the said Commissioners, their Receiver or Agent, in the same Manner as herein-before directed with regard to Purchase Monies on any Sales by the said Commissioners.

XLV. And Whereas it is desirable that His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, should be at liberty to grant any Lands or Hereditaments, Part of the Possessions or Land Revenues of the

Crown to which this Act relates, for any of the Purposes herein mentioned, whenever He or They shall be graciously pleased so

Power to exchange Freeholds for Lands held under any particular Estate, &c.

Power to give or receive Money for Equality of Exchange.

His Majesty may grant Sites for Churches, &c.

272

C. 50.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

to do Be it therefore enacted, That the King's most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, shall at any. Time hereafter have full Power and Authority, out of the said Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown to which this Act relates, to give and grant to and vest in any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whomsoever, and their Heirs and Successors respectively, for such Estate or Interest therein as to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, shall seem meet, any Building proper to be used as or converted into, or any Ground proper for the Site of any Church or Chapel, with or without a Cemetery or Burial Ground thereto, or any Ground proper for a Cemetery or Burial Ground, to any Church or Chapel, and any House, with its Appurtenances, and with or without a Garden thereto, proper for the Residence of the Spiritual Person who may serve such Church or Chapel, or any Ground proper for the Site or Sites of any such Residence, or of any Parochial or District School, any Thing in this Act or any other Law or Statute to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; and such Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, or Administrators, shall have full Capacity and Ability to take, hold, and enjoy the same; and whenever it shall be the Pleasure of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, to jnake a Grant for any of the Purposes aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, for the Time being, to issue a Warrant under his or tljeir Hand or Hands to any such Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons as aforesaid; which Warrant shall be exempt from any Stamp Duty whatsoever, and shall, if the same shall relate to a Grant in England and Wales, be enrolled in Manner hereinafter mentioned, and if the same shall relate to a Grant in Ireland\ shall be enrolled in the Office of Record in Ireland in which the Rentals or Rent Rolls of the King's Rents shall be preserved, and the Enrolment of the said Warrant shall be certified at die Foot or on the Back thereof by the proper Officer or Officers by whom the same shall be enrolled, under his or their Hand or Hands, and the said Warrant, when so enrolled, shall be returned with such Certificate of Enrolment to the Grantee or Grantees of such Lands and Premises; and from and immediately after such Enrolment thereof, the Grantee or Grantees named in such Warrant, and his or their Heirs, Successors, Executors, or Administrators, shall, by Force of this Act, be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be in the actual Seisin or Possession of the Premises in the said Warrant specified, and shall hold and enjoy the same, either absolutely and in Perpetuity, or for such limited Estate, Term, or Interest, and under and subject to. such Reservations of Rent or other Acknowledgments, Conditions, or Restrictions, and upon such Trusts and for such Purposes, as shall be specified, inserted, directed, or contained in such Warrant; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to enable His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, to grant more than Five Acres in any One Grant for any of the Purposes aforesaid, or to grant apy Premises in any One Instance which shall exceed in Value the Sum of One thousand Pounds.

10° GEO. IV. C. 50.

278

XLVI. And Whereas there may be Cases in which Leases, Sales, Exchanges, or Grants of Parts of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown in England or Ireland, made or purporting to be made under Acts heretofore passed relating thereto, are invalid by reason of the Provisions of the said Acts not having been duly complied with, or on other Grounds, and it is expedient that Power should be given to confirm such Leases,

Sales, Exchanges, and Grants in Manner hereinafter mentioned; Be it therefore enacted, That in any Case where a Lease, Sale, Exchange, or Grant heretofore made under the Authority or supposed Authority of any Act heretofore passed relating to the Land Revenues of the Crown in England or Ireland, shall be defective, void, or liable to be set aside by reason of the Parties by whom the same shall purport to have been made not having been duty authorized to make the same, or by reason of any Survey which ought to have been first made having been omitted to be made, or by reason of the Conveyance, Deed, or Instrument by which such Lease, Sale, or Exchange or Grant shall have been made or effected not having been duly enrolled, or by reason of the Provisions of the Act under which the same shall purport to be made not having been duly complied with, or by reason of such Lease, Sale, Exchange, or Grant not having been in fact authorized by such Act, or not having been within the Provisions and within the true Intent and Meaning of such Act, or having been made after such Act shall in fact have been repealed, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, in case such Lease, Sale, Exchange, or Grant shall not be absolutely void, to confirm the same, either in Whole or in Part, and either absolutely or conditionally, and on such Terms as to the said Commissioners shall seem meet; or in case such Lease, Sale, Exchange, or Grant shall be absolutely void, to make any Lease or Grant of the Lands and Hereditaments to which the same shall have related, or any of them, or any Part thereof, for the Purpose of giving to any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, an Estate or Interest therein not greater or more beneficial than the Estate or Interest which he, she, or they would have had under such prior Lease, Sale, Exchange, or Grant, in case the same had been valid.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues to take, on Behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, of and from any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, any Lease of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, ox Hereditaments, for such Period, at such Rent, and with or without any Fine, and subject to such Covenants, Conditions, and Provisions, and on such Terms, as to the said Commissioners shall seem meet, and to enter into such Contracts and Agreements for that Purpose as to the said Commissioners shall seem proper.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues at any Time to purchase, of and from any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate,

For confirming invalid Leases, Sales, &c.

Commissioners may take Leases of Manors, &c.;

and may purchase Leases.

274

C. 50.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Commissioners may assign Leases to certain Persons as Trustees for His Majesty.

Leases purchased under the Authority of this Act may be either merged or kept on foot.

Grown Leases purchased or received in Exchange may be re-sold.

or Collegiate, any Lease or Term of Years which may be then subsisting of and m any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, whether the same shall or shall not be a Part or Parts of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown to which this Act relates, and to enter into such Contracts and Agreements for that Purpose as to the said Commissioners shall seem proper.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where any Lease shall be taken by the Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, on Behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, and in every Case where any Lease, not being a Lease of any Part or Parts of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown to which this Act relates, shall be purchased or taken in Exchange by the said Commissioners, on Behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, the said Commissioners shall cause such Lease to be granted or assigned, as the Case may be, to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall think proper, as a Trustee or Trustees for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and the Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues shall indemnify such Trustees respectively, and their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, of and from the Rents and Covenants in and by such Leases respectively reserved and contained, and on the Part of the Lessees to be paid, observed, and performed.

L. And be it further enacted, That in every Case in which any subsisting Lease of any Part of the said Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown to which this Act relates shall be purchased or taken in Exchange by the Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, or shall have been contracted for under any of the Acts hereby repealed, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners either to cause the same to be surrendered to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in order that the Residue of the Term for which such Lease shall have been granted may merge in the Inheritance and become ex tinguished, or to cause the same to be assigned to any Person or Persons as a Trustee or Trustees for His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in order that the same may be kept on foot distinct from the Inheritance.

LI. And be it further enacted and declared, That the Powers of Sale and Exchange herein-before given to the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues shall extend to the enabling them to sell or exchange any Lease which shall have been purchased or taken under the Provisions herein-before contained, or which shall have been contracted for under any of the Acts hereby repealed, and shall not have been surrendered and merged; and that whenever the said Commissioners for the Time being shall have contracted or agreed with any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, under the Authority of this Act, for the Sale to him* her, or them of any such Lease, the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Lease shall pay the Purchase Money in the same Manner as herein-before directed with respect to any other Part or Parts of the said Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown to which

. this

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 50.

275

this Act relates; and the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, on any Sale of any such Lease, shall, on the Production of the Receipt' of the Cashiers, or of One of the Cashiers of the Bank of England or Bank of Ireland, for the Purchase Money, or in case the same shall not amount to One hundred Pounds, then either on the Production of such Receipt or* on the Payment to them, their Receiver or Agent, of such Purchase Money, or in case of an Exchange, or the Conveyance or Assignment of the Lands and Hereditaments to be received in Exchange being executed, cause the Trustee or Trustees in whom the said Lease shall be then vested to assign the same to the Purchaser or Purchasers, or as he or they shall direct; and every such Assignment shall be good, valid, and effectual, and the Parties claiming under such Assignment shall hold the said Lease discharged from any Trust for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and the said Commissioners shall in and by such Assignment, or by any separate Instrument, at the Option of such Purchaser or Purchasers, in case of a Sale, acknowledge the Payment of the Purchase Money.

LII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioner* said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, iaay purchase Forests, and Land Revenues from Time to Time to contract for Lands> on and purchase, for and on Behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs or of

Successors, any Manors, Lordships, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in Fee Simple, or any Copyhold Lands or Hereditaments the Freehold of which shall be in the Crown, or any Rents, Pensions, Annuities, Fuel Rights, Rights of Common, or other Charges or Rights, whether in Fee Simple or not, which shall be issuing out of or charged upon or extend over any of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown to which this Act relates, which shall in their Judgment be desirable to be purchased for and on Behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors; and all such Manors, Lordships, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, apd Hereditaments, Rents, Pensions, Annuities, or other Charges, so to be purchased, shall be conveyed or surrendered to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and such Conveyances may be either according to the Form set forth in the Schedule hereto annexed for the Conveyance to His Majesty of Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments received in Exchange, or in any other Form which to the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's 'Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues shall seem more proper; and all Manors, Lordships, Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, and shall not become extinct by the Conveyance or Surrender thereof, shall, on the Completion of the respective Purchases thereof, become Part of the Possessions and Land Revenues of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Right of the Crown, and subject to the same Provisions, Powers, and Authorities in every Respect, including the Powers and Provisions in this Act contained, as the other Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown to which this Act relates.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Incapacitated Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, and for all Persons em-Trustees for the Time being, possessed of or entitled to any Leases. P°.wfred sel1

T 2 or *l&hts of

C. 50.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Common, Fuel Rights, &c.

In Cases of Contracts with incapacitated Persons, the Premises to be previously surveyed.

Application of Purchase-Money in Cases of incapacitated Persons when amounting to 501.

or Terms of Years, or any Manors, Lordships, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Rents, Pensions, Annuities, or other Charges or Rights which the Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues shall be desirous of purchasing under the Powers herein-before given, and for all Tenants for any Interest short of an absolute Interest therein, and for the Guardians or Guardian or Committees or Committee of any Person interested therein who shall be an Infant, Lunatic, Idiot, or otherwise incapacitated of acting for himself or herself, jto contract and agree with the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, for the absolute Sale of such Leases, Terms, Manors, Lordships, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Rents, Annuities, Pensions, Charges, or Rights, and to assign, release, convey, or surrender the same accordingly; and every such Contract, Agreement, Assignment, Release, Conveyance, and Surrender shall be as good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if the same were made by a Person absolutely entitled to the Property sold, and under no Disability or Incapacity.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Purchase shall be made from any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, or not having Power to sell, except under the Provision herein-before contained, the Value of the Property purchased shall be ascertained by Two able practical Surveyors, One of whom shall be nominated by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues for the Time being, and the other by the Body Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons, contracting or agreeing to sell the same; and if such Two Surveyors shall not agree in the Valuation thereof, then by such Third Surveyor as the Two so appointed shall for that Purpose nominate; and each of the said Two Surveyors, if they shall agree in and make their Valuation, or if not, then the Surveyor so to be nominated by them as aforesaid, shall annex to their or his Survey, Estimate, or Valuation, when completed, an Oath, or (being One of the People called Quakers) an Affirmation, to be subscribed by him, and taken before and certified by any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, in the same Form and to the same Effect as herein-before set forth for Oaths or Affirmations, to be annexed to Valuations made on any Lease, Sale, or Exchange of any Part of the said Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown to which this Act relates; and the Price or Consideration to be paid or given for such Purchase shall in no Case be less than the Sum at which the same shall be estimated and valued in such Survey, Estimate, or Valuation as aforesaid.

LV. And be it further enacted, That where any Purchase shall be made from any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, or not having Power to sell, except under the Provisions hereinbefore contained, the Purchase Money, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Fifty Pounds, shall with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, if the Property purchased shall be situate in England or Wales, or into the Bank

10° GEO. IV. C. 50.

277

of Ireland, with the Privity of* the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, if the Property purchased shall be situate in Ireland\ to be placed to the Account of such Accountant Generals respectively, ex 'parte the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, without Fee or Reward; and such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Courts respectively, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way or otherwise, as to the said Courts shall seem fit, in such Manner as the said Courts shall think just and equitable, for the Benefit of the Party or Parties who shall have been interested in or entitled to such Property; and in the mean Time, and until the same shall be so applied, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Exchequer, or the said Court of Chancery, as the Case may be, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Cent. Consolidated or Three Pounds/rar Cent. Reduced Bank Annuities; and the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Property sold; but such Money, in case the same shall not amount to the Sum of Fifty Pounds, shall be applied in such Manner as the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues shall think fit, for the Benefit of the Party or Parties who shall have been interested in or entitled to such Property.

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England or Bank of Ireland in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer or Court of Chancery, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of the Property so purchased at the Time of the Purchase shall be deemed to have been lawfully entitled to such Property, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Exchequer or Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession or Receipt was wrongful, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Property.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and they are hereby empowered, ftorn Time to Time, to redeem the Land Tax charged on any Part or Parts of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown to which this Act relates, and to purchase any Land Tax or any Part or Parts of the said Possessions and Land Revenues which may have been redeemed or at any Time hereafter shall be redeemed by any other Person or Persons: Provided

T 3 always,

Persons in Possession deemed entitled to the Premises until the contrary shall be shown.

Commissioners of Woods, &c. may apply any Part of the Land Revenues to the Redemption of the Land Tax.

178

C. 50.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

« G.S. c. 116.

Commissioners invested with the Powers given by Land Tax Redemption Act to the Surveyor General;

but all Sales for Redemption of the Land Tax to be made under the Authority of this Act.

Sales, &c. to be made under Warrant from the Treasury.

always, that this Provision shall not be construed as authorizing any Person or Persons to purchase or redeem the Land Tax charged on any Lands or Tenements belonging to the Crown, Contrary to the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for consolidating the Provisions of the several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax into One Act, and for making further Provision for the Redemption and Sale thereof; and for removing Doubts respecting the Right of Persons claiming to vote at Elections for Knights of the Shire and other Members to serve in Parliament, in respect of Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, the Land Tax upon which shall have been redeemed or purchased

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers which by the last before-mentioned Act are given to the Surveyor General of the Land Revenues of the Crown, for the Purpose of enabling him to redeem the Land Tax charged on the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, and other Revenues of the Crown within the Survey and Receipt of the Exchequer for the Time being, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues; and all the Provisions in the said Act contained, which apply to the said Surveyor General, shall, from and after the Commencement of this Act, apply to the said Commissioners, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes* as if the said Commissioners had been named in the said Act instead of the said Surveyor General,

LIX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That after the passing of this Act no Sale shall be made under the Authority of the said last-mentioned Act of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tithes, Mines, Minerals, Collieries, Woods, Wood-grounds, Fens, Marshes, Waste Lands, or other Hereditaments belonging to the Crown within the Survey of the Exchequer, for the Purpose of raising Money for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged upon any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, Rents, or other Premises of the Crown, it being intended and hereby declared that all Sales which after the passing of this Act shall be made of any Part or Parts of the Possessions or Land Revenues of the Crown to which this Act relates, for raising Money for the Redemption Qf Land Tax, or for any other of the Purposes to which the Monies to arise from such Sales is hereby directed to be applied, shall be made under the Powers and Provisions of this Act and of no other,

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Purchase or Sale, except any Purchase or Sale where the Purchase Money shall not exceed One hundred Pounds, and no Exchange, Lease, or Grant, shall be made by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, under the Powers of this Act, without the previous Authority of the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, to be signified by some Warrant under, his or their Hand or Hands: Provided nevertheless, that such Authority may he given either generally for any particular Class of Cases, or for

12 any

10° GEO. IV. C. 50.

27$

any particular Purchase, Sale, Exchange, Lease, or Grant, and either with or without any Condition or Restriction, as to the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being may seem meet.

LXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That before the making or entering into any Agreement for making any Lease, or i the making of any Purchase, Sale, or Exchange, by the said Com-

t missioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues,

under the Powers herein-before contained, a Survey of the Part or Parts of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown pro-f posed to be leased, sold, or given in Exchange, where the same

shall be capable of such Survey, and an Estimate of the Value

thereof, and also, in the Case of a Purchase or an Exchange, a like Survey and Estimate of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments proposed to be purchased or received in Exchange, shall be taken and made by such able and practical Surveyor or Sur-i veyors as shall be named for that Purpose by or under the Order

and Direction of the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues; and the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall certify, by a Report in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, what in his or their Judgment is the true and fair Worth or Value of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be by them surveyed and valued; and every Person who shall be employed to make any Survey or Estimate as aforesaid shall annex to his Survey and Estimate an Oath (or, being of the People called Quakers, an Affirmation,) taken and subscribed by him before any Ope of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, or any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, the Form whereof shall be as follows:

I A.B. do swear, [or, being a Quaker, do solemnly affirm,]

That the Survey and Estimate, or Account, hereto annexed, (was faithfully and impartially made by me; that the Value of the Property therein contained is justly estimated therein,

according to the best of my Skill and Judgment; and that all the

Particulars stated in the said Survey or Estimate, or Account, are

true, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief. So help me GOD.

LXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, from the Nature of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so proposed to be leased, purchased, sold, or given, or received in Exchange, or from any Circumstances relative, thereto, the Worth or Value thereof cannot be known or ascertained

by the Means of a Survey or Inspection thereof, or where the Value of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be previously known to be so small or inconsiderable that it shall not be deemed expedient to incur the Expence of taking a Survey thereof, or when such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, being in Ireland, shall have been previously surveyed and valued, by Order of and under the Direction of any Commissioners appointed by the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland to enquire into the State of the Crown Lands in Ireland, at any Time since the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and a Report of such Survey and Valuation shall have been made on Oath, and shall, previously to such Lease, Agreement, Purchase, Sale, or Exchange being made, have been

Survey to be made previously to any Lease, Sale, or Exchange.

Surveyor's Oath.

Cases in which Surveys may be omitted.

280

C. 50.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

For Enrolment of Deeds relating to Lands, &c. in England or Wales.

Auditors to enrol Deeds in due Order of Time, and certify the same.

Exception as to Enrolment of Conveyances on Sales under 10CV.

deposited in the Office of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, then and in any such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to make such Lease, or enter into any Agreement for such Lease, or to make such Purchase, Sale, or Exchange, without causing such Survey or Estimate as aforesaid to be previously made.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Deeds or Instruments whereby any Estates, Manors, Lordships, Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, Hereditaments in England or Wales shall be hereafter purchased, sold, leased, or exchanged, under the Authority of this Act, shall, within Six Months after the Date of such Deeds or Instruments respectively, be enrolled as hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say,) until the Determination, as herein-before mentioned, of the present remaining Office of Auditor of the Land Revenue of the Crown, the same shall be enrolled in the Office of the Auditors or Acting Auditor performing' the Duty of Auditor of the Land Revenue of the Crown for the District in which the Premises comprized in such Conveyance, Lease, Deed, or Instrument shall be situate, or if situate in more than One of the Districts for which Auditors of the Land Revenue of the Crown in England and Wales were heretofore appointed, then in the Office of the Auditors or Acting Auditor for any One of such Districts; and after the Determination of the said present remaining Office of Auditor of the Land Revenue of the Crown, the said Leases, Conveyances, Deeds, and other Instruments shall be enrolled in the Office of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts; and until the Determination of the said remaining Office of Auditor, the usual Fee shall be paid for such Enrolment ,; and after the Determination of the said Office, such Fees shall be paid for such Enrolment as the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall from Time to Time appoint, not exceeding such Fees as have been used and accustomed to be taken; and the Fees on the Enrolment of any Lease, Conveyance, Deed, or other Instrument by which any Part or Parts of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown shall be demised, granted, sold, or given in Exchange, shall be paid by the Lessees, Purchasers, or Grantees, and in other Cases by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues; and a Minute or Docket of every such Lease, Grant, Deed, or other Instrument shall be entered and preserved by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues in their Office.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Auditors and Acting Auditor shall and they are hereby required to enrol every Deed and Instrument which are hereby directed to be enrolled in their respective Offices in Order of Time as the same shall respectively be brought to their Offices for that Purpose, and certify under their Hands, or under the Hand or Hands of their Deputy or Deputies for the Time being, upon the said Deeds or Instruments respectively, when enrolled, the Fact of their having been so enrolled.

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Cases of Sales where the Purchase Money shall not amount to the Sum of One hundred Pounds, it shall not be necessary to enrol the Conveyances

10° GEO. IV. C. 50.

veyances by which such Sales shall be carried into Effect; but the Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues shall once in every Year transmit to the Office in which the Conveyance if the Purchase Money had amounted to One hundred Pounds would have been to be enrolled, under the Provisions herein-before contained, a Statement of the Part or Parts of the said Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown which shall have been so sold, and of the Sum for which the same shall have been sold, and the Names of the respective Purchasers, and such Statement shall be enrolled in the Books of such Office.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Conveyance, Deed, or Instrument whereby any Estate, Manor, Lordship, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in England or Wales, or any Term of Years or Interest therein, shall be conveyed or assigned to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or to a Trustee or Trustees for His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, under the Authority of this Act, shall, when so enrolled as herein-before directed, without any Enrolment or Acknowledgment thereof in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity, or any Registry thereof, be as good and available, and of the like Force and Effect, in all Respects, and to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been or was enrolled in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, or as if a Memorial had been entered or registered in the Office appointed for registering Deeds and other Conveyances of Lands and Tenements in the County or Counties in which the same Estates or any of them are situate; any Act, Law, Practice, or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Deed, Certificate, Receipt, or other Instrument, which shall appear to have been made, given, or executed under the Authority of this Act, or of any Act heretofore passed relating to the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown, shall have written thereon a Memorandum of its having been enrolled in the Office of the Auditor or Auditors or Acting Auditor or Auditors of His Majesty's Land Revenues for the District within which the Hereditaments to which the same shall relate shall be situate, or of the Commissioners for auditing Public Accounts, and such Memorandum shall purport to be signed by the said Auditor or Auditors, or Acting or Deputy Auditor or Auditors, or One of them, or the said Commissioners or One of them, or their Deputy, such Memorandum shall, in the Absence of Evidence to the contrary, be sufficient Proof of the Deed, Certificate, Receipt, or other Instrument having been duly made, granted, given, or executed by the Party or Parties by whom the same shall purport to have been signed or executed, and of its having been duly enrolled, as stated in such Memorandum, and of the Provisions of the Act, under which the same shall appear to have been made, granted, given, or executed, having been duly complied with; and such Memorandum shall be receivable in Evidence, without Proof of the Handwriting of the Signature thereto.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the Enrolment of any Deed or other Instrument, or Minute or Docket, before the Auditor or Acting Auditor of the Land Revenue, or in the Office of the Commissioners for auditing Public Accounts, or

281

Deeds, &c. so enrolled in England or Wales not to require any Enrolment in Courts of Law, &c.

Certificates of Enrolment of Deeds, &c. shall be received in Evidence.

Commissioners may authorize the making nunc pro tunc Enrolments of Deeds.

C. 50.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Enrolment of Sales of Copyholds for the" Purpose of Enfranchisement, tfnd of Manorial Rights belonging to the Crown.

Duplicates of Conveyances, &c. of Lands, &c. in Ireland, to be transmitted to the Record Office in Ireland.

Such Duplicates, or attested Copies thereof, shall be Evidence of Title.

the Entry of any Deed or other Instrument in the Office of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, has been or shall be omitted or delayed beyond the Period provided for the Enrolment and Entry thereof respectively, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, for any reasonable Cause to them shewn for the Omission or Delay, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to permit the making of any such Enrolment or Entry nunc pro tunc; and the same respectively, when made under such Authority, shall be as valid and effectual as if made within the Period limited for that Purpose.

LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever, under the Powers of Sale hereinbefore given, the Freehold of any Copyhold or Customary Tenement Parcel of or hoi den of any Manor belonging to the Crown shall be sold by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, for the Purpose of enfranchising such Copyhold or Customary Tenement, or any Manorial Rights Parcel of any Manor belonging to the Crown shall be sold by the said Commissioners, the Deed or Instrument by which such Sale shall be effected shall pot only be enrolled in the Court Rolls of the Manor of or to which such Copy-hold or Customary Tenement or such Manorial Rights shall have been Parcel or Appurtenant, by the Steward of such Manor, or his lawful Deputy, who is hereby required forthwith to enrol such Deed or Instrument, upon the Production thereof to him; and such Steward or Deputy Stewards, having enrolled the said Certificate and Receipt, or other Instrument as aforesaid, shall attest the same under his Hand, and return the same to the Purchaser or Purchasers.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues shall cause Duplicates of all Conveyances, Deeds, or Instruments whereby any Estates, Manors, or Lordships, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in Ireland, which shall be hereafter purchased or taken in Exchange by them for or on Behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, under the Authority of this Act, shall be conveyed to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or to any Person or Persons in Trust for Him or Them, and of all Leases to be made or granted by the said Commissioners under the Authority of this Act, of any Messuages, Lands, or other Hereditaments in Ireland, and of all Grants, Deeds, or other Instruments by which any Part of the Possessions or Land Revenues of the Crown in Ireland shall be granted, sold, or exchanged, under the Powers of this Act, to be transmitted to the Office of Record in Ireland in which the original Rentals or Rent Rolls of the King's Rents shall be preserved; and every such Duplicate shall be there preserved, and shall be and remain of Record among the other Records and Muniments preserved in such Office.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That not only the original Conveyance, Lease, Grant, Deed, or other Instrument by which, any Manors, Lordships, Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments in Ireland shall be demised, granted, sold, or exchanged under the Provisions of this Act, but also the Duplicate thereof to be so transmitted as aforesaid, or a Copy of such Duplicate, attested by

10° GEO. IV. C. 50.

283

the Officer for the Time being in whose Custody the same shall remain, and which Copies the said Officer is hereby authorized and required to grant to any Person applying for the same, on Payment of a Fee of One Shilling for every such Copy, and if the same shall consist of more than Seventy-two Words, then of a further Fee of One Shilling for every Seventy-two Words over the first Seventy-two Words, shall be admitted in all Courts of Law and Equity as Evidence of the Title of the Purchasers, Grantees, Lessees, and all Persons claiming under them, to the Messuages, Lands, or other Hereditaments to which such Leases, Grants, Deeds, or other Instruments shall respectively relate.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Conveyance, Deed, or Instrument, whereby any Manor, Lordship, Messuage, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in Ireland, or any Term of Years or Interest therein, shall be conveyed or assigned to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or to a Trustee or Trustees for His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, under the Authority of this Act, and every Lease to be made or granted by the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, under the Authority of this Act, of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, or other Hereditaments in Ireland, and every Grant, Conveyance, Deed, or other Instrument which shall be made or executed under the Authority of this Act, of or relating to any Part or Parts of the said Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown in Ireland, shall, without any Enrolment thereof in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity, or any Registry thereof, be as good and available, and of the like Force and Effect, in all Respects and to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been or was enrolled in any of His Majesty's Courts in Dublin, or as if a Memorial had been entered or registered in the Office appointed for registering Deeds and other Conveyances of Lands and Tenements in Ireland, under an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne; the said Act, or any other Act, Law, Practice, or Usage, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

LXXIII. And for the Protection of all Persons, and Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, to or with whom Leases, Sales, Exchanges, or Grants may be made under the Authority or supposed Authority of this Act, and of all Parties claiming under them, be it further enacted, That no Person, or Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, claiming under any Deed or Instrument by which any Lease, Sale, or Exchange or Grant shall be made or purport to be made by the Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, under the Authority of this Act, and shall be duly enrolled under the Provisions herein-before contained, shall be bound to enquire whether the said Commissioners shall have been duly authorized by the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to make the same or not, or whether the Survey herein-before directed to be made shall have been actually made or not; or whether, in Cases of Sales, Exchanges, or Leases in Ireland, a Duplicate of the Conveyance, Deed, or Instrument by which such Sale, Exchange, or Lease shall have been made or effected shall have been duly transmitted to Ireland, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act,

or

Deeds, &c. in Ireland not to require Enrolment in Court of Law, &c. or any Registry.

Lessees, Purchasers, &c. not bound to see that the Provisions of the Act have been complied with;

284

C. 50.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

nor to be answerable for Application of Purchase Money.

Auditors Fees not to lie abridged.

Fees on Searches, &c. to be paid to Commissioners, and accounted for.

Conveyances, &c. to be free from Stamp Duty.

or whether the Provisions of this Act in other respects shall have been duly complied with or not; or whether such Lease, Sale, Exchange, or Grant shall have been in fact authorized by this Act or not, or whether it shall or not have been within the Provisions and within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; but every Deed or Instrument by which any Lease, Sale, Exchange, or Grant shall purport to be made under the Authority of this Act shall, after the same shall have been duly enrolled, pursuant to the Provisions herein-before contained, be good, valid, and effectual, as against His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, for the Purposes for which the same shall have been executed.

LXXIV. And to prevent any Question as to the Liability of Purchasers and other Persons paying Money under the Authority of this Act, be it further enacted, That no Person, or Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, paying any Sum of Money under the Authority of this Act, or in pursuance of any Provision herein contained, shall be bound to see to the Application or be answerable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication of the Money so paid by him, her, or them.

LXXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained or to be done in pursuance thereof, shall not extend or be construed to take away, abridge, or diminish any of the Fees, Perquisites, or Allowances which the aforesaid Auditors of His Majesty's Land Revenues, whose Offices have not yet determined, are lawfully or by ancient Usage entitled to take, receive, or be allowed for the Execution of any of the Duties of their respective Offices.

LXXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Repeal of the said Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, hereby repealed, shall not operate or extend to revive any Salaries, Wages, Fees, or Perquisites thereby abolished; and that the Fees now paid to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, upon the Assignment of Leases, and upon Searches for such Copies of Leases, Grants, or other Documents, shall continue to be paid to them and their Successors, and shall be accounted for and applied in the same Manner as other Monies arising from the annual Income of the Possessions of Land Revenues of the Crown to which this Act relates.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Memorandum, Contract, or Agreement to be made or entered into by or with the Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, under the Powers and Provisions of this Act, for the Sale, Purchase, or Exchange of any Estates, Manors, Lordships, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, or Hereditaments, or any Term or Interest therein, by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues; nor any Deed, Receipt, or other Instrument which shall be given, granted, entered into, executed, or made for the Purpose of carrying into Effect any Sale, Purchase, or Exchange to be made by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, under the Powers and Authorities of this Act, or which shall be incidental to or connected with any such Purchase, Sale, or Exchange; nor any Grant by the said Commissioners under the Authority

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 50.

£85

Authority of this Act; nor any Lease, or Contract or Agreement for any Lease or Leases, nor any Counterpart of any Lease, to be entered into, made, executed, or granted under the Powers and Authorities of this Act; nor any Appointment of Officers to be made by the said Commissioners under the Authority hereof; nor any Certificate for any Gamekeeper appointed or to be appointed under the Authority of this Act; nor any Bond to be given by or for any Receiver, as hereinafter mentioned, or by or for any other Officer or Agent, from or for whom Security may be required by the said Commissioners, shall be subject or liable to any ad valorem or other Stamp Duty whatsoever imposed by any Act or Acts now in Force, nor to any ad valorem or other Stamp Duty to be imposed by any future Act or Acts, unless the same be specially subjected thereto in and by such future Act or Acts.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Auction Duty shall be payable in respect of any Sale by Auction by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, of any Part or Parts of the Possessions or Land Revenues of the Crown, under the Powers and Authorities of this Act, or of any Building Materials, or any other Goods, Chattels, or Effects, on Behalf of the Crown; but every such Sale, and the Lands and Hereditaments or other Property or Effects so sold, and the Auctioneer or Auctioneers, so far as respects any such Sale, shall be wholly exempt from all Rates or Duties imposed on Sales by Auction by any Act or Acts now in Force, and from all Rates and Duties to be imposed by any future Act or Acts, unless the same shall be specially subjected thereto by such future Act or Acts.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the passing of this Act shall not vacate the Appointment of any Receiver of the Issues, Revenues, and Profits of any of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues to which this Act relates, who may have been appointed under the Authority of any Act hereby repealed, or to vacate, render void or voidable, any Security given by or for such Receiver; but every such Receiver who shall be in Office at the Time of the passing of this Act shall continue in Office until his Death or Resignation, or until he shall be removed by the Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, or until his Appointment shall cease under the Provisions hereinafter contained; and any Security given for the good Conduct of such Receiver shall stand and remain as a Security for the due Discharge and Performance by him of the Duties hereby imposed upon him.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be appointed a Receiver of the Issue, Revenues, and Profits of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown to which this Act relates, for any County, Hundred, District, or Division in England or Wales (except in London or Middlesex), shall be by Profession a Surveyor of Lands or Land Steward, and accustomed to act as such, or otherwise skilled in the Management and Cultivation of Lands, and competent to the Superintendence thereof; and every Receiver already appointed or to be appointed under this Act shall be resident within the County, Hundred, Division, or District, or One of the Counties, Hundreds, Divisions, or Districts, if his Appointment doth or shall extend to more than One, in or for which

No Auction Duty on Sales:.

Passing of this Act not to vacate the Appointments of Receivers under former Acts, or the Securities* given by them.

Receivers in England to be Land Surveyors, and resident within the Districts for which they are appointed.

C. 50.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Receivers to account to Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues.

Commissioners to take Verifications or Examinations upon Oath.

Penalty on Receivers taking false Oaths.

Receivers to transmit all Sums received monthly.

he has been or shall be so appointed to act as Receiver, and not elsewhere, unless the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues shall think it expedient to dispense with such Residence; and in case any Receiver to be appointed as aforesaid, or any Receiver already appointed as aforesaid, for any County, Hundred, District, or Division in England or Wales, shall cease to reside as aforesaid in any Parts of the County, Hundred, District, or Division, or of any One of the Counties, Hundreds, Districts, or Divisions, in or for which he has been or shall have been so appointed to act as Receiver as aforesaid, without such Dispensation as aforesaid, his Appointment as such Receiver shall immediately thereupon cease, determine, and be void, but without Prejudice to any Party by whom any Money may have been paid to him bond fidey and with* out actual Knowledge of his Appointment having so ceased.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Receivers appointed and to be appointed of the Issues, Rents, and Profits of any of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues to which this Act relates, shall from Time to Time, and at such Times as they shall respectively be required so to do by the Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, render Accounts to the said last-mentioned Commissioners of all Monies received by them respectively, and of all other Acts, Matters, and Things done by them respectively, on account of or in relation to the said Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown; and the said Accounts shall be tried and examined by the said last-mentioned Commissioners, and shall from Time to Time be incorporated with and form Part of the Accounts of such Commissioners to be from Tim6 to Time audited and passed in the Manner herein-before directed; and when the Accounts of the said Receiver, incorporated as aforesaid, shall have been so audited and passed, the Receipts of the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, for the Balance of such Accounts, shall be good and effectual Discharges to the said Receivers respectively.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, or any One of them, and they are hereby respectively authorized, to receive a Verification and take an Examination upon Oath touching and concerning any Account Survey, Estimate, Report, or other Matter or Thing relating to the said Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown to which this Act relates, or to direct such Verifiation to be made before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Receiver, Deputy, or Accountant, or other Person, shall in such Verification or Examination upon Oath as aforesaid be guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, or shall wilfully false-swear himself in regard to any of the Matters aforesaid, such Person so offending shall be liable to be punished in such Manner as is provided by the Laws and Statutes now in Force for the Punishment of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Receiver appointed or to be appointed as aforesaid shall at the End of every.

Month

10° GEO. IV. C. 50.

287

Month (unless otherwise directed by the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues,) transmit all Sums received by him during the Month to the said Commissioners; and every such Receiver who shall at any Time have received or got into his Hands any Sum of Money belonging to the Crown exceeding the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, shall, unless he shall have previously received Instructions to the contrary from the Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, forthwith transmit the same -to the said Commissioners; and in case any Re- Receivers keep-ceiver shall have so got into his Hands any Sum exceeding the ing Monies in Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and shall not forthwith transmit the hnd f be. same to the said Commissioners, or apply or dispose of the same wlt 1

in such other Manner as he shall have been directed to do by the said Commissioners, shall be charged and chargeable with Interest for every such Sum after such Rate, not exceeding the Rate of Ten Pounds for every One hundred Pounds by the Year, as the said Commissioners for the Time being shall in that Behalf appoint, from the Day or Time, Days or Times, at which it shall have been so received, until it shall be transmitted by him to the said Commissioners, or paid over by him in the Manner by them directed.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Person so to Receivers to be appointed a Receiver as aforesaid shall, before he shall exercise give Security, or execute the said Office, or in anywise intermeddle in the Exercise or Execution thereof, enter into such Bond or Obligation, in such Penalty, and with such Sureties, as the Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues shall direct or require, for the faithfully answering and accounting for the Rents, Issues, and Profits to be by him received by virtue of such his Appointment, and for the doing, executing, and performing all such Services and Duties as are hereby required, or shall by the said Commissioners for the Time being be from Time to Time directed or required to be done or performed in relation to such Office as aforesaid; and every such Bond shall have the Effect of a statute Staple to His Majesty,

His Heirs or Successors, for the answering and Payment of all and every Sum or Sums to become payable by virtue thereof; and every Bond so given by any Receiver shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the Execution thereof, be enrolled in the Office of the Auditor of His Majesty's Land Revenues; and every such Bond shall be deposited and kept in the Office of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues.

LXXXVI. And in lieu of Provisions to a similar Effect con- Receivers of tained in the said recited Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years Quit Rents in of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the *Je, a?d to give Management and Improvement of the Land Revenues of the Crown in Ireland, and for other Purposes relating thereto; be it further CU *

enacted, That every Receiver appointed or to be appointed as aforesaid, in Ireland, shall, upon Payment of any Quit Rent, Crown Rent, Composition or other Rent due and payable to the Crown in Ireland, or of any Part thereof, give to the Person paying the samd a full and clear Receipt or Acquittance for what he shall receive,

C. 50.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Fees to be taken for such Receipt.

Distinct Fees may be taken for several Rents included in One Acquittance.

Receivers in Ireland to enter their Receipts in a Book (which the Parties may sign), and return the same to the Record Office.

Collectors of Excise to continue to receive Rents in Ireland until Receivers shall

under his Hand, wherein he shall state the Sum so by him received, and for what Rent, and for what Land or Hereditaments, and on what Account the same shall be paid to him and shall and may demand and receive from the Persons from whom he shall receive any such Quit Rent, Crown Rent, Composition or other Rent, the respective Fees hereinafter mentioned, and no more or other Fee; (that is to say,) for ever Acquittance they shall give for every Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings the Sum of Sixpence, and no more; for every Sum above Twenty Shillings and not exceeding Five Pounds, the Sum of One Shilling and no more; for every Sum above Five Pounds and not exceeding Fifteen Pounds, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence and no more; and for every Sum above Fifteen Pounds, the Sum of Two Shillings and no more; and where any such Acquittance shall be for Half a Year's Rent only, a Fee shall be paid equal to only Half the Fee which would have been payable for the whole Year's Rent.

LXXXVII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That where One Person shall stand chargeable in respect of different Lands or Hereditaments held by him with the Payment of several and distinct Sums, or where more than One Year's Rent shall be paid at the same Time, and One Acquittance only shall be given for what shall be so paid, the said Receivers may demand and receive a distinct Fee, according to the Rate aforesaid, for each of the Rents, and for each Year or Half Year's Rent, which shall be so paid, and which shall be included in such Acquittance.

LXXXVIII. And for preventing any Prejudice to the Person paying any such Crown, Quit Rent, or Composition Rent, by the Loss of any Acquittance to be given pursuant to this Act, be it further enacted, That every such Receiver in Ireland as aforesaid shall every Year prepare a Book wherein he shall enter all the Receipts or Acquittances by him given for all the aforesaid Rents, under his Hand, and in the Presence of the Parties paying the same respectively; which Receipts the said Parties, or any other on their Behalf, may set their Names to, for every which Entry the said Receivers shall and may demand and receive Two-pence (over and above the Fees aforesaid); and the said Receivers respectively shall yearly return the said Books, under their Hands and on their Oaths, into the Office of Public Records in Ireland wherein the Two-penny Books of the Collection of Crown Rents heretofore returned pursuant to the Provisions in that Behalf of an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Third, intituled An Act for making the Collectors Receipts for Qjuit Rent, Crown Rent, and other Rents due to the Crown, full and legal Discharges for the same, and for limiting their Fees thereon, are or shall be deposited, and the same shall there remain and be kept, not only as a Charge on such Receivers respectively, but also as a Discharge to the Subject for all Sums thereby appearing to be paid as aforesaid.

LXXXIX. And Whereas the Rents due to the Crown in i Ireland have hitherto been received by the Collectors of Excise,

1 and it will be most convenient that the same should continue to be collected and received by them, until Receivers thereof shall be duly appointed under the Provisions hereinafter contained; '

Be

A.D. 1820.

10° GEO. IV. C. 50.

289

Be it therefore further enacted, That until Receivers of the Rents, Issues, Revenues, and Profits of His Majesty's Honours, Castles, Lordships, Towns, Manors, Lands, Rents, Services, and other Hereditaments and Possessions in Ireland, shall have been duly appointed under the Provisions of this Act, it shall be lawful for the several Collectors of Excise for the Time being, in the Districts in which any such Honours, Castles, Lordships, Towns, Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Services, and other Hereditaments or Possessions shall be situated, or in which such Rents, Issues, Revenues, and Profits shall be respectively payable, to continue to receive the said Rents, Issues, Revenues, and Profits; and such Collectors shall have all the Powers and Authorities hereby given to the Receivers to be appointed under this Act, and shall exercise and perform all the Offices and Duties which the said Receivers are hereby authorized and required to exercise and perform, and shall be subject to the same Provisions and Penalties in every Respect as the said Receivers are hereby subjected to, except so far as the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues shall otherwise specially direct, by any Writing under their Hands; and such Collectors shall be entitled to demand and receive the several Fees which the Receivers to be appointed under this Act are herein-before authorized to receive.

XC. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for every Person who hath been or shall be so appointed a Receiver of the Issues, Revenues, and Profits of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown to which this Act relates, and he is hereby authorized and empowered, by virtue of such his Appointment, alone and without any further Order, Warrant, or Authority whatsoever, by himself or any Person whom he shall for that Purpose depute, to make any Distress or Distresses for any Rent or Rents which shall be due, in arrear, or unpaid, from any Lessee or Lessees, Occupier or Occupiers, Tenant or Tenants of any of the Estates or Possessions which shall be in the Collection, Receipt, or Management of such Receiver, or from any Person or Persons liable to the Payment of any Quit Rent or other Rent within the Collection, Receipt, or Management of such Receiver, and the Goods, Chattels, and Effects so distrained to impound, sell, and dispose of; and all Sheriffs, Mayors, Justices, Bailiffs, Constables, Headboroughs, and other Officers and Ministers of Justice, are hereby directed, and required to be aiding and assisting such Receiver or his Substitute in the making such Distress or Distresses, and the impounding, selling, and disposing of the Goods, Chattels, or Effects so to be taken or distrained, or in all other Matters relating thereto, or to the Execution of the said Office, as Occasion shall require: Provided always, that every such Receiver shall and he is hereby required, in making or causing to be made any such Distress, and in relation to any Question or Questions at Law or otherwise which may arise thereupon, to obey and conform to all such Orders and Regulations as shall be given him in that Behalf by the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That if any Lessee or Lessees, Occupier or Occupiers, Tenant or Tenants of any Part of the - JO Geo. IV. U Possessions

be appointed under the Powers of this Act.

Receivers empowered to distrain for Rent;

Crown Lessees and Tenants in arrear to pay Interest.

290

C. 5Q.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Commissioners empowered to give Notices, make Claims, and authorize Entries, &c.

Possessions or Land Revenues of the Crown to which this Act relates, the annual Rent whereof payable to the Crown shall exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, shall be in arrear for, or hold in his, her, or their Hands or Custody, any Rent or Rents, or Mesne Profits or other Profits or Produce due or belonging to the Crown, arising from any Part of such Possessions or Land Revenues, for the Space of Three Calendar Months after he, she, or they shall have been applied to, either personally or by Letter from the Receiver authorized and empowered to receive the same, for the Payment thereof, without paying over the same to such Receiver, then and in such Case every such Person liable to the Payment of and who ought to have paid the same shall be charged and chargeable with Interest for such Arrear, to be calculated after the Rate of Five Pounds for every One hundred Pounds by the Year, upon the Sum or respective Sums so in arrear, from the Day or Time or respective Days or Times upon or at which the same became due, up to the Day or Time upon or at which the same shall be actually paid; and that such Interest shall and may be added to the Rent or Mesne Profits or other Profits or Produce so in arrear as aforesaid, and shall be recovered and received by the same Ways and Means as Rents are by this Act made recoverable, together with all Costs and Expences to be sustained or incurred in or about the Recovery thereof.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to give any Notice, make any Claim or Demand, and to depute or authorize any Person or Persons to make an Entry, which shall be requisite or expedient to be given or made, by or on Behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, with a view either to compel any Tenant, Lessee, or Occupier of any Part or Parts of the said Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown to which this Act relates to quit or deliver up the Possession thereof, or to compel the Performance of any Covenant, Contract, or Engagement in relation thereto, or to recover Possession on Nonperformance of any Covenant, Contract, or Agreement, or to compel the Payment of any Sum of Money which ought to be paid in respect thereof, and to give any other Notice, make any other Claim or Demand, and depute any Person or Persons to make any other Entry, which shall or may be requisite or expedient to be given or made, by or for or on the Behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, touching any of the said Possessions or Land Revenues; and that every such Notice, Claim, or Demand which shall be given or made in Writing under the Hands of the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, or any Two of them, for any of the Purposes aforesaid, and every Entry which shall be made by any Person or Persons deputed or authorized by the said Commissioners to make the same, on Behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, into or upon any of the said Estates or Possessions, shall be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and shall have such and the like Force and Effect as if the same were respectively 13 given

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV.

291

C. 50.

given or made by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors; and all such Notices, Claims, Demands, or Entries shall respectively be deemed, construed, and taken to have been given and made by or on Behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, with the Consent and Approbation of the said Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Treasury, in any Case where it shall seem to the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues expedient so to do, to make any Composition or Agreement with any Person or Persons for any Arrears of Rent or Rents which may be due or owing to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in respect of any Part or Parts of the said Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown to which this Act relates; and from and after the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money so agreed upon, His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, shall be barred from suing for or in any Manner recovering any such Arrears of Rent so compounded for as aforesaid; any Act, Law, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Doubt, or Difference shall at any Time hereafter arise between the Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and any other Person or Persons whomsoever, touching or concerning the Boundaries, Extent, or Amount of any of the Lands, Tenements, Possessions, Rents, or Land Revenues of the Crown to which this Act relates, or any Right of Common, Right of Way, or other Right or Easement whatsoever claimed or to be claimed in respect of or as appurtenant to, or in, over, upon, or out of the same Lands, Tenements, Possessions, Rents, and Land Revenues, or any of them respectively, or otherwise howsoever in respect of or in relation thereto, then and in every such Case, and so often as the same shall happen, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the said Lord High' Treasurer or the Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Treasury, to join and concur with the Person or Persons with whom any such Dispute, Doubt, or Difference shall arise as aforesaid, in referring the same to the Arbitration, or Arbitration and Umpirage, of such One or more Person or Persons, and upon such Terms and in such Manner, in all Respects, as they the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, by and with such Consent as aforesaid, shall think fit; and for that Purpose to make, sign, seal, and enter into such Agreement or other Contract for Reference, for and on Behalf of His said Majesty, as may be deemed advisable, and to perform the Award to be made in pursuance of any such Reference: Provided always, that every such Submission to Arbitration, or the Agreement or other Contract for the same, and the Award to be made in pursuance thereof, or a Duplicate of the same respectively, shall, within

U 2 Three

Power to Commissioners to compound for Rent, &c.

Disputes respecting Boundaries, &c. to be settled by Arbitration.

292

C. 50 *

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

On Abolition of the Offices of Chief Justices in Eyre the Powers thereof to rest in First Commissioner.

Power to make Compensation to Parties relinquishing Old Encroachments on the Royal Forests.

Three Calendar Months from the Date of each such Award, be enrolled in the Office of His Majesty's Auditor or Acting Auditor or Auditors of the Land Revenues for the Time being in England Wales, or in the before-mentioned Office of Record in Ireland, as the Case may be, and when so enrolled shall be binding and conclusive on His said Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and other the Party or Parties to each such Reference respectively, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns; and that such Enrolment shall at all Times be good and sufficient Evidence of such Submission, Agreement, or other Contract and Award respectively, and of the making, signing, sealing, or executing of the same, and of the Contents thereof respectively, and be received as such Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity whatsoever.

XCV. And Whereas by the said recited Act of the Fiftyseventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to abolish the Offices of the Wardens, Chief Justice, and Justices in Eyre North and South of Trent,

it was enacted, that upon the Termination of the then existing Interests in the respective Offices of Wardens, Chief Justice,

1 and Justices in Eyre of His Majesty's Forests, Chases, Parks,

and Warrens North and South of Trent respectively, the same should be abolished; Be it further enacted, That from and after such Abolition all the respective Powers and Authorities belonging to the said Offices respectively shall, upon the ceasing of such Offices respectively, become vested in the First Commissioner for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, without any special or other Appointment for that Purpose; and every such First Commissioner for the Time being shall and he is hereby empowered and required to perform all toe Duties belonging to the said Offices respectively; but $uch First Commissioner shall not have, take, or receive any Salary, Fee, or Emolument whatsoever in respect thereof.

XCVI. And Whereas many Purprestures, Encroachments,

and Trespasses have been made and continued upon the Soil of His Majesty within the Boundaries of some of the Royal Forests, which have been used and occupied by the Person or Persons in Possession thereof, or others under whom they claim,

without any effectual Interruption by or on the Part of His Majesty: And Whereas in some Cases it will be expedient to permit such Persons to continue in Possession under certain Regulations, and in others to make Compensations for the Sur-

render, of such Possessions; Be it therefore enacted, That in all Cases of Purprestures or Encroachments in any of the Royal Forests, which Purprestures or Encroachments snail appear to have been enclosed or used and occupied by the Person or Persons then in Possession thereof, or by any Person or Persons under whom the same are respectively claimed to be held, without any effectual Interruption by or on the Part of His Majesty for any Period not Jess than Ten Years, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues %o make Satisfaction or Compensation in Money, in Consideration of the Removal, Abatement, or Resumption of any such Encroachment or Purpresture, or to grant

10° GEO. IV.

993

G.50.

to the Person or Persons in Possession of such Encroachment dr Purpresture a Lease for any Term not exceeding Three Lives or Thirty-one Years, either of such Encroachment or Purpresture, or any other Part or Parts of the Forest in lieu thereof, as to the said Commissioners shall under the Circumstances of the Case appear reasonable and proper; provided that there shall be reserved in every such Lease such annual Rent or Rents to be paid to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, as under all the Circumstances of the Case shall by the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues be deemed reasonable and proper.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, to grant any Lease, for any Term not exceeding Thirty-one Years, of any Part of the Royal Forests for the Purpose of making any Railway, Tram road, or Inclined Plane, or for erecting any Steam Engine or other Works or Machinery, with a Licence in such Lease to make or erect the same, and to raise, get, and carry away any Stone, Slate, Coal, Ore, or Marl in any of the Royal Forests, under such Modifications and Restrictions, for such yearly Rent, and upon such Terms and Conditions, as to the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues may seem expedient: Provided always, that no such Lease or Licence for the Purpose of making such Railway, Tramroad, or Inclined Plane, or of erecting such Steam Engine or other Works or Machinery, shall be granted in any Case where the Use of the same would interfere with or in any Way abridge or prove inconsistent with the Exercise of the Rights vested in either of the Companies established by Two Acts passed in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, the one intituled An Act for making and maintaining a Railway er Tramroad from the Summit of the Hill above Churchway Engine in the Forest of Dean, in the County of Gloucester, to a certain Place in the said Forest called Cinderford Bridge; the other intituled An Act for making and maintaining a Raimayfrom the River Wye, at or near to a Place called Lidbrook, in the Parish of Ruardean, in the County of Gloucester, to or near to a place called Lower Forge, below Newem, in the Parish of Lydney, in the said County9 and for making other Railways therein mentioned, in the Forest of Dean, in the County ©^Gloucester, without the previous Consent and Concurrence of the Companies incorporated^ under the said Acts.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, to contract and agree with any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic* Corporate, or Collegiate, for the Sale or Exchange of, and absolutely to» dispose of, either by way of Sale for such Sum or Sums of Money as to them shall appear a sufficient Consideration for the same, or by way of Exchange for any other Lands or Hereditaments, with or without giving or receiving any Sum of Money for Equality of Exchange, any Part or Parts of the said

U 3 Possessions

Power to grant Leases of Forests for making Railways.

49 G. 3; c.clviin.

49 G.3. c.diXb

Commissioners may contract for the Sale or Exchange of Lands not suited for Timber in the Forests where intermixed with the Lands of others.

294 *

C. 50.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Forms of Leases of Parts of the Forests.

Unlawful Inclosures, &c. Jo be enquired of by the Verderers, and the Persons making the same fined.

Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown to which this Act relates, which shall consist of any Parcels of Land in any of the Royal Forests which are or may be wholly or in Parts surrounded by, intermixed with, or contiguous to other Lands not the Property of the Crown, and which Parcels of Land shall not be suited for the Growth of Timber, or any Waste or other Lands in any of the Royal Forests which shall not exceed in Value in any One Instance the Sum of One thousand Pounds, or of any Rights or Interests which His Majesty now hath, or which He, His Heirs or Successors, may have, over Parcels of Land in any of the Royal Forests, the Property of any of His Majesty's Subjects, and which Rights and Interests shall be considered as of little Value to the Crown, or of any Rights of Forest, Free Chase, and Free Warren in or belonging to any of the Royal Forests, extending over the Lands of any of His Majesty's Subjects, independent of and not being appurtenant to any existing Manor or Lordship; and every such Sale and Exchange shall be carried into Effect in such and the like Manner as is herein-before directed with respect to other Parts of the Land Revenues of the Crown to which this Act relates.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That all Leases which shall be granted by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, under the Authority of this Act, of any Part of the Royal Forests, may be either according to the Form for that Purpose set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, or in any other Form which to the said Commissioners may seem more expedient.

C. And Whereas the Number of unlawful Inclosures, Purpres- tures, Encroachments, and Trespasses in the Royal Forests has of late Years been much increased, and the Fences of many of such Encroachments, and the Houses and Buildings erected thereon, though at different Times abated and thrown down by the Keepers or other Officers of the said Forests, have again been reinstated by the Trespassers who originally made them,

or by others subsequently occupying or claiming the same:

And Whereas it is expedient that more effectual Provision should be made for the Prevention of such Offences, and for the Punishment of the Offenders in future Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act all such unlawful Inclosures, Purprestures, Encroachments, and Trespasses, which shall have been wilfully made or caused or procured to be made by any Person or Persons in and upon any of the Royal Forests, or shall be wilfully held, occupied, and made use of by any Person or Persons subsequently occupying or claiming the same, (save and except such as have been demised or sold, or in respect of which any Treaty for a Demise or Sale shall or may be pending, under the Provision for that Purpose herein-before contained, between the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and the Party or Parties who shall be pretended Owners or actual Occupiers thereof,) shall and may be enquired of by the Verderers of the respective Forests within which such unlawful Inclosures, Purprestures, Encroachments, or Trespasses shall have been made in the Courts of Attachment of the said Forests respectively; and the Person or Persons

10° GEO. IV. C. 50.

295

guilty of making, continuing, and renewing any such unlawful Inclosure, Purpresture, Encroachment, or Trespass, save as aforesaid, shall and may be prosecuted for the same in the said Court or Courts; and upon Proof being made thereof on the Oath of One credible Witness, the Verderers of the said respective Forests, or any Two of them present at the said Court or Courts, shall have Power and they are hereby authorized to fine any i Person or Persons so offending, for every such Offence, any Sum

I not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied in

Manner hereinafter provided for, and to order and direct every t such unlawful Inclosure, Purpresture, Encroachment, and Trespass (save as aforesaid) to be abated by the Regarders, Under Foresters, Under Keepers, or other Officers of the said Forests respectively, who are hereby authorized and empowered to abate the same accordingly: Provided nevertheless, that in case it shall be insisted upon by any Person or Persons who shall be proceeded

against in any of the said Attachment Court or Courts as. hereinbefore directed, that the Place wherein the Inclosure, Purpresture, Encroachment, or Trespass shall have been or shall be alleged to have been made was not within the Boundaries of any i of the said Forests, or within the Lands belonging to His Majesty

i within the same, the said Verderers shall not proceed to Conviction, but shall certify the Presentment of such Offence to His Majesty's Attorney General, to the End that such Proceeding may be had therein by Information of Intrusion, or otherwise, as, by Law might have been had before the passing of this Act.

Cl. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the, Verderers of any of the said Forests, or any Two of them, at any

Court of Attachment holden for any of the said Forests, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to nominate and appoint any Person or Persons to be the Officer or Officers of the said Court or Courts, Forest or Forests, for the Purpose of executing the Judgments and Orders of the said Court or Courts from Time to Time given and made; and the Person or Persons so appointed shall, during the Time mentioned in such Warrant or Warrants, or until the same shall be recalled, or their Appoint ment or Appointments revoked by the said Verderers, have full Power and Authority to execute the Judgments and Orders of the said Court or Courts within the said respective Forests, in such and the same Manner and by such and the same Means as any Constable or other Peace Officer can or may by Law execute die Warrant of any Justice of the Peace for any County; and the said Verderers, or any Two of them, shall and may fix and allow such Fees to be paid to or taken by such Officer and Officers as the said Verderers shall in their Discretion think fit.

CII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Verderers of any of the said Forests, or any Two of them, at any Court of Attachment to be holden for any of the said Forests, to enquire into the Conduct and Behaviour of the Regarders, Under Foresters, Under Keepers, or other Officers of the said Forests, in their said Offices; and if the said Verderers shall find that any Regarder, Under Forester, Under Keeper, or other Officer, shall have wilfully omitted to perform the Duty of his Office in preventing Purprestures and Encroachments, or in any other Re-

U 4 spects,

The Verderers may appoint Officers for executing the Orders of the Court, and fix Fees.

Court of Attachments may enquire into the Conduct of the Regarders and other Officers, and for Neglect of Duty may fine Uiem.

296

C. 50.

\0d GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Act not to prevent proceeding by ordinary Course of Law.

Penalties not directed to be recovered before the Verderers may be recovered before a Justice.

Application of Penalties.

spects, it shall be lawful for the Verderers of any of the said Forests, or any Two of them, (having due Proof made before them on Oath of any such wilful Neglect, Omission, or Default,) and they are hereby authorized, to set and impose a Fine, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, on such Kegarder, Under Forester, Under Keeper, or other Officer, for every such his wilful Act, Neglect, Omission, or Default, to be recovered and applied as hereinafter mentioned.

CI1L Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent His Majesty from proceeding by Information in His Court of Exchequer, or from having Recourse to any other Law which may now exist, for the Punishment of Offences of the Nature hereinbefore mentioned, in all Cases where such Proceedings shall be deemed more advisable than those which are authorized by this Act.

Gravel, &c. not fobe taken from

hereinbefore Forests,

the Verderers of any of the said Forests in the said Courts of Attachments, shall and may he recovered in a summary Way before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for any County, Riding, Division, or Place in which the Person having incurred the same shall happen to be; and in case any Penalty recovered before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or before the Verderers of any of the said Forests, or any Two of them, or in the said Courts of Attachments, or any Fine set or imposed by the said Verderers or any Two of them, or the said Courts, shall not be paid forthwith, it shall be lawful for the Justice or Justices, or Verderers, or the said Courts, by whom such Fine shall be set or imposed, or before whom such Penalty shall be recovered, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, and directed by such Justice or Justices to any Constable or other Peace Officer, and by the said Verderers or Courts to the proper Officer or Officers to be appointed for any of the said Forests in the Manner hereinbefore provided, to cause such Fine or Penalty to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, together with all Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and in case no sufficient Distress can be bad or made, such Justice or Justices, Verderers, or Courts, shall, if he or they shall think proper, commit the Offenders to the Common Gaol or some House of Correction within such County, Riding, Division, City, Town, or Place as aforesaid, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Six Months.

CV. And be it further enacted, That all the said Penalties shall, when recovered, be, by the Verderers or other Person or Persons receiving the same, forthwith paid over to the Under Steward of the Forest in which the same shall have been incurred, and be applied in defraying the Expences attending the Execution of any Laws relating to the said Forest, as the Verderers of the said Forest, or any Two or more of them, shall, at a Court of Attachments of the said Forest, direct.

CVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall not be lawful for any Surveyor of any

Turnpike

C. 50.

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV.

Turnpike Road or any Highway, or for any other Person, to dig, get, or carry away, or cause to be dug, got) or carried away, any Stone or Gravel, or other Materials whatever, for the making or repairing of any Road or Way, or for any other Purpose, in or from any of His Majesty's Forests, Woods, or Woodlands, without the Consent in Writing of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues for the Time being for that Purpose first had and obtained.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That all Suras to be received under the Authority of this Act, for or in respect of any Sales, Exchanges, or Leases in any of the Royal Forests, shall be applied in the Payment of the Purchase Monies on the Purchase of any Rights of Common, Fuel Rights or other Rights, or of any Lands or other Hereditaments in the said Royal Forests which may be purchased under the Authority of this Act, and in Payment of the Monies to be paid for Equality of Exchange on any Exchange in any of the Royal Forests which may be made under the Authority of this Act, and of the Expences of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues in or relating to such Purchases and Exchanges, and in the Payment of any Monies which may be agreed to be paid by way of Compensation for the Relinquishment of Purprestures and Encroachments in any of the said Royal Forests, and, subject thereto, shall be applied in or towards the maintaining of the said Forests, and the Payment of the Expences attending the Management thereof.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That, subject to the Provision herein-before contained with respect to the Application of Monies to arise from Sales, Exchanges, and Leases in the Royal Forests, and also subject, as to the Monies to arise from Sales and Exchanges in Ireland, to the Provisions contained in the said recited Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty as to the Application of the Monies to arise from the Sale or Exchange of any Parts of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown in Ireland, previously to their being applied to the same Purposes as Monies arising from Sales and Exchanges of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown in England, all Sums to be received under the Authority of this Act for or in respect of any Sales of any of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown, or for Equality of Exchange on any Exchange of any of the said Possessions and Land Revenues, shall be applied in the Payment of the Purchase Monies on the Purchase of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, or other Hereditaments under the Authority of this Act, or in the Purchase of any Lease of any Part of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown which may be bought in under the Authority of this Act, and in Payment of the Monies to be paid for Equality of Exchange on any Exchange to be made under the Authority of this Act, and of the Expences of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues in or relating to such Purchases and Exchanges, and in the Payment of the Monies to be paid for the Redemption or Purchase of any Land Tax which may be redeemed or purchased under the Provisions herein-before contained, and of the Expences of the said Commissioners

297

Forests without Consent.

Application of Monies to arise from Sales, &c. in the Forests.

Application of Monies arising from Sales, &c.

998

C. 50.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Sums arising from Sales not immediately wanted to be invested in the Three per Cents.

Dividends of Stock so purchased to be applied in same Manner as annual Income of Land Revenues in Eog^ land and Ireland respectively;

and Stock so purchased to be sold when wanted.

in or relating to such Purchase or Redemption^ and in the Discharge of any Incumbrances which now or hereafter are or may be charged upon or affect any of the said Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown to which this Act relates.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, to cause any Sums already received or which shall hereafter be received for or in respect of any Sales or Exchanges of any of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown, and which may not be immediately wanted for the Purposes to which the same are hereby made applicable, to be laid out in the mean Time in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, in the Name of the Lord High Treasurer or of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury; in which Name the Governor and Comany of the Bank of England are hereby authorized and required to permit Transfers to be made of the Annuities to be so purchased; and such Transfers shall be accepted by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, in the Name and on Behalf of the said Lord High Treasurer or the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

CX. And be it further enacted, That the Amount of the Dividends of the Stocks and Annuities to be purchased as last aforesaid shall from Time to Time, as the said Dividends shall become due, be placed by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to the Credit of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues in their Account with the Bank; and so much of the Dividends as shall have become due in respect of Stocks purchased with Monies which shall have arisen from the Sale or Exchange of any of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown in England or Wales, the Isle of Man and its Dependencies, or the Isle of Alderney, shall be applied and disposed of by the said Commissioners in the same Manner and for the same Purposes as and considered in all Respects as Part of the annual Income of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown in England and Wales; and so much of the said Dividends as shall have become due in respect of Stocks purchased with Monies which shall have arisen from the Sale or Exchange of any of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown in Ireland, shall be applied and disposed of by the said Commissioners in the same Manner and for the same Purposes as and considered in all Respects as Part of the Sums to be received under the Authority of this Act for or in respect of the annual Income of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown in Ireland.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as it shall be necessary or expedient to raise, by Sale of any of the Stocks or Annuities to be so purchased as aforesaid, any Sum of Money for the Purposes to which Monies to be received under the Authority of this Act from Sales or Exchanges of any of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown are hereby respectively made applicable, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, for the

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 50.

299

Time being, to sell out all or any Part of the said Stocks or Annuities; and the Sums raised by the Sale of the said Stocks and Annuities shall be paid into the Bank of England, and be placed to the Credit of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods,

Forests, and Land Revenues; and so much of the said Monies as shall have been raised by the Sale of Stock purchased with Monies which shall have arisen from the Sale or Exchange of any of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crov^n in England or Wales, the Isle of Man and its Dependencies, dr the Isle of Alderney, shall be applied and disposed of by the said Commissioners in the same Manner and for the same Purposes as and considered in all Respects as Part of the Sums to be received under the Authority of this Act for or in respect of any Sales or Exchanges of any of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown in England and Wales9 the Isle of Man and its Dependencies, or the Isle of Alderney; and so much of the said Monies as shall have been raised by the Sale of Stock purchased with Monies which shall have arisen from the Sale or Exchange of any of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown in Ireland, shall be applied and disposed of by the said Commissioners in the same Manner and for the same Purposes, and considered in all Respects as Part of the Sums to be received under the Authority of this Act for or in respect of any Sales or Exchanges of any of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown in Ireland.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Stock Transfers may which shall be sold by the said Lord High Treasurer or the Com- be made by missioners of His Majesty's Treasury, under the Provisions herein- Power of before contained, may be transferred by any Person or Persons to Attorney* be appointed by him or them for that Purpose, by any Letter of Attorney, under the Hand and Seal of the said Lord High Treasurer, or under the Hands and Seals of any Three of the said Commissioners for the Time being, and attested by Two or more credible Witnesses; and the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall and they are hereby authorized and required to permit all such Transfers to be so made.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That the annual Income of all the said Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown, to which this Act relates, including Fines on Leases, and all other Sums received in respect of such Leases or otherwise, for or in respect of the said Possessions and Land Revenues (except from Sales or Exchanges), shall be applied in Manner following; (that is to say,) in. the first Place, in Payment of the Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the Management of the said Possessions and Land Revenues; in the next Place, in the Payment and Discharge of any annual Sum or Sums* of Money or any Pensions already charged or to be charged thereon respectively, and in the Payment of any other Principal Sum and the Interest of any Principal Sum or Sums of Money which is already or may be hereafter charged upon the said Possessions and Land Revenues; in the next Place, so much of the Monies to arise from the said annual Income as the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being shall from Time to Time think proper shall be applied towards the Payment and

Application of annual Income of Land Revenues.

300

C. 50.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

The Land Revenues, on their Resumption by the Crown, to be charged with the Repayment of certain Sums expended in their Improvement.

Discharge of the Costs, Charges, and Expences of the Repairs, Alterations, and Improvements of Buckingham House, and the Buildings, Offices, and Grounds appertaining and belonging thereto; provided that the Sum to be so applied under this Act to such Repairs, Alterations, and Improvements, shall not exceed the Sum of One hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, over and above the Sum of Three hundred and forty-six thousand Pounds which hag been already applied thereto previous to the passing of this Act; and, subject to the Applications aforesaid, the said annual Income shall, during the Life of His present Majesty, be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and from and after the Demise of His present Majesty (whom God long preserve) shall be payable and paid to the King's Majesty, His Heirs and Suo cessors.

CXIV. And Whereas by the Acts hereinbefore recited, by which it was provided that the Sums amounting to Six hundred thousand Pounds, herein-before mentioned, should become a Loan upon the Land Revenues of the Crown in England, when-< ever the Produce of the said Land Revenues should cease to *4 be carried to the Consolidated Fund, it was also provided that the said Sums should in that Event bear Interest from the respective Times when the same were advanced; and it is reasonable that the said Land Revenue, if resumed by the Crown, shall only be charged with Interest on the said Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds from the Time of such Resumption; and it is also reasonable, in case of the Principal Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, herein-before mentioned to have been borrowed under the Authority and for the Purposes of the said recited Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His pre

sent Majesty or any Part thereof, should be paid off out of the annual Income of the said Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown, whilst the same shall be carried to the Consolidated Fund, that so much of the said Principal Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds as shall be so paid off should, in the Event of the said Land Revenues of the Crown being resumed, be a Charge thereon, with Interest from the Time of such Resumption; Be it therefore enacted, That whenever the annual Produce of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown shall cease to be carried unto and form Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and shall be retained by the Crown as Part of its Hereditary Revenue, the same shall be charged and chargeable with the Repayment into the said Consolidated Fund of the said Principal Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds before mentioned, and of so much of the said Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds as shall have been paid off out of the annual Income of the said Possessions and Land Revenues as aforesaid, together with Interest for the same at the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum 'per Annum, to be computed from the Time when the annual Income of the said Possessions and Land Revenues shall so cease to be carried to the Consolir dated Fund and be retained by the Crown; and such Land Revenues shall thenceforth be applicable to the Repayment of such Principal Sum or Sums, and to the Payment of such Interest fcfr

10° GEO. IV. C. 50.

301

the same as aforesaid, prior to any other Application thereof, except the Charges attending the Management thereof, and the Payment and Discharge of any Sum or Sums now already charged thereon or to be charged thereon under or by virtue of this Act, and the Interest thereof, or of so much thereof as shall from Time to Time remain unpaid and undischarged, and the Interest thereof.

CXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by any Warrant or Warrants under His or Their Royal Sign Manual, countersigned by the Lord High Treasurer or any Three or more of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time bein£, to authorize the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues to allow and pass all or any of such Charges as shall from Time to Time be made by the respective Sheriffs of the Counties within the said Principality, in the Accounts by them to be delivered into the Office of the said Commissioners of Expences incurred by them respectively in providing necessary Accommodations for His Majesty's Justices of the Great Session of Wales during their Sessions, pursuant to an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for providing proper Accommodations for His Majesty's Justices of the Great Session of Wales during the Time of holding such Sessions; and to direct that Certificates shall be delivered by the said Commissioners to the said Sheriffs, of the Sums so allowed and passed in their Accounts respectively, and also to authorize, during the aforesaid Term, the Receiver or Receivers of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown in Wales to pay the Sums so from Time to Time certified, upon the Production and Delivery to him and them of such respective Certificates, without any Fee, Deduction, or Reward whatsoever, to be paid by the Sheriff either to such Commissioners or Receiver.

CXVI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That no greater or larger Sum shall be allowed, passed, certified, and paid than the Sum of Ten Pounds, for or in respect of such Accommodations in any One County, during or upon account of any One such Session.

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues shall keep an Account with the Bank of England, to be entitled " The Woods and Forests Fund," and may, if they shall find it more convenient so to do, keep any other distinct Account or Accounts with the said Bank of England; and shall also, so long as they shall find it necessary so to do, keep an Account with the Bank of Ireland; and the said Commissioners, observing the Rules and Regulations hereby prescribed, shall not be answerable, either collectively or individually, for any Money which they the said Commissioners; or any or either of them, shall have paid into the Bank of England or Bank of Ireland.

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues shall cause all Sums of Money, Bills, and Draughts received by them, their Agents or Receivers, either on account of the annual Income of the Possessions and Land Revenues of

Accommodation of Justices at Great Sessions in Wales to continue to be defrayed out of the Land Revenues of the Crpwn.

8 G.S. c. 14.

But not more than 10/. at One Time.

Commissioners to keep Account with the Bank.

Commissioners to cause all Sums received by their Agents, &c. to be paid into the Bank

S02

0* 50 *

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

of England or Bank of Ireland.

Commissioners to retain a Sum for current Payments.

Payments to be made by Drafts on the Banks of England and Ireland.

the Crown of England or Wales, the Isle of Man and its Dependencies, or the Isle of Alderney, or for Fines on Leases, or on the Sale or Exchange of any Parts of the said Possessions and Land Revenues, to be paid as soon as conveniently may be into the Bank of England $ and shall cause all Sums of Money, Dills, and Drafts received by them, their Agents or Receivers, either on account of the annual Income of the Possessions and Dand Revenues of the Crown in Ireland, or for Fines on Leases, or on the Sale or Exchange of any Parts of the said Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown in Ireland, to be paid as soon as conveniently may be, either into the Bank of England or the Bank of Ireland; and all Sums of Money, Bills, and Drafts which shall be received by the said Commissioners on any of the Accounts aforesaid at their public Office in London shall be paid by them into the Bank of England within One Day after the same shall have been so received, or within One Day after any such Bill or Draft shall have been accepted, completed, and perfected, if the same shall not have been accepted, completed, and perfected at the Time it shall have been received; and all Monies, Bills, and Drafts which shall be received by the Bank of England or Bank of Ireland, in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act, shall be placed to such Accounts, to be opened by the said Bank of England and Bank of Ireland respectively, as shall from Time to Time be directed by the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues; and the Drafts or Orders of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, or any Two of theta, shall be sufficient Authority to the said Bank of England and Bank of Ireland respectively to pay and apply and dispose of the said Monies, Bills, and Drafts, to be paid into the said Bank of England or Bank of Ireland, to the Person or Persons or in the Manner in such Drafts or Orders respectively mentioned or specified.

CXIX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, to reserve out of the Monies to arise from the said Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown of England, Wales, and Ireland, hereby placed under their Management, for casual and ordinary Payments, in the Hands of any private Banker, a Sum not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, to be drawn for by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, or any Two or more of them, from Time to Time as Occasion shall require; and if any Time the Sum so reserved shall be reduced below Three thousand Pounds, then it shall be lawful for such Commissioners from Time to Time to make up the same to the Sum of Three thousand Pounds by Drafts upon the Bank of England.

CXX. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues shall make all Payments required to be made out of the Monies to be deposited in the Bank of England or Bank of Ireland by Drafts under the Hands of any Two or more of them on the said respective Banks, and shall specify in such Draft the particular Service, Salary, or other Charge, Purpose, or Cause for which such Draft shall be given; and every such Draft shall also have marked in the Margin

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 50.

303

thereof a Figure corresponding to the Page in a Book kept by the said Commissioners, wherein Entry shall be made of the particular Service, Salary, or other Charge, Purpose, or Cause for which such Draft shall be given.

CXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Drafts drawn pursuant to the Directions of this Act, but not otherwise, shall be sufficient Authority to the Bank of England and Bank of Ireland respectively to pay the Amount thereof to the Persons mentioned in such Drafts, or to the Bearer of them.

CXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland shall and they are hereby authorized and required from Time to Time, when and so often as they shall be required so to do by any Order under the Hand of the Secretary for the Time being to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, to transfer any Sum or Sums of Money from the Account in their Books of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, to the Account of the said Commissioners with the Bank of England.

CXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Balance of Cash, together with all unpaid Bills or Drafts, for which the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues shall from Time to Time have Credit on their Account with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or with the Bank of Ireland, or any private Bankers*-shall from Time to Time and at all Times remain and be vested in the Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, to be applied by them for the Purposes of this Act; and that no Assignment, Transfer, or other Act shall be requisite on the Death, Resignation, or Removal of any Commissioner or Commissioners, or on the Appointment of any new Commissioner or Commissioners for the Purpose of vesting the same in the surviving Commissioner or Commissioners, or the newly, appointed Commissioner or Commissioners, but the same by virtue of this Act shall, on any such Death, Removal, Resignation, or new Appointment, become and be vested in the surviving or remaining Commissioner or Commissioners, or the newly-appointed Commissioner or Commissioners, or if there shall be a new Appointment of the whole Number of Commissioners, then in the new Commissioners, as fully and effectually as if they had been the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues at the Times such Bills, Drafts, and Cash were respectively paid into the Bank of England or Bank of Ireland, or such private Bank.

CXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or knowingly and wilfully act or assist in forging or counterfeiting, the Name or Handwriting of the Lord High Treasurer or of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or of any or either of them, to any Power of Attorney for the Sale or Transfer of any Stock, or the Name or Handwriting of the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, or of any or either of them, to any Draft, Instrument, or Writing whatsoever, for or in order to the

Such Drafts to be an Authority to the Bank.

Bank of Ireland may transfer Money to Bank of England.

On Death or Resignation of Commissioners, Cash in the Bank to vest in Survivors or Successors.

Persons forging Drafts, &c. guilty of Felony.

StH

C. 50.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

receiving or obtaining any of the Money in the Hands or Custody of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England or of the Bank of Ireland, or of any private Banker, on account of the said Commissioners, or shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting, any Draft* Instrument, or Writing in Form of a Draft made by the said Commissioners, or any or either of them, or shall utter or publish any such, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with an Intent to defraud the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England or of the Bank of Ireland, or any private Banker, or any Body Corporate, or any Person or Persons whomsoever, every Person or Persons so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be and is and are hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty of Felony.

Caxnmisaoners

CXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commis-w's Wood^*" s*oners for (be Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and &c! to certify Land Revenues shall and they are hereby required, within Thirty to the King and Days after the Commencement of the Session of Parliament the Parliament which shall be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty, and also within Thirty Days after the Commencement of the First Session of Parliament in every following Year (without any special or other Requisition to be made to them for that Purpose), to certify and report in Writing under their Hands and Seals to the King's most Excellent Majesty and both Houses of Parliament, what Leases, Sales, Exchanges, Purchases, and Grants shall have been made during the Year preceding the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty, and during each subsequent Year comprized in each succeeding Report; and the said Commissioners shall state in such Reports for what Terms or Estates such Leases shall have been made, and also the annual Value of the Tenements or Hereditaments comprized in every such Lease, and the Annual Value of the same Premises by the last preceding Survey thereof, where there shall happen to be a further Survey and Valuation of the same in the Custody or Power of the said Commissioners, and what Rent or Rents shall have been reserved on every such Lease, and what Fines paid for the same, and upon what other Consideration such Leases shall respectively have been made or granted; and also, so far as the same can be done, the Rents and Fines which were reserved and paid upon or for the last preceding Lease of such Tenements or Hereditaments, and also the Manors, Lands, and other Hereditaments which have been sold or given or received in Exchange, or of which any Grant shall have been made during the same Periods respectively, and the Amount of the Purchase Money paid or received for the same respectively, and the Amount of the Money given or received for Equality of Exchange in respect of such Exchanges, and the Names of the Parties to, from, or with whom such Sales, Exchanges, Purchases, and Grants respectively shall have been made, and the Purposes for which such Grants shall have been made; and also a Statement of the Income and Expenditure of the Monies which shall have arisen from the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown to which this Act relates, and of any other Monies placed under the

* hat LeaseB, &c. have been made, &c.

A.D. 1829.

JO0 GEO. IV;

C. 50.

805

Management of the said Commissioners during the Period com prized in each Report; and the said Commissioners shall also set forth all such other Matters and Things touching or concerning the said Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown to which this Act relates as to the said Commissioners shall seem proper and necessary to be contained and set forth in such Reports.

CXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be deemed or con strued to extend to repeal, interfere with, or in any Manner affect any of the Powers and Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirty- ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act concerning the Disposition of certain Real and Personal Property of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and also of the Real and Personal Property of His Majesty and of the Queen Consort for the Time being; or of an Act passed in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, to explain and amend the said last-mentioned Act; or of an Act passed in the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, to explain and amend the said Two last-mentioned Acts; or of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for extending the Provisions of the said last-mentioned Act.

CXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown in Ireland shall be inalienable, except under the Powers and Provisions herein-before contained, and except also that His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, shall have and enjoy the same Powers, with respect to any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in Ireland* whether Freehold or Leasehold, which hath since the passing of the said recited Act of the Seventh and Eighth Year of His present Majesty, or within Two Years prior thereto, or hereafter shall become vested in His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, by Escheat or Forfeiture, or by reason of their having been purchased by or for the Use of or in Trust for any Alien or Aliens, as by the Acts lastly herein-before mentioned are given with respect to Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in England.

CXXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend in anywise to impair or affect any Rights or Powers of Controul, Management, or Direction which have been or may be exercised by Authority of the Crown, or other lawful Warrant, relative to any Leases, Grants, or Assurances of any of the small Branches of His Majesty's Hereditary Revenue, or to any Suits or Proceedings for recovering of the same, or to Compositions made or to be made on account of any of the said small Branches, or to Fines taken or to be taken, or to Rents, Boons, and Services reserved or to be reserved upon such Grants, Leases, and Assurances, or to the Mitigation or Remission of the same, to any other lawful Act, Matter, or Thing which has been or may be done touching the said Branches, but that the said Rights and Powers shall continue to be used, exercised, and enjoyed in as full, free, ample, and effectual Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been made, and as the same had been or might have been enjoyed by His Majesty up to the Time of passing of this Act; subject nevertheless to all such Restrictions and Regulations as are

Act not to repeal or affect the Acta

S9&40 G.3. c. 88.

47 G.3. c. 24.

59 G.3. c. 94.

6 G.4. c. 17.

Power of making Grants of escheated Lands extended to Ireland.

Not to affect the Controul of the small Branches of His Majesty's Revenue.

306

C. 50.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

now in Force in relation thereto, it being the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, that the said Rights and Powers shall not m.any Degree be abridged or restrained or affected in any Manner whatsoever by the passing of this Act.

This Act not CXXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing to interfere with in this Act contained shall extend to repeal, interfere with, or New Street or affect any of the Powers or Provisions of an Act passed in the Charing Cross Fifty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the 53G 3. c 121 TMnIj intituled An Act for making a more convenient Communication from Mary-1 e-bone Park and the Northern Parts of the Metropolis, in the Parish of Saint Mary-1 e-bone, to Charing Cross, within the Liberty of Westminster, and for making a more convenient Sewage for the same; or any of the Powers and Provisions of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Ma-7 G.4. c. 77. jesty, intituled An Act to extend to Charing Cross, the Strand, and Places adjacent, the Powers of an Act for making more convenient Communication from Mary-le-bone Park; and to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues to grant Leases of the Site of Carlton Palace; or any of the Powers and Provisions of a certain other Act passed in the Ninth Year of 9 G. 4. c. 70. His present Majesty, intituled An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for extending to Charing Cross, the Strand, and Places adjacent, the Powers of an Act for making a more convenient Communication from Mary-le-bone Park; and for enabling the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues to grant Leases of the Site of Carlton Palace; and for other Purposes relating thereto; or any of the Powers and Provisions of a certain other Act, intituled An Act to vest in the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, the Powers of several Acts, for the Improvement of the Streets near Westminster Hall and the Houses of Parliament, and to authorize the Conversion of the Pavements in certain Parts of the Metropolis into broken-stone Roads.

Nor with the CXXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing Powers per- herein-before contained shall (notwithstanding the Repeal of the tiring to the said several Acts herein-before mentioned relating ta the Land Council of the Revenue °* t^le Crown) extend to or be construed to repeal, in-Duchy of Lan- terfere with, or affect any of the Powers, Provisions, or Authorities caster. therein respectively contained relating to any Manors, Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments within the Ordering and Survey of the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster, or to any of the Rents and Revenues thereof, or to any Purchases, Sales, or Grants made or to be made by or under the Seals of the said Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster, or either of them; but that all and singular the said several Powers and Provisions, so far as the same relate to or concern the said Duchy and County Palatine, shall remain, continue, and be in full Force, Operation, and Effect, and the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and other Hereditaments of and belonging to the said Duchy shall and may remain and continue to be granted and demised by His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the like Terms, Estates, and Interests, and the Rents and, Revenues thereof to be received and applied, under the Order and

A.D. 1823.

10° GEO. IV. C. 50.

SOT

Direction of the Chancellor and Council and other Officers of the said Duchy, to and for the like Uses and Purposes, and in like Manner and Form, as before the passing of this Act; auy Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Treasury may the said Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Ma- abolish any jesty's Treasury, for the Time being, at any Time to abolish or reduce any Office or Offices connected with the Management of presen^Ma!/6 the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown in Ireland, or nagement of the Collection and Receipt of the annual Income thereof, which Crown Pro-shall appear to him or them to be rendered useless by the Ren perty in Ire- gulations contained in this Act, and on such Abolition or Reduction to discharge the Officer or Officers by whom such Office shall be filled, whether the Appointment of such Officer or Officers shall have been by Letters Patent, Sign Manual, or otherwise; and also, when any Office shall relate to the Management of the said Possessions and Land Revenues, or the Collection and Receipt of the annual Income thereof, and also to other Matters, to discharge any Officer or Officers from the Performance of any Duties connected with the said Management, Collection, or Receipt, without altogether abolishing his or their Office or Offices, whenever such Abolition, Reduction, or Discharge may appear to the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, foF the Time being, to be expedient for the Public Service; any Act or Acts, or any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Treasury may the said Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Mat order Removal jesty's Treasury, for the Time being, to cause any Records or other &c '

Muniments, Documents, Instruments, Maps, Books, or Writings, ndw kept in any of the Offices which may be reduced or abolished under the Authority of this Act, to be removed from any Office or Offices in which the same are now or shall at any Time hereafter be kept or deposited, to any other Office or Place which the said '

Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners shall think proper to appoint for that Purpose.

CXXXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That Not to extend the Provisions herein-before contained shall not extend to any to *£n.ds Estates or Possessions in Ireland which may be seized into the Hands of the Crown on Writs of Outlawry, or other Process be- to Fineson tween Subject and Subject, nor to any Rents usually called Cus«> Writs or Light-todiam Rents reserved on Leases granted under the Exchequer house Duties. Seal of such Estates or Possessions, nor to the Prae Fines or Post Fines or other Fines or Monies payable on Writs of Entry and Writs of Covenant, or on levying Fines or suffering Common Recoveries in Ireland, nor to the Lighthouse Duties payable in Ireland.

CXXXIV. And Whereas it may be hereafter thought advisable No grant or to make some Alterations with respect to the said Custodiam *

Rents, Prae and Post Fines and other Fines in Ireland, and it is pines desirable that in the mean Time no Gift, Grant, or Alienation or other Fines.

thereof should be made, bjr which such Alteration might be impeded or prevented Be it therefore further enacted, That no Gift, Grant, Alienation, Lease, or other Assurances whatsoever,

A.D. 1829.

SOS C. 50. 10° GEO. IV.

shall at any Time or Times hereafter be made by the King's Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Custodiam Rents, or of the said Prae and Post Fines or other Fines or Monies, or of any of them; but that adl such Gifts, Grants, Alienations, Leases, or other Assurances shall be ipso facto void, without any Scire facias, Inquisition, or other Proceeding to determine or make void the same.

String-of

CXXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That

Rights, nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend

to abridge or interfere with any Rights of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or of the* Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or the Chancellor of the Exchequer, for the Time being, or any Grantee of the Crown, in respect of any Appointment usually made by His Majesty, or the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners, or the Chancellor of the Exchequer, or such Grantee, or with the Right of Appointment of Master Keepers, Under Keepers, or other Officers of or in any Royal Forest, so long as such last-mentioned Right shall be vested in any Warder or Ranger of any such Forest, or with any Privileges or Advantages which may be rightfully enjoyed or claimed under any Letters Patent granted by His Majesty or His Predecessors, of any Office, Bailiwick, Walk, or Lodge within any of the Royal Forests to which this Act relates.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Form of Conveyance on Sales by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues.

KNOW all Men by these Presents, That we A.B. and C. D.+ Two of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, on Behalf of His Majesty, and under the Authority of an Act passed [here set forth the Tide of this Act] in Consideration of the Sum of by E.F. of.

Omit the Parts &c. paid [here describe the Mode of Payment, whether into the Bank within the of England, the Bank of Ireland, or to the Commissioners,] do by Brackets if the these Presents grant unto the said E, F. *hd his Heirs, [or, if the does^c^exc^d ^onveyance to u Trustee or Trustees for the Purchaser, '] do by joo^ these Presents, by the Direction and on the Nomination of the said

E. F., grant unto G. H. &c. and his Heirs all that [here describe the Premises to be sold, and any subsisting Leases, Contracts, or Charges affecting the same; and %n the Case of Rents or other incorporeal Hereditaments, also describe the Lands, fyc, which the same are charged upon or extend over,] to have and to hold the said [shortly specifying the Premises sold] hereby granted, and all Benefits and Advantages thereto belonging, unto the said E. F., his Heirs and Assigns for ever [or unto the said G. H., his Heirs and Assigns, as the Case may be; and any Uses to which the Grant is intended to enure, or any Trusts or Purposes upon or for which the Grantees are to hold the Premises, may be declared, either by setting out the same on the Grant, or by Reference to any other Deed or Instrument; and if the Purchase is of a Rent which is meant to be* extinguished> add " to the Intent that the said [here describe the

Rent]

A.D. 1sm 10° GEO. IV. C. 50* 508

Rent] shall cease and be extinguished, and the said [describe shortly the Premises on which the Rent is charged] may be absolutely freed and for ever discharged from the sameor if the Purchase be of a Rent which is not meant to be extinguished, add " and it is hereby declared that the said [here describe the Rent] shall not become extinguished by the Grant thereof hereby made, but shall subsist and continue for the Benefit of the Parties entitled thereto under this Grant" ] In witness whereof we the said A.B. and C.D. have hereunto set our Hand* and Seals, this Day of

in the Year of our Lord

A.B.

C.ZL

Witness to the Execution by ) the said A.B. and C.D. J

Form of Receipt.

RECEIVED, the Day of of and from the

above-named [or if the Receipt is indorsed, the within-named] E. F. the Sum of lawful Money of Great Britain, being

the Consideration Money expressed in the above [or within] written Conveyance.

Witness our Hands, A.B. and C. D.

Form of the Conveyance to His Majesty of any Lands, SfC. agreed to be received in Exchange by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues.

KNOW all Men by these Presents, That I E. F. of in the County of in Consideration of the Conveyance

to me by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, on Behalf of His Majesty, under the Authority of an Act passed [here set forth the Title of this Act], of [here describe the Premises given in Exchange], and also the Sum of paid to me by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods,

Forests, and Land Revenues, on Behalf of His said Majesty, for Equality of Exchange, the Receipt whereof I hereby acknowledge [this is to be omitted if Money is given for Equality of Exchange], do by these Presents grant, bargain, and sell unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, ail that [here describe the Pre mises received in Exchange on the Part of His Majesty, and any subsisting Leases, Contracts, or Charges affecting the same; and in case of Fuel Rights or other incorporeal Hereditaments, also describe the Lands, fyc. c. which the same extend over,] to have and to hold the said [shortly specify the Premises] to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Right of His Crown [here insert any Covenants for Title or other Covenants which may have been required from the Party wish whom the Exchange is made]. In witness whereof I the said E. F. have hereunto set my Hand and Seal, this Day of in the Year of our Lord

E+F,

Witness to the Execution! by the said E. F. J

Form

610

6 G.4. c. 63.

In Informations under recited Act the Names of all the Partners not required to be inserted.

Service of Summons.

C. 50, 51. 10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Form of Lease for Railways, or of Encroachments in the Royal Forests,

THESE are to witness, That in Consideration of the annual Rent hereinafter reserved, the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, for and on Behalf of His Majesty, and in Exercise of the Power given them in this Behalf by an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, and intituled [here set forth the Title of this Act], do by these Presents demise, lease, and to farm let unto X, Y. of, &c. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, all [describe the Parcels of Land, to have and to hold the said [Parcels] hereby demised, and all Benefit and Advantage thereto belonging, unto him the said X Y, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for and during the Term of Years from

the Day of last [or, from the Day of the

Date of these Presents,] or during the natural Lives of [naming them], and the Lives and Life of the Survivors and Survivor of them, yielding and paying for the same, by half-yearly Payments on the Day of and the Day

of in each Year, to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the annual Rent or Sum of the First

half-yearly Payment of the said annual Rent to be made on the Day of next. In witness whereof A.B.

and C.D., Two of the said Commissioners, have hereunto set their Hands and Seals, this Day of

in the Year, &c.

Witness

CAP. LI.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Employment of Children in Cotton Mills and Factories.

[19th June 1829.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to x make further Provisions for the Regulation of Cotton Mills and Factories, and for the better Preservation of the Health of young

Persons employed therein: And Whereas the Provisions of the said Act have been defeated and set aside for Want of Form Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thiB present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall not be deemed necessary in any Information, Summons, or Warrant issued in pursuance of the said recited Act, to set forth the Name or other Designation of each and every the Partners in any Cotton Mill or Factory, but that it shall be lawful to insert in such Information, Summons, or Warrant, the Name of the ostensible Proprietor or Title of the Firm by which the Proprietor or Proprietors of any such Mill or Factory are usually designated and known.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Service of such Summons or Warrant on any principal Manager, Conductor, or Clerk

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 51, 52, 53.

of any Cotton Mill or Factory, during the usual Hours of working such Cotton Mill or Factory, shall be good and lawful Service.

[Not to be quashed

III. And be it further enacted, That no Information filed, nor any Summons or Warrant served, as directed by the said recited ed for Inform-Act, or by this Act, shall be quashed for Informality or Want of aIitr-Form *

[See post, Cap. 63.]

CAP. LII.

An Act to extend the Powers of an Act of the Fourth Year of His Present Majesty, for enlarging the Powers of Justices in determining Complaints between Masters and Servants, to Persons engaged in the Manufacture of Silk.

[19th June 1829.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fourth Year of the reign of His present Majesty,

[4 G.4. c. 34.]

intituled An Act to enlarge the Power of Justices in determining Complaints between Masters and Sew ants, and between Masters, Apprentices, Artificers, and others: And Whereas it is expedient to extend the Operation of the said Act; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the Pro- Recited Act ex-vsions of the said Act shall be extended to all Persons engaged, tended to ail whether as Masters, Servants, Apprentices, or otherwise, in the Person? e"-everal Manufactures, Trades, and Occupations mentioned in an Manufactures ict passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His late Ma^« mentioned in esty King George the Third, intituled An Act for amending and 17 G.S. c. 5G. endering more effectual the several Lam now in being for the more ffectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton,

Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk Manufactures, ind also for making Provisions to prevent Frauds by Journeymen Dyers, in the same Manner as if such Persons had been specially mentioned therein.

CAP. LIII.

An Act to regulate the Duties, Salaries, and Emoluments of the Officers, Clerks, and Ministers of certain Ecclesiastical Courts in England.

[19th June 1829.]

WHEREAS the Commissioners authorized and appointed by several Commissions and Warrants, as well from His late Majesty King George the Third, as from His present Majesty, to make a diligent Examination of the Duties, Salaries, and Emoluments of the several Officers, Clerks, and Ministers of Justice of and within all Ecclesiastical Courts (amongst other Courts) in England, and to enquire what Regulations might be fit to be established respecting such Duties, Salaries, and Emoluments,

have, in pursuance of the said several Commissions and Warrants, made Two several Reports to His present Majesty; one dated the Sixteenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred

and twenty-three, as to the Duties, Salaries, and Emoluments of

sit

C. 53.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Tables of Fee* to be established and enrolled in the Books of the Courts *

The Fees in such Tables to be the only lawful Fees.

Power to make Alterations or Additions in such Tables.

the Officers, Clerks, and Ministers of Justice of the Court of Arches, Prerogative Court, and Court of Peculiars of the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury respectively; and the other dated the Fourth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, as to the Duties, Salaries, and Emoluments of tie Officers, Clerks, and Ministers of Justice of the Consistory Court and Commissary Court of the Lord Bishop of London respectively: And Whereas the said Commissioners have in their said several Reports recommended the Regulation of th« Duties, Salaries, and Emoluments of the Officers, Clerks, and Ministers of Justice of the said several Courts respectively, and iiis expedient that such Recommendation of the said Commissioners should be carried into Effect, and that some Provision should be made for the permanent Regulation of the said Duties, Salaries, and Emoluments; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consmt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Official Principal of the sad Court of Arches, together with the Chancellor of the Diocese of London and the Commissary of the Diocese of Canterbury, or together with either of them, and they are hereby required, to take into Consideration the said Reports and Recommendations of the said Commissioners, and to establish and ordain Tables of Fees to V thereafter taken by the several Officers, Clerks, and Ministers if the said several Courts respectively, such Tables respectively contain the Fees recommended by the said Commissioners in the said Reports to be taken by the several Officers, Clerks, an Ministers of the said several Courts respectively, and no othe Fees or Emoluments whatsoever; which Tables of Fees, when s established and ordained, shall be entered or enrolled in the Public Books or Records of the Courts to which they respectively relate in such Manner as the Persons establishing the same shall think fit.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Fees so established and ordained shall, from and after the Establishment and ordaining thereof, and the Entry or Enrolment of such Tables as aforesaid, and after Notice thereof given to the Officers, Clerks, and Ministers respectively whom they may concern, in such Manner as the Persons establishing the said Tables shall direct, be the lawful Fees of such Officers, Clerks, and Ministers respectively, and that none other (except such as may be altered or ordained as hereinafter provided) shall be demanded, received, or taken by such Officers, Clerks, and Ministers respectively, under any Colour or Pretence whatsoever.

III. And Whereas some Alteration in such Tables of Fees, after the same shall have been so entered and enrolled as aforesaid, may from Time to Time become expedient and necessary Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Persons for the Time being by whom such Tables of Fees shall be established as aforesaid from Time to Time to alter such Tables of Fees, and also to establish and ordain other reasonable, new, or additional Fees to be demanded, received, and taken by such Officers, Clerks, and Ministers respectively, and to cause such altered, new, or additional Fees to be entered or enrolled in the

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 53.

Public Books or Records of the Courts to which they respectively relate; and which altered, new, or additional Fees, when so entered or enrolled, shall be the lawful Fees of such Officers, Clerks, and Ministers: Provided always, that before such altered, new, or additional Fees shall be entered or enrolled in the Public Books or Records of the Courts to which they respectively relate, and before the same shall be demanded, taken, or received by the said Officers, Clerks, and Ministers respectively, the same shall be approved by the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury and the Lord Bishop of London respectively, as the same may relate to their respective Courts, and, if approved by them, shall be submitted to the Consideration of His Majesty's Privy Council, who may disallow the same or any Part thereof; and Notice shall be given in the London Gazette of such Submission to the Privy Council; and if, within the Space of Three Calendar Months from the Time of giving such Notice, the same shall not be disallowed by the Privy Council, such altered, new, or additional Fees, or such Part thereof as shall not be disallowed, shall, from and after the Expiration of the said Three Calendar Months, be deemed and taken to be lawful Fees, and shall be entered or enrolled as such in the Public Books or Records of the Courts to which they respectively relate, and added to the respective Tables of Fees accordingly.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several Tables of Fees so ordained and established as aforesaid, together with any subsequent Alterations that may from Time to Time be made therein as aforesaid, shall be respectively kept hung up in some conspicuous Part of the Office or Place of Business to which they relate; and that Extracts from such Tables shall be hung up in some conspicuous Part of the Office or Place of Business of each Officer, Clerk, or Minister of the said several Courts respectively, containing such Parts thereof as shall concern such Officer, Clerk, or Minister. '

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to any Charges or Fees made or received by any Proctor of the same Courts, or of any of them, in respect of Business done by such Proctor in his Character and Profession of Proctor only, and not as such Officer, Clerk, or Minister as aforesaid.

VI. And Whereas various important Duties are required to be performed by the Deputy Registrars and Clerks of Seats in the Office of the Prerogative Court, and by the other Officers, Clerks, and Ministers employed in the Registry and in other Offices of the several before-mentioned Courts, the due Performance of which it is expedient to regulate and enforce, and to provide for the du£ Qualification of the Persons appointed to such c Offices Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Persons for the Time being respectively hereinbefore authorized to establish Fees, and they are hereby required, forthwith to enquire into the Performance of such Duties, and from Time to Time to make such -Regulations respecting the same, and the Performance thereof by the several Officers, Clerks, and Ministers aforesaid, as. to them shall seem expedient; which Regula-

- tions, having been approved and confirmed by the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, when they relate to the said Court of Arches, Prerogative Court, and Court of Peculiars, or either of them, and

313

Alterations or Additions to be approved previous to their Enrolment.

Tables of Fees to be hung up in the Offices to which they relate.

Not to extend to Fees of Proctors.

Power to make Regulations for due Performance of Duties.

824

C. 83.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Appointment of Deputy Registrars, &c.

As to the Appointment of Clerks of Seats.

Additional Court Day may be appointed, and Orders made for expediting Causes.

having been approved and confirmed by the Lord Bishop of London, when they relate to the said Consistory Court and Commissary Court, or either of them, shall be entered or enrolled in the Public Books or Records of the Courts to which they shall relate respectively, and shall from the Time of such Entry or Enrolment be m full Force with respect to such Officers, Clerks, and Ministers respectively, and binding upon them and each of them.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act no Person shall be appointed to the Office of Deputy Registrar, Entering Clerk, Record Keeper, Clerk of the Seats, or Examiner in any of the said several Courts respectively, unless the Appointment of such Person to such Office shall be previously approved by the Judges for the Time being of the said several Courts respectively, and confirmed by the Archbishop of Canterbury or Bishop of London, as such Appointment may relate to the respective Courts of such Archbishop or Bishop, such Approbation and Confirmation to be signified in Writing, and to be registered.

VIII. And be it enacted, That no Person shall be hereafter appointed Clerk of a Seat in the Office of the said Prerogative Court unless he be a Notary Public, and have duly served a Clerkship of Seven Years to a Proctor practising as such in One of the said Courts; and such Clerk of a Seat shall execute his Duties in Person, except when prevented by reasonable Cause; and when so prevented, he shall procure the Assistance of some other Notary Public, to be approved by the Judge: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or apply to any Clerk of a Seat in the Office of the Prerogative Court, duly appointed thereto before or at the Time of passing this Act.

IX. And Whereas Delay in the Progress of Causes in the said several Courts, and in the High Court of Delegates, is occasioned by some of the present Rules of Practice, and particular!y by Rules respecting Causes proceeding in pcenam contumacies, where the Parties cited do not appear Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Judges for the Time being -of the said Court of Arches, Prerogative Court, Court of Peculiars, Consistory Court, and Commissary Court respectively, from Time to Time to appoint new and additional Court Days for the Transaction of Business in their several Courts respectively; which new and additional Court Days shall, from and after the Appointment thereof as aforesaid, be regular Court Days for the Transaction of Business, to all Intents and Purposes; and to make Orders of Court for expediting and regulating the Proceedings in their several Courts, and to cause the said Orders to be entered or enrolled in the Public Books or Records of the several Courts to which they respectively relate, and which, when so entered, shall, until altered or revoked by the same Authority, be observed by such Courts respectively; and all such Orders for the expediting or regulating the Proceedings in any Causes, as far as the same are applicable to Cases of Appeal, shall be submitted to the Consideration of the Lord High Chancellor or Keeper of the Great Seal for the Time being, who may direct the same and any further

Order or Orders to be observed as Rules of Practice by the said High Court of Delegates in all Causes to which such Rules and

A.D. 182$. Id* GEO. IV. C. 58, si.

Orders respectively may relate or be applicable; and which Orders, when approved by the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper for the Time being, shall be entered as Rules of Practice in the Register Books of the said Court of Delegates, and be observed as such by the same Court accordingly, until altered'or revoked by competent Authority.

X. And Whereas great and unnecessary Inconvenience and Delay are occasioned by the numerous Holidays now kept in the

Office of the said Prerogative Court; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act no Holidays shall be kept in the Office of the said Prerogative Court except such as are observed as Holidays at His Majesty's Head Office of Stamps in London.

XI. And Whereas great Inconvenience. arises from the said

Court of Peculiars being held in the Vestry Room of Boto Church; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the said Court of Peculiars shall and may be held in the Common Hall or Place of Judicature in Doctors Commons; and that all Process from and out of the said Court of Peculiars shall be returnable at such Place in Doctors Commons; and all the Business of the said Court of Peculiars shall be done and transacted in the said Place as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same had been done and transacted in the said Vestry Room of Boxo Church; any Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And Whereas great Inconvenience arises from the ceasing of the Functions of the Judges and other Officers, and the Suspension of Business in the several Courts of the Lord Arch-

bishop of Canterbury and of the Bishop of London respectively, r upon any Vacancy of their respective Sees; Be it therefore enacted, That upon any Vacancy of the respective Sees of Canterbury and London, after the passing of this Act, the Judges and Officers for the Time being of the several Courts of the said Lord Archbishop of Canterbury and Bishop of London respectively shall during such Vacancy, and until the issuing of new Commissions in that Behalf, respectively continue to hold their respective Offices; and all Business in the several Offices of such Courts respectively shall be transacted and carried on during such Vacancy, and shall be as valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if no such Vacancy had occurred.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death of any of the Judges of the said several Courts, the Surrogates and other Officers of the said several Courts appointed by such Judges respectively shall continue to exercise their respective Offices until a new Appointment shall be made by the Persons having competent Authority so to do.

Cap. liv.

An Act for directing Reports to be made respecting Gaols in Scotland.

[19th June 1829.]

WHEREAS the Gaols in Scotland are in general insecure and incommodious, and it is necessary that sufficient Gaols should be there erected and maintained: And Whereas it is expedient

Ho?*dayn,

Court of Peculiars may be held in Doctors Commons.

Officers shall continue and Business be transacted in the said Courts during the Vacancy of the Sees of Canterbury or London.

Upon Death of Judges, the Surrogates, &c. to continue until new Appointments.

C. 54.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

310

Magistrates of Royal Burghs to report the State of the Gaols before 15th November next.

that satisfactory Information should be obtained from the Magistrates of Royal Burghs, and from the Justices of Peace in Scotland, in regard to the best Mode of improving the same; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Magistrates of every Royal Burgh of Scotland shall respectively prepare and transmit to One of His Majesty's Secretaries of State, on or before the Fifteenth Day of November next after the passing of this Act, a Report, setting forth the present State of the Gaol of which they respectively have Charge, m point of Accommodation, Security, and Repair $ and in particular to say,

First: What Number of Apartments such Gaol consists of; how they are respectively heated and ventilated; and what is the Length, Breadth, and Height of each; distinguishing those Apartments generally used for Prisoners confined on Criminal Warrants from those under other Warrants, and distinguishing the Apartments used for Males from those used for Females; also, showinghow far each of such Apartments is sufficiently secure. Second: The Number of Prisoners committed in the Course of the Two immediately preceding Years respectively; specifying the Number of Persons committed for Payment of Penalties under Revenue Statutes; and distinguishing Debtors from those | committed on other Warrants, and Males from Females.

Third: The greatest Number of Prisoners confined at any One Time in each of the said Years respectively; distinguishing Debtors from those committed on other Warrants, and the Monthly Average Number of such Prisoners respectively during the said Periods.

Fourth: What Classification of Prisoners the Gaol admits of; whether Debtors have at any Time been confined or made to communicate with Prisoners under Criminal Warrants; and whether Prisoners, prior to Conviction, have been confined in the same Apartment, or have been allowed to communicate with those who have been convicted.

Fifth: Whether any Airing Grounds are attached to the Gaol, and what may be the Extent thereof; what Provision is made, and Accommodation set apart, for Prisoners when sick, and what for Prisoners under Sentence of Death.

Sixth; The Number of Persons employed as Keepers and Under Keepers; the Salaries and Emoluments received by each; and whether they or any of them have aDv other Employment; whether they reside within the Gaol, or continue there during the Night.

Seventh: The Period when such Gaol was erected, and when it last received any material Addition, and of what Description and Extent such Addition was.

Eighth; By whom, at whose Expence, and whether by any and what Act of Parliament, such Gaol was erected or enlarged, and by Whom it is maintained.

Ninth: Whether such Gaol is sufficient for its proper Purposes, in point of Size, Accommodation, Security, and Repair; and if insufficient, in which of such Respects.

10° GEO. IV. C. 54?#

817

Tenth: If such Gaol be insufficient in any of the said Respects, how far it may appear that it requires to be rebuilt, or to be enlarged, and to what Extent; and how far the present Site admits of such rebuilding or Enlargement, including Airing Ground. Eleventh: Any additional Observations which may be deemed important.

Provided also, that the said Report shall set forth the Measures which may be considered the most proper to be adopted for remedying the Defects which may be so found to exist, and for establishing suitable Gaol Accommodation in the County within which such Burgh may be situated, together with the Mode in which the Expence attending the same ought reasonably to be defrayed, and if by more Parties than One, in what Proportion such Parties ought respectively to contribute.

II. And be it enacted, That a Meeting of the Justices of the Peace of every County of Scotland shall be held in the Head Burgh thereof on the Twenty-eighth Day of August next after the passing of this Act, or where there is no Head Burgh in any such County, at the Place where the Michaelmas Head Court of Freeholders usually meets, for the Purpose of taking into Consideration the State of the several Gaols situated in each County respectively.

III. And be it enacted, That no Person shall be entitled to have a Voice or Vote in this or any other Meeting of Justices of the Peace of every County, to be held under this Act, who shall not at the Time be possessed of the Dominium utile of Lands situated in such County valued at not less than One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, excepting only the Sheriff Depute of the County, and in his Absence the Principal Sheriff Substitute thereof; any of whom, if County Justices, shall be entitled to act as Justices of the Peace under this Act, although they may not be possessed of the said Qualification: Provided always, that in the County of Sutherland any Justice of the Peace who shall be a proper Wadsetter of Lanas in the said County valued at not less than One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent shall be entitled to act as a Justice under this Act.

IV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices at the said Meeting, and they are hereby required, to appoint a Committee or Committees of their Number to inspect the said Gaols, and to report to an adjourned Meeting of the said Justices, to be held at such Time and Place as the said Justices may then fix upon, in regard to the present State of such Gaols in point of Accommodation, Security, and Repair, as to all and each of the several Particulars in respect to which the Magistrates of Royal Burghs are by the Provisions of this Act as aforesaid required to report.

V. And be it enacted, That the Keepers of Gaols shall give free Access thereto to the Members of such Committees, and shall exhibit to them all Records and other Documents relative to such Gaols, and otherwise afford to them every Information touching the same in their Power.

VI. And be it enacted, That the said Committees shall and they are hereby required forthwith to prepare a Report setting forth the Result of such Enquiry, and to present the same to such

adjourned

Meetings of Justices to take State of Gaols into Consideration.

What Persons: shall have Voice at such Meetings.

Committees may be appoint ed at such Meetings to inspect Gaols;

who shall have free Access thereto.

Committees to report to adjourned Meetings of Justices,

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

SIS

who shall take the same into Consideration.

Reports to be transmitted to Secretary of State and to His Majesty's Advocate for Scotland.

Contents of Reports to the Secretary of State.

Joint Reports may be made by Burghs and Counties.

6 G. 4. c. 94.

G 54} 55.

adjourned Meeting of the said* Justices, who are hereby required to take the sartie into Consideration, and either then or at a subsequent adjourned Meeting to prepare a General Report, comprehending the Particulars so reported from their Committees, and setting forth the Measures most proper to be adopted for remedying the Defects which may be found to exist in such Gaols, and for establishing suitable Gaol Accommodation in the County, together with the Mode in which it shall appear to such Justices that the Expence attending the same ought reasonably to be defrayed, and if by more Parties than One, in what Proportions such Parties ought respectively to contribute *

VII. And be it enacted, That the said Justices shall and they are hereby required to transmit such Report to One of His Majesty's Secretaries of State on or before the Fifteenth Day of November next after the passing of this Act, and shall cause a Copy thereof to be transmitted to His Majesty's Advocate for Scotland; and the Magistrates of Royal Burghs shall in like Manner cause a Copy of the Reports to be furnished by them as aforesaid to be transmitted to His Majesty's Advocate for Scotland.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the said Reports, so to be transmitted to the Secretary of State, shall also set forth the Mode in which Aliment is in use to be provided for Prisoners in such Gaols, distinguishing Civil Debtors from such Persons as are confined under Revenue Statutes, and Prisoners under Criminal Warrants before Conviction from those subsequent to Conviction; and the said Report shall also set forth any Changes in regard to the Mode of providing such Aliment which may have taken Place, specifying at what Date such Change took Place, and what may have been the Nature of the same, and further, in what Way and at whose Expence it shall appear reasonable to the said Magistrates of Burghs and Justices of the Peace respectively that such Aliment should in future be provided, and if by more Parties than One, in what Proportions such Parties ought respectively to contribute.

IX. And be it enacted, That it shall be held and taken to be a sufficient Compliance with the Provisions of this Act, that a Report.in Terms thereof be furnished by the Magistrates of the Burghs and the Justices of the Peace for any County jointly, where these Parties may mutually agree as to the Tenour of the same.

CAP. LV.

An Act for the more effectual Recovery of Small Debts, and for diminishing the Expences of Litigation in Causes of small Amount, in the Sheriff Courts in Scotland.

[19th June 1829.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the more easy Recovery of Small Debts in the Sheriff Courts in Scotland, the Provisions of which have been found beneficial; but Experience has pointed out certain Alterations by which its Benefits will be extended and rendered more effectual, and it is expedient that such Alterations and the former Provisions should be consolidated in One Act:* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it

10° GEO. IV. C. 55v

319

may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act shall be and the same is hereby repealed from and after the First Day of September next, save and except as to such Causes as shall have been commenced under the Authority of the said recited Act before the said First Day of September next, and shall be then depending; all which Causes shall be carried to a Conclusion, according to the Rules prescribed by the said Act, notwithstanding this Act.

II. And be it enacted, That from and after the First Day of September next, it shall be lawful for any Sheriff in Scotland, within his County, to hear, try, and determine in a summary Way, as more particularly hereinafter mentioned, all Civil Causes, and all Prosecutions for statutory Penalties, that may be competently brought before him, wherein the Debt, Demand, or Penalty concluded for shall not exceed the Value of One hundred Pounds Scots, exclusive of Expences and Fees of Extract: Provided always, that the Pursuer or Prosecutor shall in all Cases be held to have passed from and abandoned any remaining Portion of any Debt, Demand, or Penalty beyond the Sum actually concluded for in any such Cause or Prosecution.

III. And be it enacted, That all such Causes and Prosecutions, which the Pursuers or Prosecutors thereof shall choose to have heard and determined according to the summary Mode hereby provided, shall proceed, except as hereinafter provided in regard I to Forthcomings, upon Summons or Complaint, agreeably to the Form in Schedule (A.) subjoined to this Act, stating shortly the Origin of Debt or Ground of Action, and concluding against the Defender; which Summons or Complaint, being signed by the Sheriff Clerk, shall be a sufficient Warrant and Authority to any Sheriffs Officer for summoning the Defender to appear and answer at the next Sheriff Court after the Date of the Citation, not being sooner than upon the Sixth Day after such Citation, and also for i summoning such Witnesses and Havers as either Party shall require; and a Copy of the said Summons or Complaint, with the Citation annexed, and also a Copy of the Account, if any, shall be. i served at the same Time by the Sheriff's Officer on the Defender personally, or at his Dwelling Place; in which last Case, if the Defender shall not appear, he shall be cited a Second Time personally, or at his Dwelling Place, upon the Words de novo being I either subjoined to the original Summons, and signed by the Sheriff Clerk, or written in the Procedure Book kept by the Clerk, and signed by the Sheriff, to appear at the next Court after the Date of the said Citation, not being sooner than the Sixth Day after such Citation; and if the Defender has been cited for the

first Time to a Diet of Court not sooner than Twelve free Days i from the Date of the Citation, it shall be lawful for the Sheriff's \ Officer, in case the Defender shall not have been personally found at the First Citation, to cite him a Second Time, either personally i or at his Dwelling Place, to the same Diet of Court, on the Autho-

i rity of the original Warrant, and without previously returning an Execution of the First Citation, provided that such Second Citation

Recited Act repealed, after 1st Sept, next, except as to Causes then commenced.

Sheriffs may > hear and determine Causes for Sums under 1001. Scots in a summary Way.

Providing Forms of Proceedings.

C. 55.

]0° GEO. IV. A.D. 182S,

Arrestment of Goods of Defender.

N

For providing how Arrestments may be loosed.

lion shall not be given sooner than upon the Sixth Day after the Date of the First Citation, nor later than upon the Sixth Day before the Diet of Court to which the Defender is so cited for the Second Time; and the Officer summoning Parties, Witnesses, or Havers, shall in all Cases under this Act return an Execution of Citation signed by him, or shall appear and give Evidence od Oath of such Citation having been duly made; and all such Citations given by an Officer alone without Witnesses, and Executions thereof subscribed by such Officer, shall be good and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Pursuer of any Civil Cause may obtain a Warrant, signed by the Sheriff Clerk of the County within which the Defender resides, agreeably to the Form in Schedule (B.) subjoined to this Act, for Arrestment, on the Dependence of the Action, of any Money, Goods, or Effects to an Amount or Extent not exceeding the Value of One hundred Pounds Scols, owing or belonging to such Defender, in the Hands of any Third Party, and may at any Time before Decree is pronounced in the Cause, provided such Time does not exceed Sixty Days from the Date of Such Warrant, use Arrestment thereon against such Money, Goods, and Effects owing or belonging to such Defender, either within the County in which such Warrant shall have been issued, or in any other County or Counties: Provided always, that before using such Warrant in any other County, it shall be presented to and indorsed by the Sheriff Clerk of such other County, who is hereby required to make such Indorsement on Payment of the Fee hereinafter mentioned; and provided also, that any Arrestment laid on under the Authority of this Act shall, on the Expiry of Three Months from the Date thereof, cease and determine without the Necessity of a Decree or Warrant of loosing the same, unless such Arrestment shall be renewed by a Special Warrant or Order, duly intimated to the Arrestee, in which Case it shall subsist and be m Force for the like Time and under the like Conditions as under the original Warrant, or unless an Action of Forthcoming, in Manner hereinafter provided, shall have been raised before the Expiry of the said Period of Three Months, in which Case the Arrestment shall subsist and be in Force until the Termination of such Action of Forthcoming.

V. And be it enacted, That when any Arrestment shall have been used on the Dependence of any Action, it shall be competent to the Defender to have such Arrestment loosed, on lodging with the Sheriff Clerk of the County in which such Arrestment shall have been used a Bond or Enactment of Caution, by One or more good and sufficient Cautioners, to the Satisfaction of such Sheriff Clerk, agreeably to the Form in Schedule (B.) subjoined to this Act, or on consigning in the Hands of such Sheriff Clerk the Amount of the Debt or Demand, and a reasonable Sum for Expences, or on producing to such Sheriff Clerk Evidence of the Defender having obtained Decree of Absolvitor in the Action, or of his having paid the Sums decerned for, or of his having consigned in the Hands of the Clerk of the Court in which the Action depended the Sums decerned for, or the Amount of the Debt or Demand, and a reasonable Sum for Expences, when no Decree has yet been pronounced; and a Certificate by the Sheriff Clerk of

.10° GEO. IV.

321

C. 55.

the Cotmty in which such Arrestment shall have been used, of a Bond or Enactment of Caution to the Extent of the Debt or Demand, and Expences, having been lodged with him, or of Consignation as above provided having been made in his Hands, shall be a sufficient Authority for obtaining a Warrant for loosing any other Arrestment used on the Dependence of the same Action, without any other Caution being found, or any other Consignation being made by the Defender.

VI. And be it enacted, That any Person entitled to pursue an Action of Forthcoming, where the Sum or Demand shall not exceed the Value of One hundred Pounds Scots, exclusive of Expences and Fees of Extract, who shall choose to have the same heard and determined according to the summary Mode provided by this Act, shall proceed by Summons or Complaint agreeably to the Form in Schedule (C.) subjoined to this Act, concluding.for Payment of the Sum for which Arrestment has been used, or for Delivery of the Goods and Effects arrested; which Summons or Complaint, being- signed by the Sheriff Clerk of the County in which the Arrestee resides, shall be a sufficient Warrant and

I Authority to any Sheriff s Officer for summoning the Arrestee and the Common Debtor to appear and answer at a Sheriff Court of: the County in which the Arrestee resides, the same not being

sooner than the Sixth Day after the Date of Citation, and also for

summoning Witnesses and Havers for all Parties; and in the Event of the Common Debtor not residing and not being found within the County in which such Action of Forthcoming shall be brought, he may be cited in any other County on the said Warrant, the same being first presented to and indorsed by the Sheriff Clerk of such other County, who is hereby required to indorse the same on Payment of the Fee hereinafter mentioned, to appear at a Sheriff Court in the County in which the Arrestee resides, the same not being sooner in such Case than on the Twelfth Day after the Date of Citation: Provided always, that the Arrestee and the Common Debtor shall be cited to appear on the same | Court Day, and that a Copy of the said Summons or Complaint, with the Citation annexed thereto, shall be served by the Sheriff's Officer on every Defender personally, or at his Dwelling Place, all in the same Manner and under the like Conditions as to Citation as hereinbefore provided in other Causes and Prosecutions under Authority of this Act, but always allowing to a Party cited to appear in the Sheriff Court of a different County from that in which the Citation shall be given double the Time required by this Act to be allowed to a Party cited to appear in the Sheriff Court of the County within which the Citation shall be given.

VII. And be it enacted, That every Officer of Court to whom any Warrant as aforesaid for citing Witnesses and Havers shall be entrusted, shall cite such Witnesses or Havers as any Party shall require; and all such Warrants shall have the same Force and Effect in any other County as in the County where they are ori-

a issued, the same being first presented to and indorsed by eriff Clerk of such other County, who is hereby required to indorse the same, on Payment of the Fee hereinafter mentioned; and if any Witness or Haver, duly cited, shall fail to appear, it shall be competent to any Party for whom such Witness or Haver 10 Geo. IV. Y 'is

Rendering Arrestments effectual.

Compelling Attendance of Witnesses.

C. 55.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

S22

Hearing and Judgment.

Arrestment.

Procurators, &c. not to appear or plead, nor Pleadings, &c. entered, without Leave of Court.

Parties not appearing, or making sufficient Excuse, to be held confessed.

» summoned, to apply for a new Warrant to compel his Attendance at the next Court, or any subsequent Court to which the Case may be adjourned; which Warrant shall require him to attend to give Evidence, under a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings, unless a reasonable Excuse be offered and sustained; and every such Penalty shall be paid to the Party applying for the new Warrant as aforesaid, and shall be recovered in the same Manner as other Penalties under this Act, without Prejudice always to Letters of Second Diligence, for compelling Witnesses and Havers to attend as at present competent; and it shall be no Objection to any Witness that such Witness has appeared without Citation, or without having been regularly cited.

VIII. And be it enacted, That when the Parties shall appear the Sheriff shall hear them viva voce, and examine Witnesses or Havers upon Oath, and may also examine the Parties, and may put them or any of them upon Oath, and may pronounce Judgment; and the Decree stating the Amount of the Expences, if any, found due to any Party, (which may include personal Charges, if the Sheriff think fit,) and containing Warrant for Arrestment, and for Poinding and Imprisonment, shall be annexed to the Summons or Complaint, and on the same Paper with it, agreeably to the Form in Schedule (A.) subjoined to this Act; which Decree and Warrant, being signed by the Clerk, shall be a sufficient Authority for instant Arrestment, and also for Poinding and Sale, and Imprisonment, Six free Days from the Date of the Decree, if the Party against whom it shall have been given was personally present when it was pronounced, but if he was not so present, Poinding and Sale, and Imprisonment, shall only proceed after a Charge of Six free Days, by serving a Copy of the Complaint and Decree on the Party personally or at his Dwelling Place; and if any Decree shall not be enforced by Poinding or Imprisonment within a Year from the Date thereof, or from a Charge for Payment given thereon, such Decree shall not be enforced without a new Charge duly given as aforesaid.

IX. And be it enacted, That no Procurators, Solicitors, nor any Persons practising the Law, shall be allowed to appear or plead for any Party without Leave of the Court; nor shall any of the Pleadings, Arguments, Minutes, or Evidence be reduced to Writing, or be entered upon any Record, unless with Leave of the Court first had and obtained, in consequence of any Difficulty in Point of Law, or special Circumstances of any particular Case: Provided always, that when the Sheriff shall order any Pleadings Arguments, Minutes, or Evidence to be reduced to Writing, every Case in which such Order shall be made shall thenceforth be conducted according to the ordinary Forms and Proceedings in Civil Causes and in Prosecutions for statutory Penalties, and shall be disposed of in all Respects as if this Act had not been passed.

X. And be it enacted, That any Defender who has been duly cited personally, or by Two Citations at his Dwelling Place, failing to appear personally or by One of his Family, or by such Person as the Sheriff shall allow, shall be held confessed, and the other Party shall obtain Decree against him; and in like Manner, if the Pursuer or Prosecutor shall fail to appear personally, the Defender shall obtain Decree of Absolvitor, unless in either Case

10° GEO. IV. C. 55.

523

a sufficient Excuse for Delay shall be stated; on which Account, or on account of the Absence of Witnesses, or any other good Reason, it shall at all Times be competent for the Sheriff to adjourn any Case to the next or any other Court Day, and to ordain the Parties and Witnesses then to attend.

XI. And be it enacted, That where a Decree has been pro-| nounced in Absence of a Defender, it shall be competent for him,

1 upon consigning the Sum decerned for in the Hands of the Clerk at any Time before the Days of the Charge shall elapse, to obtain from the Clerk a Warrant, signed by him, sisting Execution till the next Court Day, or to any subsequent Court Day to which the

same may be adjourned, and containing Authority for citing the other Party, and Witnesses and Havers for both Parties; and the f Clerk shall be bound to certify to the Sheriff on the next Court Day every such Application for Rehearing and Sist granted; and f such Warrant being duly served upon the other Party personally,

I or by Two Citations at his Dwelling Place, in the Manner pro-) vided in other Cases by this Act, shall be an Authority for re-J hearing the Cause; and in like Manner, where Absolvitor has passed in Absence of the Pursuer or Prosecutor, it shall be competent for him, at any Time within One Calendar Month there-; after, upon consigning in the Hands of the Clerk the Sum awarded i by the Sheriff in his Decree of Absolvitor as the Expences for i the Defender and his Witnesses, to obtain a Warrant, signed by i the Clerk, for citing the Defender and Witnesses for both Parties; i which Warrant, being duly served upon the Defender personally, i or by Two Citations at his Dwelling Place, in the Manner provided in other Cases by this Act, shall be an Authority for rehearing the Cause, as hereby provided in the Case of a Rehearing at the In-i stance of the Defender; the said Sum of Expences, awarded by i the Sheriff and consigned as aforesaid, being in every Case paid i over to the Defender, unless the contrary shall be specially ordered i by the Court; and all such Warrants for Rehearing shall be in Force, and may be served by an Officer of the County where they are issued, in any other County, without Indorsation, or other i Authority than this Act.

XII. And be it enacted, That the Sheriff Clerk shall keep a Books of Book, wherein shall be entered all Causes conducted under the Causes, &c. to Authority of this Act, setting forth the Names and Designations kePt#

of the Parties, and whether present or absent at the Calling of the Cause, the Nature and Amount of the Claim, and Date of giving it in, the Mode of Citation, the several Deliverances or Interlocutors, and the final Decree, with the Date thereof; which Book shall be signed each Court Day by the Sheriff, and the said Entries by the Clerk shall be according to the Form in Schedule (D.) subjoined to this Act, or with such Addition as the Sheriff shall appoint; and the Sheriff Clerk shall also keep a Book or Books, containing a Register or Registers of all Indorsations of Decrees and Warrants issued in other Counties, and of all Warrants for Arrestment on the Dependence, and of all Loosings of Arrestment, and of all Reports of Poindings, and Sales of Goods and Effects arrested; which Registers shall be open and patent at Office Hours, to all concerned, on Payment of the Fee hereinafter mentioned. '

Rehearing, in Cases of Decree in Absence.

S2+

C. 55.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 18£9.

Power to direct Payment by Instalments.

Decrees may be enforced in any other County.

Appraisement and Sale of Effects.

Actions for Damages by Riot under 3 G, 4. c. 33., and for Recovery of Assessments, authorized by 9 G.4. c.S9., may be determined by this Act.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the Sheriff may, if he think proper, direct the Sum or Sums found due to be paid by Instalments, weekly, monthly, or quarterly, according to the Circumstances of the Party found liable, and under such Conditions or Qualifications as he shall think fit to annex.

XIV. And be it enacted, That any Decree obtained under this Act may be enforced against the Person or Effects of any Party in any other County, as well as in the County where the Decree is issued: Provided always, that such Decree, or an Extract thereof, shall be first produced to and indorsed by the Sheriff Clerk of such other County, who is hereby required to make such Indorsement, on Payment of the Fee hereinafter mentioned.

XV. And be it enacted, That the Poinding and Sale shall be carried into Effect by the Officer in a summary Way, by getting the Effects poinded duly appraised by Two Persons, who may also be Witnesses to the Poinding, and leaving an Inventory or List thereof for the Party whose Effects are poinded, and carrying such Effects either to the nearest Market Town or to the nearest Village, and selling the same to the Highest Bidder by Public Roup, between the Hours of Eleven Forenoon and Three Afternoon, at the Cross or such most Public Place, on previous Notice of at least Two Hours by the Crier, but reserving to the SheriC by such General Regulation or Special Order in any particular Case, as he shall think fit, to appoint a different Hour or Race for the Sale, or a longer or different Kind of Notice to be given of the Time of selling; and the Overplus of the Price, if there shall be any, after Payment of the Sums decerned for, and the Expences, if Expences are awarded, including what is allowed by this Act for Poinding and Sale, shall be returned to the Owner; or if the Effects are not sold, the same shall be delivered over at the appraised Value to the Creditor, to the Amount of the Sum decerned for, and Expences, if awarded, and the Allowances for Poinding and Sale; and a Report of the Poinding and Sale and Proceeds, or of the Delivery of the Effects, shall in every Case be made by the Officer to the Sheriff Clerk within Eight Days thereafter, agreeably to the Form in Schedule (D.) subjoined to this Act; and where the Sheriff shall order a Sale of Goods or Effects arrested, the same Course of Proceeding shall be adopted as is above directed in the Case of Poinding and Sale; and no Officer to whom the Enforcement of Decrees or Warrants in Cases falling under this Act may be committed, shall be liable to.any Penalty, Fine, or Punishment for selling Goods or Effects under Authority of such Decrees or Warrants, by public Auction, although such Officer may not be licensed as an Auctioneer; any Thing m any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it enacted, That all Actions of Damages for Compensation for Loss or Injury by the Act or Acts of any unlawful, riotous, or tumultuous Assembly in Scotland, or of any Person engaged in, or making Part thereof, authorized to be brought by an Act passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, where the Sum concluded for does not exceed One hundred Pounds Scots; as also all Actions for Recovery of Assessments by virtue of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Preservation of tfu

Salmon

10° GEO. IV.

0*55.

325

Salmon Fisheries in Scotland, may be heard and determined in the summary Way provided by this Act, and this notwithstanding the Amount of such Assessments shall exceed One hundred Pounds Scots, i

XVII. And be it enacted, That at all Times when the Sheriff of any Shire shall judge it expedient to hold Courts for the Purposes of this Act, whether in Time of Session or of Vacation, at any other than the usual Place or Places for holding the same, or shall be directed so to do by His Majesty's Warrant, as'provided in other Cases by Act of Parliament, the Sheriff Clerk is hereby required to attend at such Times and Places, and to find the necessary Accommodation for holding such Courts all on his own Charges and Expences, in respect of the Fees allowed by this Act.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That no Decree given by any Sheriff in any Cause or Prosecution raised under the Authority of this Act, where the Sheriff shall not have ordered any Pleadings, Arguments, Minutes, or Evidence to be reduced to Writing, shall be subject to Advocation, Suspension, or Appeal, or any other Form of Review or Stay of Execution, other than herein-before

provided, either on the Merits or on Account of any Omission in the Proceedings, or of any Irregularity or Informality, or on any Ground or Reason whatever, excepting only an Appeal on the Ground of Corruption or Malice and Oppression on the Part of the Sheriff, to the next Circuit Court of Justiciary, or where there are no Circuit Courts, to the High Court of Justiciary at Edinburgh, in the Manner and by and under the Rules, Limitations,

1 Conditions, and Restrictions contained in an Act passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for taking away and abolishing the Heritable Jurisdictions in Scotland.

XIX. And be it enacted, That the following and no other or higher Fees shall be allowed to be taken for any Matters done in

1 any Cause or Prosecution raised under the Authority of this Act;

Clerks Fees.

Summons, One Shilling.

Each Copy for Service, Sixpence.

Entering in Procedure Book, Sixpence.

Warrant to cite de novo, and re-entering, Sixpence.

Warrant to arrest on Dependence, and entering in Book, One Shilling.

Loosing Arrestment, One Shilling.

Bond of Caution, One Shilling and Sixpence.

Second Diligence for compelling Witnesses or Havers to attend, One Shilling.

For every Oath of Witness, Four-pence.

For every Oath of Party, One Shilling.

Decree, Sixpence.

Rehearing, One Shilling and Sixpence.

Indorsation of Decree or Warrant, and entering in Book, One Shilling.

Receiving Report of Poinding and Sale, and entering in Book, One Shilling and Sixpence.

Y 3 Inspection

Holding Courts at other than usual Places.

20 G.2. c. 43.

Decree not subject to Appeal* except as herein provided.

20 G.2. c. 43.

Fees to be taken.

986

C. 55.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Inspection of Book os Books of Indorsations and Reports, Sixpence.

Table of Fees to be printed and bung up.

Officers neglecting Duty, to be fined.

Officers Fees, including Assistants.

First Citation of a Party, and Execution, if Citation given personally, One Shilling.

Ditto, ditto, if Citation not given personally, Sixpence.

Second ditto, ditto, personally or not, Sixpence.

Citation of a Witness or Haver, Sixpence.

Charging on Decree and returning Execution of Charge, One Shilling.

Arrestment and returning Execution thereof. Sixpence.

Intimation of loosing Arrestment and Execution thereof, Sixpence.

Poinding and Inventory, Two Shillings and Sixpence.

Sale and Report, Two Shillings and Sixpence.

Enforcing Warrant of Imprisonment, Three Shillings.

Officer's travelling Expences, for each complete Mile from the Court House or the Residence of the Officer employed, the Distance travelled in returning after Execution of the Duty not to be reckoned, Five-pence.

Assistants, each, per Mile, in the same Manner, Four-pence.

Crier's Fee.

For calling each Cause, One Penny.

And the said Fees shall be subject to Modification in Causes of very small Amount, or where the Complaint is directed against Two or more Defenders.

XX. And be it enacted, That an exact Copy of the immediately preceding Section of this Act shall be printed on each Summons or Complaint, and on each Service Copy thereof; and shall also be at all Times hung up in every Sheriff Clerk's Office, and in every Sheriff Court Place, during the holding of any Sheriffs Small Debt Court; and any Sheriff Clerk, from whose Office any Summons or Service Copy thereof shall be issued, not having such Copy of the said Section printed thereon, or at any Time omitting to have such Copy hung up in his Office, or in the Sheriff Court Place as aforesaid, shall be liable in a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be recovered at the Instance of any Person who shall prosecute for the same, and to be disposed of as the Sheriff shall direct.

XXI. And be it enacted, That in all or any of the Cases above mentioned, where any Decree or Warrant shall have been indorsed as aforesaid, the Sheriff's Officers of the County where such Decree or Warrant has been originally issued, as well as of any County wherein the same is indorsed, are hereby authorized and required to obey and enforce such Decree or Warrant within such other. County; and any Sheriff's Officer failing to report any Poinding and Sale as above directed, or violating or neglecting any other Duty entrusted to him under this Act, or wilfully acting contrary to any Provision thereof, shall be liable in a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be recovered at the Instance of any Person aggrieved thereby, and to be disposed of as the Sheriff

shall

10° GEO. IV.

C.£5.

327

shall direct, reserving always all further Claim of Damages otherwise competent against any such Officer, and without Prejudice to the Sheriff's lawful Authority to remove and punish all Officers of his Court for Misbehaviour or Malversation in Office, f

XXII. And be it enacted, That no Person shall be exempt from the Jurisdiction of the Sheriff, in any Cause or Prosecution raised under the Authority of this Act, on Account of Privilege, as being a Member of the College of Justice.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That in all Causes and Prosecutions wherein the Debt, Demand, or Penalty shall not exceed the Value of One hundred Pounds Scots, exclusive of Expences and Fees of Extract, which shall in future be brought or carried on before any Sheriff Court not according to the summary Form herein provided* it shall be lawful for any Sheriff, notwithstanding, to allow no other or higher Fees to be taken than those above mentioned.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That in all Cases in this or any Act passed or to be passed affecting Scotland, where any of the Terms Sheriff, Sheriff Clerk, Shire, Sheriffdom, or County, shall be used, the same shall de deemed and taken to apply to any Steward, or Steward Clerk, or Stewartry in Scotland *

SCHEDULE (A.)

No. 1.

Summons or Complaint in a Civil Cause.

A.B. Sheriff of the Shire of to Officers

of Court, jointly and severally.

WHEREAS it is humbly complained to me by C.D. [design him], that E.F. [design him] Defender is owing the Complainer the Sum of [here insert the Origin of Debt or Ground

of Action], which the said Defender refuses or delays to pay; and therefore the said Defender ought to be decerned and ordained to make Payment thereof to the Complainer, with Expences: Herefore it is my Will, that on Sight hereof ye lawfully summon the said Defender to compear before me or my Substitute in the Court House at upon the Day of

at of the Clock, to answer at the Complainer's Instance

in the said Matter, with Certification, in case of Failure, of being held as confessed; requiring you also to deliver to the Defender a Copy of any Account pursued for, and that ye cite Witnesses and Havers for both Parties to compear at the said Place and Date, to give Evidence in the said Matter. Given under the Hand of the Clerk of Court at the Day of

J.P. Sheriff Clerk.

Privileged Persons not exempt.

Expences to be taxed.

Explanation of Words.

No. 2.

C. 55.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

328

No. 2.

Citation for Defender.

E. F. Defender above designed, You are hereby summoned to appear and answer before the Sheriff, in the Matter, and at the Time and Place, and under the Certification set forth in the above Copy of the Summons or Complaint against you.

This Notice # served upon the

Day of by me,

J. T. Sheriff Officer.

If there is an Account, the Officer must serve a Copy of it along with the Copy of the Summons or Complaint, and add here," with a Copy of the Account."

No. 3.

Execution of Citation of Defender.

UPON the Day of Eighteen hundred

and I duly summoned the above-designed E. F. Defender,

to appear and answer before the Sheriff, in the Matter, and at the Time and Place, and under the Certification above set forth. This I did by leaving a full Copy of the above Summons or Complaint, with a Citation thereto annexed, f for the said Defender [in his Hands personally or otherwise, as the Case may bey

J. T. Sheriff Officer.

f If there is an Account, the Officer must serve a Copy of it along with the Copy of the Summons or Complaint; and that being done, add here the Words," and a Copy of the Account."

No. 4.

Citation for Witnesses.

M. N. [design him] You are hereby summoned to appear before the Sheriff of the Shire of or his Substitute, in the Court

House at upon the Day of

Eighteen hundred and at of the Clock to

bear Witness for the [Pursuer or Defender, as the Case may be, "] in the Summons or Complaint, at the Instance of C.D. [design him] against E.F'. [design him].

This Notice served on the Day of

by me, J. T. Sheriff Officer.

No. 5.

Execution of Citation of Witnesses.

UPON the Day of Eighteen hundred and

I duly summoned M. N. &c. [design them] to appear before the Sheriff of the Shire of or his Substitute,

in the Court House at upon the Day of

Eighteen hundred and at of the Clock, to

bear Witness for the in the Summons or Complaint

at the Instance of C.D. [design him] against E. F. [design him.] This I did by delivering a just Copy of Citation, signed by me, to the said M. N. [personally or otherwise, as the Case may be].

J. T. Sheriff Officer.

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 55.

* 29

No. 6.

Decree for Pursuer in a Civil Cause.

AT the Day of One thousand

eight hundred and the Sheriff of the Shire of

finds the within-designed Defender liable to the

also within-designed Pursuer in the Sum of

with of Expences, and decerns and ordains instant

Execution by Arrestment, and also Execution to pass hereon by Poinding and Sale and Imprisonment, after free Days.

J. P. Sheriff Clerk.

No. 7.

Summons or Complaint for Statutory Penalty.

A.B. Sheriff of the Shire of to Officers

of Court, jointly and severally.

WHEREAS it is humbly complained to me by C.D. Procurator Fiscal of Court, [or, %mere a private Party only,] G. H. [or where a private Party prosecutes with Concurrence of the Procurator Fiscal,] G. H* with Concurrence of C.D. Procurator fiscal of Court, that E. F* Defender has incurred the Penalty of imposed by the Act of Parliament [mention the Act], the

said Defender having [state the Offence, specifying Time and Place:] Therefore the said Defender ought to he decerned and ordained to make Payment of the said Penalty, with Expences [state to whom and in what Proportions payable]: Herefore it is my Will, that on Sight hereof ye lawfully summon the said Defender to compear before me or my Substitute, in the Court House at upon the Day of at

of the Clock, to answer at the Complainer's Instance in the said Matter, with Certification, in case of Failure, of being held as confessed; and that ye cite Witnesses and Havers for both Parties to compear at the same Place and Date, to give Evidence in the said Matter. Given under the Hand of the Clerk of Court, at the Day of

J. P. Sheriff Clerk.

Concurs, CL D. Procurator Fiscal.

[For Citation for Dfender, and Execution thereof, and Citation for Witnesses, and Execution thereof, see Nos. 2, S, 4, and 5. respectively.]

No. 8.

Decree for Prosecutor in Prosecution for Penalty.

AT the Day of One thousand eight hundred and the Sheriff of the Shire of

finds that the within-designed E.F. Defender has incurred the Penalty of as libelled, payable to [if there is

a Power to mitigate, and a Mitigation, add, "which is hereby mitigated to the Sum of "]; and also finds the said Defender liable in of Expences to the Complainer, and decerns and ordains instant Execution by Arrestment, and also Execution by Poinding and Sale and Imprisonment, after free Days.

J.P. Sheriff Clerk.

330

G 55.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829

No. 9.

Decree of Absolvitor, with Expence*.

[The following mill anstoer either for Civil Causes or Prosecutiom for Penalties."]

AT the Day of One thousand

eight hundred and the Sheriff of the Shire of

assoilzies the within-designed E. F. Defender from the within Complaint, and finds the within-designed C. X). Pursuer liable to him in the Sum of of Expences, the Expence of

extracting the Decree included; and decerns and ordains instant Execution by Arrestment, and also Execution to pass hereon by Poinding and Sale and Imprisonment, after free Days.

J. P. Sheriff Clerk.

No. 10.

Charge on Decree.

E. F. above designed, You are hereby charged to implement the Decree, of which, and of the Complaint whereon the same proceeded, the above is a Copy, within Six Days from this Date, under Pain of Poinding and Sale and Imprisonment, without further Notice. This Charge given by me, on the Day ot

before these Witnesses, O.P. and Q.R. [design them].

J. T. Sheriff Officer.

No. 11.

Execution of Charge.

[To be on the same Paper with the Complaint and Decree.]

ON the Day of Eighteen hundred and

I duly charged E. P. above designed to implement the above Decree within the Time and under the Pains therein expressed. This I did by delivering a just Copy of the foregoing Complaint and Decree, and a Charge thereto annexed, subscribed by me to the said E. F. [personally, or as the Case may be9] before these Witnesses, O. P. and Q/P. [design them] hereto with me subscribing. J. T. Sheriff Officer.

O.P. Witness.

Q. R. Witness.

SCHEDULE (B.)

Warrant for Arrestment on the Depenpence of an Action.

A.B. Sheriff of the Shire of to

Officers of Court, jointly and severally.

WHEREAS it is humbly shown to me by C.D. [design him] Complainer, that he has raised an Action before me against E. F. [design Aim], concluding that the said Defender ought to be decerned and ordained to make Payment to the said Complainer of [here state the Conclusions of the Summons or Complaint ], conform to Summons or Complaint given under the Hand of the Clerk of Court at on the Day of;

and that the said Defender, to the Prejudice of the Complainer,

intends

A.D. 1829.

10° GEO. IV. C. 53.

m

intends to upJift and dispose of all $uras of Money, Goods, and Effects owing or belonging to the said Defender: Herefore it is my Will, that on Sight hereof ye lawfully fence and arrest all Sums of Money, Goods, and Effects whatsoever owing or belonging to the said Defender, wherever or in whose Hands soever the same can be found, to an Amount or Extent not exceeding the Value of One hundred Pounds Scots, in the Hands of any Arrestee, all to remain under sure Fence and Arrestment at the Complainer's Instance, until due Consignation be made, or until sufficient Caution be found as accords of Law. Given under the Hand of the Clerk of Court at the Day of

, J.P. Sheriff Clerk.

Arrestment on the Dependence of an Action.

BY virtue of a Warrant of the Sheriff of the Shire of given under the Hand of the Clerk of Court at on the

Day of for Arrestment on the Dependence

of an Action raised before the said Sheriff, at the Instance of C. [design him] Complainer, against E. F. [design him] Defender, I hereby fence and arrest in the Hands of you K. L. [<design him] all Sums of Money owing by you to the said Defender, or to any other Person, for his Use and Behoof, and all Goods and Effects in your Custody belonging to the said Defender, and that to an Amount or Extent not exceeding the Value of One hundred Pounds Scots, all to remain under sure Fence and Arrestment at the Complainer*s Instance, until due Consignation be made, or until sufficient Caution be found as accords of Law. This I do on the Day of before these Witnesses, 0. P. and Q.

[design them\ J. T. Sheriff Officer.

Execution of Arrestment on the Dependence of an Action.

[To he on the same Paper with the Warrant of Arrestment.]

UPON the Day of Eighteen hundred

and betwixt the Hours of and by virtue

of the foregoing Warrant, I lawfully fenced and arrested in the Hands of K. L. [design him] all Sums of Money owing by him to the foresaid E. F. Defender, or to any other Person, for his Use and Behoof, and all Goods and Effects in the Custody of the said Arrestee, belonging to the said Defender, and that to an Amount or Extent not exceeding the Value of One hundred Pounds Scots, all to. remain under sure Fence and Arrestment at the foresaid Complainer's Instance, until due Consignation be made, or until sufficient Caution be found as accords of Law. This I did by delivering a just Copy of Arrestment, subscribed by me, to the said Arrestee personally [or as the Case may be-\> before these Witnesses, 0. P. and Q, R. [design them], hereto with me subscribing.

0. P. Witness. J. T, Sheriff Officer.

Q. R, Witness.

Bond

C. 35.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Mt

Bond or Enactment of Caution for loosing Arrestment.

AT on the Day of Eighteen

hundred and compeared G. H. [design Aim], who hereby

judicially binds himself, his Heirs, Executors, and Successors, as Cautioners acted in the Sheriff Court Books of the Shire of for E. F. [design Aim] Common Debtor, against whom Arrestment was used at the Instance of C. Z). [design Aim], in the Hands of Z. AT. [design Aim], on the Day of in virtue of

[describe the Warrant], dated the Day of that

the Sums of Money, Goods, and Effects owing or belonging to the said Common Debtor, arrested as aforesaid, shall be made forthcoming as accords of Law. G. H.

Warrant for loosing Arrestment used on the Dependence of an Action.

WHEREAS Arrestment was used on the Dependence of an Action, at the Instance of C. Z>. [design Aim] against E. JP. [design Aim], in the Hands of K. L. [design Aim], on the Day of by virtue of a Warrant of the Sheriff of the Shire

of given under the Hand of the Clerk of Court at

the Day of: And

Whereas the said E. F. has now made sufficient Consignation in the Hands of the Sheriff Clerk of [or, if Caution has

been founds say] has found sufficient Caution acted in the Sheriff Court Books of ' by G. H. [design Aim] his Cautioner

[here state the Nbture of the Caution], in order to the loosing of the said Arrestment, Warrant for loosing the said Arrestment is hereby granted accordingly. Given under the Hand of the Clerk of Court at the Day of

J.P. Sheriff Clerk.

Intimation of loosing Arrestment.

[To be on the same Paper voith a Copy of the foregoing Warrant.]

K. I. [design Aim]. Take Notice, That by virtue of the Warrant whereof the above is a Copy, the Arrestment on the Dependence of the Action above mentioned, used in your Hands at the Instance of the foresaid C.D. against the foresaid E. jP., is loosed and taken off. This Notice served on the Day of

by me, J. Z1. Sheriff Officer.

Execution of Intimation of loosing Arrestment *

[To be on the same Paper with the original Warrant for loosing the Arrestment.]

UPON the Day of Eighteen hundred and

I duly intimated the above Warrant to K. L. [design Aim] Arrestee. This I did by leaving a full Copy thereof, and Intimation thereon, subscribed by me, for him [in his Hands personally, or as the Case may be-\. J, T. Sheriff Officer.

A.D. 1829.

10° GEO. IV. C. 56V

333

SCHEDULE (C.)

Summons or Complaint in Cases of Forthcoming.

A.B. Sheriff of the Shire of to % Officers

of Court, jointly and severally.

WHEREAS it is humbly complained to me by C. Z>. upon and against K> L. Arrestee and F. F. Common Debtor, that the said Common Debtor is owing the Complainer the Sum of contained in [describe shortly the Decreet, or Bill, or Bond, et cetera, by tchick the Debt is constituted,] and that the Complainer, on the Day of Years, in virtue of a Warrant by

dated the Day of arrested in the Hands of the said Arrestee [here insert the Terms of the Arrestment used], which the said Arrestee now refuses or delays to make forthcoming: Therefore the said Arrestee, and the said Common Debtor for his Interest, qught to be decerned and ordained to make forthcoming, pay, and deliver to the Complainer the Money, Goods, and Effects arrested as aforesaid, or so much thereof as will satisfy and pay the said Sum of owing to the Complainer as aforesaid: Herefore it is my Will, that on Sight hereof ye lawfully summon the said Arrestee, and the said Common Debtor for his Interest, to compear before me or my Substitute in the Court House at upon the

Day of Years, at of the

Clock, to answer at the Complainer's Instance in the said Matter, with Certification, in case of Failure, of being held as confessed; and that ye cite Witnesses and Havers for both Parties to compear at the said Place and Date, to give Evidence in the said Matter. Given under the Hand of the Clerk of Court at the

Day of Years. J* P. Sheriff Clerk.

[The Citations and Executions and Decree for the Defender, mth Expences, may be the same as in Schedule (A.)]

Decree for the Pursuer in Cases of Forthcoming.

AT the Day of One thousand

eight hundred and the Sheriff for the Shire of

decerns and ordains the within-designed Defender,

to make forthcoming, pay, and deliver to the also within-designed Pursuer the Arrestee has Money arrested in his Hands, the Rest of the Judgment mil be the same as in ordinary Cases; if there are Goods and Effects to be made forthcoming, the Rest of the Judgment will be as follom *.] the arrested Goods and Effects following; videlicet, and grants

Warrant to sell the same, or as much thereof as will satisfy the Sum of and of Expences of Process, and the Expence of Sale; and failing the said Defender making forthcoming and delivering the said Goods and Effects within then to make Payment to the said Pursuer of the said Sum of for Recovery of which Sums, the said Period being elapsed without Forthcoming and Delivery of the said Goods and Effects, ordains instant Execution by Arrestment, and also Execution to pass hereon by Poinding and Sale, and Imprisonment, after free Days. J. P. Sheriff Clerk.

C. 55.

10° GEO. IV.

A. IX 1829

834

SCHEDULE (D.)

Report of Poinding and Sale.

Report of the Poinding and Sale at the Instance of C. Z>. [design him] against E. F, [design him].

Lots. Effects. Appraised at Sold at. 1 \

- £ s* d. £ Sm i d. 1

1. An Eight-day Clock - 4 0 0 4 10 O i

2. Six Chairs, at 6/ - 1 16 0 1 18 O;

3. One Table - 0 8 0 0 8 o

4. One Chest of Drawers - 1 12 0 1 12 o

7 16 0 8 8 o

UPON the Day of Eighteen hundred and between the Hours of and by virtue of* a Decree of the Sheriff of given under the Hand of the

Clerk of Court at on the Day of

at the Instance of C. Z). above designed, against jE. F. above designed, for Payment of the Sums of I passed

with the Witnesses and Appraisers after named and designed to and then and there, after demanding Payment of the Sums contained in said Decree past due, and Payment not being made, I poinded the Effects above enumerated belonging to the said Debtor; and after making an Inventory or List thereof, and getting the same duly appraised, on Oath, at the several Values respectively above specified in the first Column, and amounting in all to [here insert the Amount in Words'], and leaving a Copy of such Inventory or List and Appraisement with the said Debtor personally [or as the Case may be], I carried the said Effects to the of and there, betwixt the Hours of

and and after Public Notice of it

least Hours I sold the said Effects by Public Roup,

to the highest Bidder, at the Prices above specified in the Second Column, for each Lot respectively *, and amounting in all to [here insert the Amount in Words], These Things were so done before and with O. P. and Q. R. [design them], Witnesses and Appraisers, in the Premises hereto with me subscribing.

J, T. Sheriff Officer.

O. P. Witness and Appraiser.

Q. R. Witness and Appraiser.

Reported to the Sheriff Clerk of the Shire of at

the Day of by me,

J. T. Sheriff Officer *

If the Effects are not sold, the Tenour of the Report must be altered according to the State of the Fact; for Instance, [" I exposed the said Goods and Effects " to1 Public Sale, but no Person haying offered the appraised Value, therefore I " declared the same to belong to the said C.D. at the said respective appraised " Values, in Payment to that Amount of the Sums in said Decree.*] In case

" the

A..P. 182$.

10° GEO. IV. C. 55, 56. 885

* the Goods poinded, or Part of them, shall sell for more than the Sums in the " Decree, and Expences of Poinding and Sale, say, [" I sold Part of the said M Effects, viz. Lots 1, 2, and 3, by Public Roup to the highest Bidder, at the " Prices above specified in the Second Column for each of said Lots respectively,

" and amounting in all to [here insert the Amount in Words], and f returned to the said Debtor the Sum of being the Overplus of the Price,

" after Payment of the Sums decerned for past due, and the Sum of " being the Expences of Poinding and Sale, conform to the Act of Parliament;

" and I also returned to the said Debtor the Effects specified in the other Lots " above enumerated. "J

SCHEDULE (E)

No. 1 Dates of Complaints. Pursuers. Defenders. Sums. How due. How cited. By what Officer. Interlocutors and Decrees.

N.B. — After the Name of each Pursuer and Defender let the Letter P. or A. be added, in order to mark whether the Party was present or absent when the Cause was called; let Expences be also entered under the Head of " Interlocutors.' *

CAP. LVI.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Friendly Societies.

[19th June 1829.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Laws relating to Friendly Societies, and to consolidate the same in One Act,

and to make other Provisions respecting Friendly Societies Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of His late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act 33 G.3. c. 54. for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies; and also

so much of an Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the more effectually carrying 35 G.s. c. 111. into Execution an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 1 An Act for the Encouragement

and Relief of Friendly Societies, and for extending so much of the Powers thereof as relates to the framing Rules and Regulation for the better Management <f the Funds of such Societies, and the Appointment of Treasurers, to other Institutions of a charitable Nature, as relates to Friendly Societies; and also an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-sixth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Encouragement and Relief 36 G.s. (I.)

of

C. 56.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

43 0.3. c. 111.

49 G.3. c. 58.

49 G.S. c-125.

59 G.S. c. 128.

6 G4. c. 74. in Part repealed, except as herein stated.

Any Number of Persons may form themselves into a Society, and raise a Fund for their mutual Benefit, and make Buies, &c.

of Friendly Societies; and also an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for enabling Friendly Societies, intended to be established under an Act passed h the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty to rectify Mistakes made in the Registry of their Rules; and also an Act passed in the Forty-ninth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, to explain and render more effectual the said recited Act made k the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-sixth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign; and also an Act passed in the Forty-ninth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend an Ac made in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies; and also an Act passed in the Fifty-ninth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the further Protection and Encouragement oj Friendly Societies, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses therein; and also so much of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Lam relating to Conveyances and Transfers of Estates and Funds vested in Trustees who are Infants, Idiots, Lunatics, or Trustees of unsound Mind, or tvho cannot be compelled or rtfuse to act, and the Lam relating to Stocks and Securities belonging to Infants, Idiots, Lunatics, and Persons of unsound Mind, as relates to Friendly Societies, for the better Security, or for the Application, Receipt, Payment, or Transfer of any of the Funds thereof^ shall be and the same are hereby repealed, except so far as any of the said Acts repeal the Whole or any Part of any other Acts, and except as hereinafter is excepted: Provided nevertheless, that such Repeal shall not invalidate or affect any Thing which has been done before the passing of this Act in pursuance of any of the said Acts.

II. And Whereas certain Friendly Societies have been established in Great Britain and Ireland, for raising, by voluntary Subscription of the Members thereof, separate Funds for the mutual Relief and Maintenance of the said Members in Sickness, old Age, and Infirmity; and it is expedient to give Protection to such Societies and the Funds thereby established, and to afford Encouragement to other Persons to form the like Societies; Be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Number of Persons in Great Britain and Ireland to form themselves into and to establish a Society for the Purpose of raising from Time to Time, by Subscriptions of the several Members of every such Society, or by Voluntary Contributions, or by Donations, a Stock or Fund for the mutual Relief mid Maintenance of all and every the Members thereof, their Wives or Children, or other Relations, in Sickness, Infancy, advanced Age, Widowhood, orany other natural State or Contingency whereof the Occurrence is susceptible of Calculation by way of Average; and to and for the several Members of each Society from Time or Time to assemble together, and to make, ordain, and constitute such proper and wholesome Rules for the better Government and Guidance of the same as to the major Part of the Members of such Society so assembled together shall seem meet, so as such Rules shall not be repugnant to the Laws of this Realm, nor any of the express Provisions or Regulations of this Act; and to

impose

10° GEO. IV. C. 56.

337

impose and inflict such reasonable Fines and Forfeitures upon the several Members of any such Society who shall offend against such Rules as shall be just and necessary for duly enforcing the same, to be respectively paid to such Uses, for the Benefit of such Society, as such Society by such Rules shall direct; and also from Time to Time to alter and amend such Rules as Occasion shall require, or to annul and repeal the same, and to make new Rules in lieu thereof, under such Restrictions as are in this Act contained.

III. And be it further enacted, That every such Society so to be established as aforesaid, before any of the Rules thereof shall be confirmed by the Justices in the Manner hereinafter directed, shall, in or by One or more of the Rules to be confirmed by such Justices, declare all and every the Intents and Purposes for which such Society is intended to be established, and shall also in and by such Rules direct all and every the Uses and Purposes to which the Money which shall from Time to Time be subscribed, paid, or given to or for the Use or Benefit of such Society, or which shall arise therefrom, or in anywise shall belong to such Society, shall be appropriated and applied, and in what Shares and Proportions and under what Circumstances any Member of such Society, Or: other Person, shall or may become entitled to the same or any i Part thereof; provided that the Application thereof shall not in anywise be repugnant to the Uses, Intents, and Purposes of such Society, or any of them, so to be declared as aforesaid; and all such Rules, during the Continuance of the same, shall be complied i with and enforced; and the Monies so subscribed, paid, or given, i or so arising, to or for the Use or Benefit of such Society, or belonging thereto, shall not be diverted or misapplied either by the Treasurer, Trustee, or any other Officer or Member of such i Society entrusted therewith, under such Penalty or Forfeiture i as such Society shall by any Rule impose and inflict for such Offence.

IV. And be it further enacted, That a Transcript fairly written (on Paper or Parchment, of all such Rules, signed by Three Mem-i bers, and countersigned by the Clerk or Secretary, with all con-: venient Speed after the same shall be made, altered, or amended, i and so from Time to Time after every making, altering, or amending thereof, shall be submitted, in England and Wales and Berwick-upon-Tweed, to the Barrister at Law for the Time being appointed to certify the Rules of Saving Banks, and in Scotland to the Lord Advocate or any of his Deputies, and in Ireland to such Barrister as may be appointed by His Majesty's Attorney General in Ireland, for the Purpose of ascertaining whether the said Rules of such Society, or Alteration or Amendment thereof, are in Conformity to Law and to the Provisions of this Act; and that the said Barrister or Advocate shall give a Certificate thereof, or point out in what Part or Parts they are repugnant thereto; and that the Fee payable to such Barrister or Advocate for perusing the Rules, or Alterations or Amendments of the Rules, of each respective Society, and giving such Certificate as aforesaid, shall not at any One Time exceed the Sum of One Guinea, which, together with* the Expence of conveying the Rules to and from the said Barrister or Advocate, shall be defrayed by each Society

Power to alter and amend Rules.

Societies, in their Rules, to declare the Purpose of their Establishment, &c.

Rules of the Society to be submitted to a Barrister, or other Person, by whom they are to be certified;

C. 56.

10° GEO. IV.

and deposited with tile Clerk of the Peace.

Rules, when certified, to be confirmed by Justices at Sessions, and a Duplicate certified by Clerk of the Peace.

When not necessary td submit Rules to Barrister.

Manner of Proceeding in case Barrister shall refuse to certify.

Rules not to be allowed unless the Justices are satisfied with, the Tables.

No Society entitled to the Benefit of this Act, unless their Rules have been confirmed *

respectively; and such Transcript, when certified by the sud Barrister or Advocate, shall be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County wherein such Society shall be formed, ad by him laid before the Justices for such County at the General Quarter Sessions, or Adjournment thereof, next after the Tune when such Transcript shall have been so certified and returned as aforesaid; and the Justices then and there present are hereby authorized and required to allow and confirm the same; and such Transcript shall be filed by such Clerk of the Peace with the Rolls of the Sessions of the Peace in his Custody; and a Certificate of the Enrolment thereof shall, within Fourteen Days after the End of the said Sessions or Adjournment thereof be signed by such Clerk of the Peace on a Duplicate Copy to be provided by and returned to such Society, without Fee or Reward: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to require any Rules, Alterations or Amendments thereof, to be submitted to such Barrister or Advocate, if the same, when deposited with the Clerk of the Peace, are accompanied with an Affidavit of being a Copy of any of the Rules, Alterations, or Amendments of any other Society which shall have been already enrolled under the Provisions of this Act in the same County.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case an; such Barrister or Advocate shall refuse to certify all or any of the Rules so to be submitted for his Perusal and Examination, it shill then be lawful for any such Society to submit the same to the Court of Quarter Sessions, together with the Reasons assigned by the said Barrister or Advocate, in Writing, for any such Rejectios I or Disapproval of any One or more such Rules; and that the Justices at their said Quarter Sessions shall and may, if they thiol fit, confirm and allow the same, notwithstanding any such Rejection or Disapproval by any such Barrister or Advocate.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Rules of any Society hereafter to be formed shall be allowed unless it shall appear to the Justices to whom the same are tendered that the Tables of the Payment to be made by the Members, and of the Benefits to be received by them, may be adopted with Safety to all Parties concerned.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no such Society as aforesaid shall have the Benefit of this Act, unless all the Rules for the Management thereof shall be entered in a Book to be kept by au Officer of such Society appointed for that Purpose, and which Book shall be open at all seasonable Times for the Inspection of the Members of such Society, and unless all such Rules shall be fairly transcribed, and such Transcript deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County wherein such Society shall be established as aforesaid; but nevertheless nothing contained herein shall extend to prevent any Alteration in or Amendment of an; such Rules so entered and deposited and filed as aforesaid, or repealing or annulling the same, or any of them, in the Whole at in Part, or making any new Rules for the Management of such Society, in such Manner as by the Rules of such Society shall from time to Time be provided; but such new Rule?, or such Alterations in or Amendments of former Rules, or any Order annulling or repealing any former Rules in the Whole or in Pari,

10° GEO. IV. C. 56.

339

shall not be in Force until the same respectively shall be entered in such Book as aforesaid, and certified, when necessary, by such Barrister or Advocate as aforesaid, and until a Transcript thereof shall be deposited with such Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, who shall file and certify the same as aforesaid; and that no such Rule, or Alteration in or Amendment of any former Rule, shall be binding or have any Force or Effect until the same shall have been confirmed by such Justices, and filed as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Rules from Time to Time made and in Force for the Management of such Society as aforesaid, and duly entered in such Book as aforesaid, and confirmed by the Justices as aforesaid, shall be binding on the several Members and Officers of such Society, and the several Contributors thereto, and their Representatives, all of whom shall be deemed and taken to have full Notice thereof by such Entry and Contribution as aforesaid; and the Entry of such Rules in such Book as aforesaid, or the Transcript thereof deposited with such Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, or a true Copy of such Transcript, examined with the Original and proved to be a true Copy, shall be received as Evidence of such Rules respectively in all Cases; and no Certiorari, Suspension, Advocation, Reduction, or other legal Process, shall be brought or allowed to remove any such Rules into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record; and every Copy of any such Transcript deposited with any Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid shall be made without Fee or Reward, except the actual Expence of making such Copy.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Rule confirmed by the Justices of the Peace in Manner aforesaid shall be altered, rescinded, or repealed, unless at a General Meeting of the Members of such Society as aforesaid, convened by public Notice, written or printed, signed by the Secretary or President or other principal Officer or Clerk of such Society, in pursuance of a Requisition for that Purpose by Seven or more of the Members of such Society; which said Requisition and Notice shall be publicly read at the Two usual Meetings of such Society to be held next before such General Meeting for the Purpose of such Alteration or Repeal, unless a Committee of such Members shall have been nominated for that Purpose at a General Meeting of the Members of such Society convened in Manner aforesaid; in which Case such Committee shall have the like Power to make such Alterations or Repeal; and unless such Alterations or Repeal shall be made with the Concurrence and Approbation of Three Fourths of the Members of such Society then and there present, or by the like Proportion of such Committee as aforesaid, if any shall have been nominated for that Purpose.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Rules of every Society formed under the Authority of this Act shall specify the Place or Places at which it is intended such Society shall hold its Meetings, and shall contain Provisions with respect to the Powers and Duties of the Members at large, and of such Committees or Officers as may be appointed for the Management of the Affairs of such Society: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for any such Society to alter their Place or Places of Meeting whenever they may consider it necessary, upon giving Notice

Rules, when entered and deposited, to be binding on Members and Depositors.

Copy of Transcript to be received in Evidence.

No confirmed Rule to be altered but at a General Meeting of the Society, &c.

Rules shall specify Place of Meeting and Duties of. Officers.

Societies may alter Place of Meeting.

340

C. 56.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 182$.

Society may appoint Officers.

Securities to be given for Offices of Trust, if required.

Treasurer or Trustees to give Bond to the Clerk of the Peace.

Appointment of Committees.

thereof in Writing to the Clerk of the Peace for the County within which such Society shall, be held, the said Notice to be given within Seven Days before or after such Removal, and signed by the Secretary or other principal Officer, and also by Three or more of the Members of the said Society; and provided that the Place or Places at which such Society intend to hold their Meetings shall be situate within the County in which the Rules of the said Society are enrolled.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every such Society shall and may from Time to Time, at any of their usual Meetings, or by their Committee, if any such shall be appointed for that Society, elect and appoint such Person into the Office of Steward, President, Warden, Treasurer, or Trustee of such Society, as they shall think proper, and also shall and may from Time to Time elect and appoint such Clerks and other Officers as shall be deemed necessary to carry into Execution the Purposes of such Society, for. such Space of Time and for such Purposes as shall be fixed and established by the Rules of such Society, and from Time to Time to elect and appoint others in the Room of those who shall vacate or die; and such Treasurer, Trustee, and all and every other Officer or other Person whatever who shall be appointed to any Office in anywise touching or concerning the Receipt, Management, or Expenditure of any Sum of Money collected for the Purpose of any such Society, before he, she, or they shall be admitted to take upon him, her, or them the Execution of any such Office or Trust (if required so to do by the Rules of such Society to which such Officer shall belong), shall become bound in a Bond, according to the Form prescribed in the Schedule to this Act annexed, with Two sufficient Sureties, for the just and faithful Execution of such Office or Trust, and for rendering a just and true Account according to the Rules of such Society, and in all Matters lawful to pay Obedience to the same, in such penal Sum of Money as by the major Part of such Society at any such Meeting as aforesaid shall be thought expedient, and to the Satisfaction of such Society; and that every such Bond to be given by or on the Behalf of such Treasurer or Trustee, or of any other Person appointed to any other Office or Trust, shall be given to the Clerk of the Peace of the County where such Society shall be established, for the Time being, without Fee or Reward; and in case of Forfeiture it shall be lawful to sue upon such Bond in the Name of the Clerk of the Peace for the Time being, for the Use of the said Society, fully indemnifying and saving harmless such Clerk of the Peace from all Costs and Charges in respect of such Suit; provided that such Bond shall have in Scotland the same Force and Effect as a Bond in the Form in use in Scotland containing a Clause of Registration.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every such Society shall and may from Time to Time elect and appoint any Number of the Members of such Society to be a Committee, the Number thereof to be declared in the Rules of every such Society, and shall and may delegate to such Committee all or any of the Powers given by this Act to be executed, who, being so delegated, shall continue to act as such Committee for and during such Time as they shall be appointed, for such Society, for general Purposes, the

Powers

34*1

Powers of such Committee being first declared in and by the Rules of such Society, confirmed by the Justices of the Peace at their Sessions, and filed in the Manner herein-before directed; and in all Cases where a Committee shall be appointed for any particular Purpose, the Powers delegated to such Committee shall be reduced into Writing and entered into a Book by the Secretary or Clerk of such Society, and a Majority of the Members of such Committee shall at all Times be necessary to concur in any Act of such Committee; and such Committee shall, in all Things dele* gated to them, act for and in the Name of such Society; and all Acts and Orders of such Committee, under the Powers delegated to them, shall have the like Force and Effect as the Acts and Orders of such Society at any General Meeting thereof could or might have had in pursuance of this Act: Provided always, that the Transactions of such Committee shall be entered in a Book belonging to such Society, and shall be from Time to Time and at all Times subject and liable to the Review, Allowance, or Disallowance and Controul of such Society, in such Manner and Form as such Society shall by their General Rules, confirmed by the Justices and filed as aforesaid, have directed and appointed, or shall in like Manner direct and appoint.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Treasurer or Trustee for the Time being of any such Society, and he, she, and they is and are hereby authorized and required, from Time to Time, by and with the Consent of such Society, to be had and testified in such Manner as shall be directed by the General Rules of such Society, to lay out or dispose of such Part of all such Sums of Money as shall at any Time be collected, given, or paid to and for the beneficial Ends, Intents, and Purposes of such Society, as the Exigencies of such Society shall not call for the immediate Application or Expenditure of, either on Real or Heritable Securities or Heritable Property, to, be approved of as aforesaid (such Securities to be taken in the Name of such Treasurer or Trustee for the Time being), or toi invest the same in the Public Stocks or Funds, Savings Banks, or Government Securities, or in any of the chartered Banks in Scotland, or in the Bank of the Commercial Banking Company of Scotland, and not otherwise, in the proper Name of such Treasurer or Trustee; and from Time to Time, with such Consent as aforesaid, to alter and transfer such Securities and Funds, and to make Sale thereof respectively; and that all the Dividends, Interests, and Proceeds which shall from Time to Time arise from the Monies so laid- out or invested as aforesaid shall from Time to Time be brought to Account by such Treasurer or Trustee, and shall be applied to and for the Use of such Society, according to the Rules thereof.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall have or receive any Part of the Monies, Effects, or Funds of or belonging to any such Society, or shall in any Manner have been or shall be entrusted with the Disposal, Management, or Custody thereof, or of any Securities, Books, Papers, or Property relating to the same, his or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns respectively, shall, upon Demand made, or Notice in Writing given or left at the last or usual Place of Residence of such Persons, in

Powers of Standing Committees to be declared in the Rules of the Society, and of particular ones entered in a Book *

Committee con-, trollable by Society.

Treasurer or Trustees to lay out Surplus of Contributions;

and to bring the Proceeds to account.

Treasurers, &c. to render Accounts, and pay over Balances, &c.;

342

C. 56.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

and in case of Neglect, Application may be made to the Court of Exchequer, &c.

Where Trustees, &c. are out of Jurisdiction of Court, or it be uncertain whether they are alive, or they refuse to convey, &c. Court of Exchequer may appoint a Person to convey.

When Trustees shall be absent,

pursuance of any Order of such Society, or Committee to be appointed as aforesaid, for that Purpose, give in his or her Account at the usual Meeting of such Society, or to such Committee thereof as aforesaid, to be examined and allowed or disallowed by such Society or Committee thereof, and shall, on the like Demand or Notice, pay over all the Monies remaining in his or her Hands, and assign and transfer or deliver all Securities and Effects, Books, Papers, and Property, taken or standing in his or her Name as aforesaid, or being in his or her Hands or Custody, to the Treasurer or Trustee for the Time being, or to such other Person as such Society or Committee thereof shall appoint; and in case of any Neglect or Refusal to deliver such Account, or to pay over such Monies, or to assign, transfer, or deliver such Securities and Effects, Books, Papers, and Property, in Manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for every such Society, in the Name of the Treasurer or Trustee or other principal Officer thereof, as the Case may be, to exhibit a Petition in the Court of Exchequer in England or Ireland, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, or the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales respectively, who shall and may proceed thereupon in a summary Way, and make such Order therein, upon hearing all Parties concerned, as to such Court in their Discretion shall seem just, which Order shall be final and conclusive; and all Assignments, Sales, and Transfers made in pursuance of such Order shall be good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XV. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Person seised or possessed of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Property, or any Estate or Interest therein, as a Trustee of any such Society, shall be out of the Jurisdiction of or not amenable to the Process of the Court of Exchequer in England or Ireland, or the Court of Session in Scotland, or of the Court of Great Sessions in Wales> or shall be Idiot, Lunatic, or of unsound Mind, or it shall be unknown or uncertain whether he or she be living or dead, or such Person shall refuse to convey or otherwise assure such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Property, or Estate or Interest, to the Person duly nominated as Trustee of such Society in their Stead, either alone or together with any continuing Trustee, as Occasion shall require, then and in every or any such Case it shall be lawful for the Judges of the said Courts respectively to appoint such Person, as to such Court shall seem meet, on Behalf and in the Name of the Person seised or possessed as aforesaid, to convey, surrender, release, assign, or otherwise assure the said Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Property, or Estate or Interest, to such Trustee so duly nominated as aforesaid; and every such Conveyance, Release, Surrender, Assignment, or Assurance shall be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if the Person being out of the Jurisdiction or not amenable to the Process of the said Courts, or not known to be alive, or having refused, or as if the Person being Idiot, Lunatic, or of unsound Mind, had been at the Time of the Execution thereof of sane Mind, Memory, and Understanding, and had by himself or herself executed the same.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as it shall happen that all and every Person in whose Name any Part

of

A.D. 1829. 10° GEa IV. C. 56. S*3

of the several Stocks, Annuities, and Funds transferable or which &c. Courts may hereafter 'shall be made transferable at the Bank of England, or °rder Sl?ck *° In the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Eng- and vidends land, is, are, or shall be standing as a Trustee of any such Society, paid, shall be absent, out of the Jurisdiction or not amenable to the Process of the said Court of Exchequer in England or Ireland, or the Court of Session in Scotland, or the Courts of Great Session in Wales, or shall be a Bankrupt, Insolvent, or Lunatic, or it shall be uncertain or unknown whether such Trustee is living or dead, that then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Judges of the said Courts respectively to order and direct that the Accountant General, or the Secretary or Deputy Secretary, or other proper Officer for the Time being of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, do transfer in the Book of the said Company such Stock, Annuities, or Funds standing as aforesaid, to and into the Name of such Person as such Society may appoint, and also pay over to such Person as aforesaid the Dividends of such Stock, Annuities, or Funds; and when and as often as it shall happen that One or more only, and not all or both of such Trustees as aforesaid, shall be so absent, or not amenable to such Process as aforesaid, or a Bankrupt, Insolvent, or Lunatic, or it be uncertain or unknown whether any One or more of such Trustees is or are living or dead, that then, and in all and every such last-mentioned Case and Cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Judges of the said Courts respectively to order and direct that the other and others of such Trustees who shall be forthcoming and ready and qualified to act do transfer such Stock,

Annuities, or Funds to and into the Name of such Person as aforesaid, and also that such forthcoming Trustee do also receive and pay over the Dividends of such Stock, Annuities, or Funds, as Such Society shall direct; and that all such Transfers and Payments so made shall be and are hereby declared to be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any former Statute, Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Reward, Emolu- No Fee to be ment, or Gratuity whatsoever shall be demanded, taken, or received *"k«" for any by any Officer or Minister of such Courts for any Matter or Thing m

done in such Courts in pursuance of this Act; and that upon the urtv presenting of any such Petition it shall be lawful for the Judges of the said Courts respectively to assign Counsel learned in the Law, and to appoint a Clerk or Practitioner of such Court, to advise and carry on such Petition on the Behalf of such Society, who are hereby respectively required to do their Duties therein without Fee or Reward.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Who shall he Cases in which Orders shall be made by any of the Courts afore- 13?"?ed Inftke said for the Transfer of Stocks or Funds transferable at the Bank CourTfor mak-of England, the Persons to be named in such Orders respectively lUg Transfer *, for making such Transfers shall be the Secretary, Deputy Secretary, or Accountant General of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the lime being, or One of them, except in Cases where One or more of the Trustees in whose Name such Stocks or Funds shall stand shall be ordered to transfer the same

C. 56.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Act to be an Indemnity to the Bank.

Executor *, &c. to pay Money due to Societies before any other Debts.

Effects of Societies to be vested in the Trustees or Treasurers for the Time being, who may bring and defend Actions, &c.

without the Concurrence of any other or others of such Trustee*; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be and if hereby declared to be a full and complete Indemnity and Discharge to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Officers and Servants, for all Acts and Things done or permitted to be done pursuant thereto, and that such Acts and Things shall not be questioned or impeached in any Court of Law or Equity to their Prejudice or Detriment.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person appointed to any Office by any such Society, and being entrusted with or having in his or her Hands or Possession, by virtue of his or her said Office, any Monies or Effects belonging to such Society, or any Deeds or Securities relating to the same, shall die, or become a Bankrupt or Insolvent, his or her Executors or Administrators or Assignees, or other Persons having legal Right, shall, within Forty Days after Demand made by the Order of any such Society or Committee thereof, or the major Part of them assembled at any Meeting thereof, deliver over all Things belonging to such Society to such Person as such Society shall appoint, and shall pay, out of the Estates, Assets, or Effects of such Person, all Sums of Money remaining due which such Person received by virtue of his or her said Office, before any of his or her other Debts are paid or satisfied; and all such Assets, Estates, and Effects shall be bound to the Payment and Discharge thereof accordingly.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Real and Heritable Property, Monies, Goods, Chattels, and Effects whatever, and all Titles, Securities for Money, or other obligatory Instruments and Evidences or Muniments, and all other Effects whatever, and all Rights or Claims belonging to or had by such Society, Shall be vested in the Treasurer or Trustee of such Society for the Time being, for the Use and Benefit of such Society and the respective Members thereof, their respective Executors or Administrators, according to their respective Claims and Interests; and after the Death or Removal of any Treasurer or Trustee shall vest in the succeeding Treasurer or Trustee for the same Estate and Interest as the former Treasurer or Trustee had therein, and subject to. the same Trusts, without any Assignment or Conveyance whatever, except the Transfer of Stocks and Securities in the Public Fupds of Great Britain and Ireland; and also shall, for all Purposes of Action or Suit, as well Criminal as Civil, in Law or in Equity, in anywise touching or concerning the same, be deemed and taken to be, and shall in every such Proceeding (where necessary) be stated to be, the Property of the Person appointed to the Office of Treasurer or Trustee of such Society for the Time being, in his or her proper Name, without further Description; and such Person shall and he or she is hereby respectively authorized to bring or defend, or cause to be brought or defended, any. Action, Suit, or Prosecution, Criminal as well as Civil, in Law *>r in Equity, touching or concerning the Property, Right, or Claim aforesaid of or belonging to or had by such Society; provided such Person shall have been thereunto duly authorized by the Consent of the Majority of Members present at any Meeting of

the

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 56T.

845

the Society or Committee thereof; and such Person so appointed shall and may, in all Cases concerning the Property, Right, or Claim aforesaid of such Society, sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded, in his or her proper Name, as Treasurer or Trustee of such Society, without other Description; and no such Suit, Action, or Prosecution shall be discontinued or abate by the Death, of such Person or his or her Removal from the Office of Treasurer or Trustee, but the same shall and may be proceeded in by the succeeding Treasurer or Trustee in the proper Name of the Person commencing the same, any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; and such succeeding Treasurer or Trustee shall pay or receive like Costs as if the Action or Suit had been commenced in his or her Name, for the Benefit of or to be reimbursed from the Funds of such Society.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer or Trustee, or any other Officer of any Society established under the Authority of this Act, shall not be liable to make good any Deficiency which may arise in the Funds of such Society, unless such Persons shall have respectively declared by Writing under their Hands, deposited and registered in like Manner with the Rules of such Society, that they are willing so to be answerable; and it shall be lawful for each of such Persons, or for such Persons collectively, to limit his, her, or their Responsibility to such Sum as shall be specified in any such Instrument or Writing: Provided always, that the said Treasurer, Trustee, and every other the Officer of any such Society, shall be and they are hereby declared to be personally responsible and liable, for all Monies actually received by him, her, or them on account of or to and for the Use of the said Society.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Trustees of any Society established under this Act, at any Time after the Decease of any Member, have paid and divided any Sum of Money to or amongst any Person or Persons who shall at the Time of such Payment appear to such Trustees to be entitled to the Effects of any deceased intestate Member, the Payment of any such Sum or Sums of Money shall be valid and effectual with respect to any Demand of any other Person or Persons as next of Kin of such deceased intestate Member, or as the lawful Representative or Representatives of such Member, against the Funds of such Society, or against the Trustees thereof; but nevertheless such next of Kin or Representatives shall have Remedy for such Money so paid as aforesaid against the Person or Persons who shall have received the same.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Member of any Society shall die, who shall be entitled to any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, it shall be lawful for the Trustees or Treasurer of such Society, and they are hereby authorized and permitted, if such Trustees or Treasurer shall be satisfied that no Will was made and left by such deceased Member, and that no Letters of Administration or Confirmation will be taken out, of the Funds, Goods, and Chattels of such Depositor, to pay the same at any Time after the Decease of. such Member according to the Rules and Regulations of the said Institution; and in the Event of there being no Rules and Regulations made in that Behalf,

then

Limitation of Responsibility of Treasurers or Trustees.

Treasurer, &c. liable for Money actually received.

Payment to Persons appearing to be next of Kin declared valid.

For Payment of Sums not exceeding 201. where Members die intestate.

C. 56.

10° GEO. IV.

A. IX 182ft.

Justices may hear Cases of Fraud, and punish by Fine or Imprisonment.

then the said Trustees or Treasurer are hereby authorized and permitted to pay and divide the same to and amongst the Person or Persons entitled to the Effects of the deceased Intestate, and that without Administration in England or Ireland, and without Confirmation in Scotland.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That for the more effectually preventing Fraud and Imposition on the Funds of such Societies, if any Officer, Member, or any other Person being or representing himself or herself to be a Member of such Society, or the Nominee, Executor, Administrator, or Assignee of any Member of such Society, or any other Person whatever, shall in or by any false Representation or Imposition fraudulently obtain Possession of the Monies of such Society, or any Part thereof, or, having in his or her Possession any Sum of Money belonging to such Society, shall fraudulently withhold the same, and for which Offence no especial Provision is made in the Rules of such Society, it shall be lawful for any One Justice of the Peace residing within the County within which such Society shall be held, upon Complaint made on Oath or Affirmation by an Officer of such Society appointed for that Purpose, to summon such Person against whom such Complaint shall be made to appear at a Time and Place to be named in such Summons; and upon his or her Appearance, or, in default thereof, upon due Proof, upon Oath or Affirmation of the Service of such Summons, it shall and may be lawful for any Two Justices residing within the County aforesaid to hear and determine the said Complaint according to the Rules of the said Society, confirmed as directed by this Act; and, upon due Proof of such Fraud, the said Justices shall convict the said Party and award double, the Amount of the Money so fraudulently obtained or withheld to be paid to the Treasurer, to be applied by him to the Purposes of the Society so proved to have been imposed upon and defrauded, together with such Costs as shall be awarded by the said Justices, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Shillings; and in case such Person against whom such Complaint shall be made shall not pay the Sum of Money so awarded to the Person and at the Time specified in the said Order, such Justices are hereby required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Person on whom such Order shall have been made, or by other legal Proceeding, together with such Costs as shall be awarded by the said Justices, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Shillings, and also the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale or other legal Proceeding, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner; and, in default of such Distress being found, the said Justices of the Peace shall commit such Person so proved* to have offended to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for such a Period, not exceeding Three Calendar Months, as to them shall seem fit: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall prevent the said Society from proceeding by Indictment or Complaint against the Party complained of; and provided also, that no Party shall be proceeded against by Indictment or Complaint, if a previous Conviction has been obtained for the same Offence under the Provisions of this Act.

A.D. 1829.

10° GEO. IV. C. 56.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful Proceedings for any such Society, by any Rule at any General Meeting, or necessary for the otherwise, to dissolve or determine such Society, so long as the Dissolution of Intents or Purposes declared by such Society, or any of them, "y Society* remain to be carried into Effect, without obtaining the Votes of

Consent of Five Sixths in Value of the then existing Members of such Society, to be ascertained in Manner hereinafter mentioned, and also the Consent of all Persons then receiving or then entitled to receive Relief from such Society, either on Account of Sickness, Age, or Infirmity, to be testified under their Hands individually and respectively; and for the Purpose of ascertaining the Votes of such Five Sixths in Value, every Member shall be entitled to One Vote, and an additional Vote for every Five Years that he may have been a Member: Provided also, that no One Member shall have more than Five Votes in the Whole; and in all Cases of Dissolution, the intended Appropriation or Division of the Funds or other Property of such Society shall be fairly and distinctly stated in the proposed Plan of Dissolution, prior to such Consent being given; nor shall it be lawful for such Society by Stock not divi-any Rule to direct the Division or Distribution of such Stock or sible but for Fund, or any Part thereof, to or amongst the several Members of general Pur-such Society other than for carrying into Effect the general In- P°£so*, th tents and Purposes of such Society, declared by them, and con- lety* firmed by the Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, according to the Directions of this Act; but that all such Rules for the Dissolution or Determination of any such Society, without such Consent as aforesaid, or for the Distribution or Division of the Stock or Fund of such Society, contrary to the Rules which shall have been confirmed by the said Justices at their Sessions, and filed in pursuance of this Act, shall be void and of none Effect; and in the Penalties for il-Event of such Division or Misappropriation of the Funds of such legal' Dissolu-Society, without the Consent hereby declared to be requisite, the ^on or Division Trustee or other Officer or Person aiding or abetting therein shall of Funds# be liable to the like Penalties as are hereinbefore provided for in Cases of Fraud.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Pro- Rules to be vision shall be made by One or more of the Rules of every such made directing Society, to be confirmed as required by this Act, specifying ho" Disputes whether a Reference of every Matter in dispute between any such sba settl*"# Society, or any Person acting under them, and any individual

Member thereof, or Person claiming on account of any Member, shall be made to such of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace as may act in and for the County m which such Society may be formed, or to Arbitrators to be appointed in Manner hereinafter directed; and if the Matter so in dispute shall be referred to Arbi- Appointment tration, certain Arbitrators shall be named and elected at the first of Arbitrators. Meeting of such Society, or General Committee thereof, that shall be held after the Enrolment of its Rules, none of the said Arbi* trators being beneficially interested, directly or indirectly, in the Funds of the said Society, of whom a certain Number, not less than Three, shall be chosen by Ballot in each such Case of Dispute, the Number of the said Arbitrators and Mode of Ballot being determined by the Rules of each Society respectively, the Names of such Arbitrators shall be duly entered in the Book of the said

Society

C. 56.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

948

Justices shall enforce Compliance with the Decision of Arbitrators.

Reference of Disputes to

Society in which the Rules are entered as aforesaid; and in Case of the Death, or Refusal or Neglect of any or all of the said Arbitrators to act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Society, or General Committee thereof, and they are hereby required, at their next Meeting, to name and elect One or more Arbitrator or Arbitrators as aforesaid to act in the Place of the said Arbitrator or Arbitrators so dying, or refusing or neglecting to act as aforesaid; and whatever Award shall be made by the said Arbitrators, or the major Part of them, according to the true Pur-

Sort and Meaning of the Rules of such Society, confirmed by the ustices according to the Directions of this Act, shall be in the Form to this Act annexed, and shall be binding and conclusive on all Parties, and shall be final, to all Intents and Purposes, without Appeal, or being subject to the Controul of One or more Justices of the Peace, and shall not be removed or removable into any Court of Law, or restrained or restrainable by the Injunction of any Court of Equity; and should either of the said Parties in dispute refuse or neglect to comply with or conform to the Decision of the said Arbitrators, or the major Part of them, it shall and may be lawful for any One Justice of the Peace residing within the County within which such Society shall be held, upon good and sufficient Proof being adduced before him of such Award having been made, and of the Refusal of the Party to comply therewith, upon Complaint made by or on Behalf of the Party aggrieved, to summon the Person against whom such Complaint shall be made to appear at a Time and Place to be named in such Summons; and upon his or her Appearance, or in default thereof, upon due Proof, upon Oath, of the Service of such Summons, any Two Justices of the Peace may proceed to make such Order thereupon as to them may seem just; and if the Sum of Money so awarded, together with a Sum for Costs not exceeding the Sum of Ten Shillings, as to such Justices shall seem meet, shall not be immediately paid, then such Justices shall, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, cause such Sum and Costs as aforesaid to be levied by Distress or by Distress and Sale of the Monies, Goods, Chattels, Securities, and Effects belonging to the said Party or to the said Society, or other legal Proceeding, together with all further Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale or other legal Proceeding, returning the Overplus (if any) to the said Party, or to the said Society, or to One of the Treasurers or Trustees thereof; and in default of such Distress being found, or such other legal Proceeding being ineffectual, then to be levied by Distress and Sale of the proper Goods of the said Party, or of the Officer of the said Society, so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, by other legal Proceedings, together with such further Costs and Charges as aforesaid, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner: Provided always, that whatever Sums shall be paid by any such Officer, so levied on his or her Property or Goods in pursuance of the Award of Arbitrators or Order of any Justices, shall be repaid, with all Damages accruing to him or her, by and out of the Monies belonging to such Society, or out of the first Monies which shall be thereafter received by such Society.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if by the Rules of any such Society it is directed that any Matter in.dispute as aforesaid

A.D. 1823 *

10° GEO. IV. C. 56.

34*9

said shall be decided by Justices of the Peace, it shall and may be lawful for any such Justice, on Complaint being made to him of any Refusal or Neglect to comply with the Rules of such Society by any Member or Officer thereof, to summon the Person against whom such Complaint shall be made to appear at a Time and Place to be named in such Summons; and upon his or her Appearance, or in default thereof, upon due Proof, on Oath or Affirmation, of the Service of such Summons, it shall and may be lawful for any Two Justices to proceed to hear and determine the said Complaint according to the Rules of the said Society; and in case the said Justices shall adjudge any Sum of Money to be paid by such Person against whom such Complaint shall be made, and such Person shall not pay such Sum of Money to the Person and at the Time specified by such Justices, they shall proceed to enforce their Award in the Manner herein-before directed to be used in case of any Neglect to comply with the Decision of the Arbitrators appointed under the Authority of this Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Sentence, Order, and Adjudication of any Justices under this Act shall be final and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes, and shall not be subject to Appeal, and shall not be removed or removable into any Court of Law, or restrained or restrainable by the Injunction of any Court of Equity, and that no Suspension, Advocation, or Reduction shall be competent.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Society established under the Authority of this Act from Time to Time to subscribe the Whole or any Part of the Funds of such Society into the Funds of any Institution which shall have taken the Benefit of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Lam relating to Saving Banks, subject to the Provisions in the said last-recited Act contained relating to Friendly Societies.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Society established under Authority of this Act to pay directly into the Bank of England any Sum of Money not being less than Fifty Pounds, to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, upon the Declaration of the Treasurers or Trustees of such Society, or any Two or more of themr that such Monies belong exclusively to the Society for which such Payment is intended to be made; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England are hereby required to receive all such Monies, and to place the same to the Account raised in the Names of the said Commissioners for the Time being in the Books of the Bank of England., denominated " The Fund for the Friendly Societies and in case any such Declaration shall not be true, then and in every such Case the Sum so paid shall be forfeited to the said Commissioners; and all the Clauses and Provisions of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Lam relating to Savings Banksr with respect to the Accounts of Banks for Savings, and the Regulation of Receipts, Certificates, or Order concerning the same, shall be applicable to the Monies so paid into the Bank of England under the Authority of this Act, as if the same had bfeen? repeated herein; Provided nevertheless, that every Society formed

and

Justices, if so directed by the Rules of the Society.

Orders of Justices to be final.

Funds may be subscribed into Savings Bank;

9 G.4. c. 92.

or into the Bank of England, on Receipts.

Societies enrolled under

C. 56.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

59 G-3. c. 128. primr to

28th July 1828, entitled to 3d. per Cent, per Diem.

Minora may be Members, and have legal Authority to act.

Societies shall moke annual Audits and Statements of the Funds to the Members.

Returns to be made to the Clerks of the Peace at certain Periods.

and enrolled previous to the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, under the Provisions of an Act made and passed in the said Fifty-ninth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the further Protection and Encouragement of Friendly Societies, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses therein, shall, on paying* Money directly into the Bank of England as aforesaid, be entitled to receive Receipts bearing Interest at the Rate of Three-pence per Centum per Diem, any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; provided also, that no Friendly Society which already has invested or may hereafter invest any Money with the said Commissioners, shall be entitled to re-deposit any Sum or Sums of Money with them, without the Consent of the said Commissioners, or on their Behalf by the Comptroller General or Assistant Comptroller General under the said Commissioners.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That a Minor may become a Member of any such Society, and shall be empowered to execute all Instruments, give all necessary Acquittances, and enjoy all the Privileges and be liable to all the Responsibilities appertaining to Members of matured Age, notwithstanding his or her Incapacity or Disability in Law to act for himself or herself: Provided always, that such Minor be admitted into such Society by and with the Consent of his or her Parents, Masters, or Guardians.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Rules of every such Society shall provide that the Treasurers, Trustees, Stewards, or other principal Officer thereof shall, once in every Year at least, prepare or cause to be prepared a general Statement of the Funds and Effects of or belonging to such Society, specifying in whose Custody or Possession the said Funds or Effects shall be then remaining, together with an Account of all and every the various Sums of Money received and expended by or on Account of the said Society since the Publication of the preceding periodical Statement; and every such periodical Statement shall be attested by Two or more Members of such Society appointed Auditors for that Purpose, and shall be countersigned by the Secretary or Clerk of such Society; and every Member shall be entitled to receive from the said Society a Copy of such periodical Statement, on Payment of such Sum as the Rules of such Society may require, not exceeding the Sum of Sixpence.

XXXIV. And Whereas it is desirable, for the better Security of such Societies, that correct Calculations of Tables of Payment and Allowances, dependent on the Duration of Sickness and the Probabilities of Human Life, may be constructed for their Assistance: And Whereas the present existing Data on these Subjects have been found imperfect and inefficient Be it therefore further enacted, That every such Society established or to be established under the Authority of this Act shall, within Three Months after the Expiration of the Month of December (tee thousand eight hundred and thirty-five, and so again within Three Months after the Expiration of every further Period of Five Years, transmit to the Clerk of the Peace for the County wherein such Society is held a Return of the Rate of Sickness and Mortality experienced by the said Society within the before-mentioned Period of Five Years, according to the Form prescribed in the

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 56. 35J

Schedule appended to this Act, a Copy whereof shall be annexed to die Rules of each Society respectively.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Clerks of the Returns to be

Peace shall, within One Month after the Expiration of the Month transmitted to of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, and so again of -j

within One Month after the Expiration of every further Period of befo« Parlia-Five Years, transmit to One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries meQt

of State a List of the Societies which have been enrolled during such Period under this Act, specifying their Names, the Places where they have been established, and Date of Enrolment, and Time of ceasing to exist, if such Case should arise, and also a Copy of the Returns of Sickness and Mortality herein-befture directed to be made to them according to the Schedule (A.); a Copy of which List, with the Schedule attached to it, shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within One Month then next ensuing, if Parliament shall be sitting, or within One Month after the Time when Parliament shall next sit.

XXXVI. And be it turther enacted, That should any such Penalty ou Society refuse or neglect to transmit or cause to be transmitted Societies not the aforesaid Returns of Sickness and Mortality in the Manner

and within the Time herein-before directed, the Clerk of the Peace urns' within each County shall give immediate Notice to such Society, that unless the said Return is made within Twenty-one Days from the Date of such Notice, the said Society will, and thereupon shall, cease to be entitled to the Privileges of this Act, unless good and sufficient Cause be shewn to the Justices at their then next ensuing General or Quarter Sessions why such Returns could not be made.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Copy of Rules, Exemption Power, Warrant, or Letter of Attorney granted or to be granted from Stamp by any Persons as Trustee of any Society established under this Duties *

Act, for the Transfer of any Share in the Public Funds standing

in the Name of such Trustee, nor any Receipts given for any Dividend in any Public Stock or Fund or Interest of Exchequer Bills, nor any Receipt, nor any Entry in any Book of Receipt, for Money deposited in the Funds of any such Society, nor for any Money received by any Member, his or her Executors or Administrators,

Assigns or Attornies, from the Funds of such Society, nor any.

Bond nor other Security to be given to or on Account of any such Society, or by the Treasurer or Trustee or any Officer thereof, nor any Draft or Order, nor any Form of Assurance, nor any Appointment of any Agent, nor any Certificate or other Instrument for the Revocation of any such Appointment, nor any other Instrument or Document whatever required or authorized to be given, issued, signed, made, or produced in pursuance of this Act, shall be subject or liable to or charged with any Stamp Duty or Duties whatsoever.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Word "Society" Construction of in this Act shall be understood to include Friendly Society or Act. Societies, Institution or Institutions; the Word " Rules " to include Rules, Orders, and Regulations; the Word " County " to include County, Riding, Division, or Place; and the Words " Treasurer or Trustee" to include Treasurers or Trustees; and the Word " Person" to include Persons; and the Word " Book" to

include

C. 56i

10G GEO. IV.

A.D.

Act to extend to all present and future Societies.

Societies already enrolled to conform to this Act within Three Years.

[Public Act.]

include Books; and the Word " Bond" to include Bonds;" Name99 to include Names;" Account " to include Accounts;" Member " to include Members and Honorary Members;" Clerk of the Peace" to include Town Ulerk; unless it be otherwise specially provided.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall extend to all Friendly Societies hereafter to be established, and also to Societies already established, as soon as they shall think fit to conform to the Provisions thereof.

XL. And be it further enacted, That provided Societies already enrolled shall not conform to the Provisions of this Act within the Space of Three Years from the passing of this Act, the said Societies shall then cease to be entitled to the Privileges and Provisions of any or either of the herein-before repealed Acts: Provided nevertheless, that the Provisions of the herein-before repealed Acts shall continue in Force as to all Societies established under any or either of them before the passing of this Act for the said Space of Three Years, or until they shall sooner conform to the Provisions of this Act.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed a Public Act, and shall extend to Great Britain and Ireland and Berwick-upon-Tweed, and be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without the same being specially shown or pleaded.

SCHEDULE

9S'0 *AI OaOoOI; 6S8T*a'V

SCHEDULE (A..)

LIST- of the Members of the Society, held at, established on the; with a Return

of the Sickness and Mortality experienced therein for the Period of Five Years, commencing January First, 18, and

ending December Slst, 18.

o5 W Trade or Profession. Date of Birth. Date of Admission into the Society. Date of becoming a Free Member. For what Time entitled to Relief on account of Sickness, For what Time entitled to Relief on account of Superannuation, >» 0 1 Place of Residence at Time of Death. REMARKS.

In 18 In 18 In 18 In 18 In 18 In 18 In 18 In 18 In 18 In 18

Weeks. Days. Weeks. Q Weeks. Days. Weeks. Days. Weeks. in Weeks. Days. i Days. p* 1 sx«a Weeks. Days- Weeks.

[N.B. — This Column may be filled up with Initials.] - -

10 Geo. IV. A a Form

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Form of Award

WE, the major Part of the Arbitrators duly appointed by the " Society established at in the County

of do hereby award and order, That A.B. [specifying

by Name the Party or the Officer of the Society ] do* on the Day of, pay to C. Z). the Sum of [or,

we do hereby reinstate in or expel A.B. from the said Society [as the Case may be]. Dated this Day of

One thousand eight hundred and

E. F.

G. H.

Form of Bond.

IT NOW all Men by these Presents, That we, A. B* of Treasurer [or Trustee, &c.] of the Society

established at in the county of , and

C.D. of and G.H. of (as Sureties on

Behalf of the said A.B.), are jointly and severally held and firmly bound to E. F., the present Clerk of the Peace [or Town Clerk] for the County [or County of a City, or County of a Town, Riding, Division, or Place, os the Case may be, '] of in the

Sum ef to be paid to the said E.F. as such Clerk

of the Peace, [or Town Clerk,] or his Successor, Clerk of the Peace [or Town Clerk] of the said County [or County of a City, Ac.] for the Time being, or his certain Attorney; for which Payment well and truly to be made we jointly and severally bind ourselves, and each of us by himself, our and each of our Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, firmly by these Presents, sealed with our Seals. Dated the Day of in the

Year of our Lord

"Whereas the above-bounden A.B. hath been duly appointed Treasurer [or Trustee, Ac.] of the Society established

ps aforesaid, and he, together with the above-bounden C.D. and (7. H. as his Sureties, have entered into the above-written Bond,

subject to the Condition hereinafter contained; now, therefore, the Condition of the above-written Bond is such, that if the said A.B. shall and do justly and faithfully execute his Office of Treasurer [or Trustee] of the said Society established as aforesaid, and shall and do render a just and true Account of all Monies received and paid by him, and shall and do pay over all the Monies remaining m his Hands, and assign and transfer or deliver all Securities and Effects, Books, Papers, and Property of or belonging to the said Society in his Hands or Custody to such Person or Persons as the said Society shall appoint, according to the Rules of the said So* piety, together with the proper or legal Receipts or Vouchers for Such Payments, and likewise shall and do in all Respects well and truly and faithfully perform and fulfil his Office of Treasurer [or Trustee, Ac*] to the said Society, according to the Rules thereof^ then the above-written Bond shall be void and of no Effect, otherwise shall be end remain in full Force and Virtue.

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 57, 58.

£55

CAP. LVII.

An Act to continue until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty the Powers of the Commissioners for enquiring concerning Charities in England and Wales.

[19th June 1829.]

[58 G. S. c. 91. and 59 G. 3. c. 81. continued till 1st July, 1830.]

CAP. LVIII.

An Act to repeal an Act of the Parliament of Ireland, of the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, for uniting several Parishes, and building several Parish Churches in more convenient Places, so far as relates to the Parishes of Oran and JJrwmtemple in the Diooess of Elpkin.

[19th June 1829.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled 9 Anne, c. 12.

An Act for uniting several Parishes, and building several Parish

Churches in more convenient Places, whereby, after reciting that the Parishes of Oran and Drumtemple in the Diocess of Elpkin

were fit to be united, and that the ancient Church of Oran within

the said Parish of Oran was conveniently situated for the Parishioners of the said Parishes to repair unto, were the same rebuilt, it was enacted, that it should and might be lawful to and for the Bishop of the said Diocess, with the Approbation of the Archbishop of the Province, and the Consent of the respective Patrons, Incumbents, and the major Part of the Inhabitants of the said Parishes, to order the Church to be rebuilt at Oran in the

said Parish of Oran, and to unite the said Parishes of Oran and Drumtemple; and that the said Parishes so united should be called by the Name of the Parish of Oran; and that the Inhabit-

ants of the said United Parish should from Time to Time be liable to and chargeable with building and keeping in Repair the said Church of Oran, which was for ever to be deemed and

taken to be One Parish to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever:

* And Whereas after the passing of the said Act the said Parishes of Oran and Drumtemple were episcopally united with Three other Parishes, namely, the Parish of Donamon, the Parish of Kilcrotvan, and the Parish of BattynakUl, all in the said Diocess of Elpkin, which Union still subsists: And Whereas, in conse *

quence of the great Extent of the said Union, it may be expedient hereafter to disunite the said Parishes, or to divide the said Union into Two Parts, One to consist of the said Parishes of Oran and Drumtemple, and the other to consist of the said Parishes of Donamon, Kilcrotvan, and Ballynakill: And Whereas no Church has since the passing of the said Act been built or rebuilt, pursuant thereto, in the said Parishes thereby united, or either of them; and foe said Union of the said Five Parishes now contains only One Church, which m in the said Parish of Donamon, and is extremely remote from other Parts of the said Union: And Whereas the Trustees and Commissioners of the First Fruits of the several Benefices in Ireland have granted the Sum of Nine

C. 58, 59.

10° GEO. IV;

558

A.D. 1829.

hundred Pounds, late Irish Currency, for building a Church in the said Parish of Drumterriple, being Part of the Union created by the said Act; and a Site for such new Church has been

selected in the Village of Ballymoe in the said Parish, as being more eligible than the Site of Oran, mentioned in the said Act;

but such new Church cannot, by reason of* the said Act, -be

erected at any other Place in the said Union of Oran and Drumtemple than Oran aforesaid, which has on various Accounts become unfit for that Purpose; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, '

Recited Act in That so much of the said Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Part repealed. Reign of Queen Anne as is herein-before recited shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

A new Church

II. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and to be erected in for the Bishop of the said Diocess, with the Approbation of the BlnVIIlage of Archbishop of the Province, and the Consent of the respective Pa-ymoe* trons of the said Parishes of Oran and Drumtemple, to order or direct such new Church to be erected in the said Village of J9a/-lymoe, or any other Place in either of the said Parishes which to such Bishop shall appear most convenient.

[Public Act.]

III. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ire-2 G. i. c. 14.(7.) 1 lan(l in the Second Year of the Reign of King George the First *

intituled An Act for real Union and Division of Parishes, reciting *

that there might be Occasion thereafter for malting an Act or Acts of Parliament for the uniting or disuniting of particular Parishes or Parts of Parishes, or erecting particular Churches, it was enacted, that all such Acts of Parliament for the aforesaid

Purposes only, or any of them, should be deemed as Public and General Acts in all Courts and by all Persons, and that no Fee- should be paid or taken by any Person or Persons for passing any such Act of Parliament: And Whereas it is expedient that a like Provision should be made in this Case; Be it therefore enacted* That this present Act shall be deemed a Public and General Act* and shall be judicially taken notice of as such in all Courts, and by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded* and that no Fees shall be paid or taken by any Person for passing the same.

CAP. LIX.

An Act to amend an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for consolidating the Trusts of the several Turnpike Roads in the Neighbourhood of the Metropolis, North of the River Thames, and to make and maintain Two New or* Branch Roads to communicate with the said Metropolis Roads.

[19th June 1829.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of tha 7 G.4. c.cxlii. ' n Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for con-.

solidating the Trusts of the several Turnpike Roads in the Neigh- bourhoodof the Metropolis, North of the River Thames, the several Roads in the Neighbourhood or the Metropolis, North of tha River Thames, which are particularly mentioned and described 11 4 in

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 50.

351

in the First Schedule thereto annexed, were placed under the Management of Commissioners appointed and to be appointed

by and under the said Act: And Whereas it is desirable that the said Commissioners should be empowered to make and maintain

the New or Branch Roads hereinafter described, and that such

Alterations and Amendments as are hereinafter mentioned should be made in the said recited Act: May it therefore please Your

Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King*s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Time being acting in Execution of the said recited Act to make and maintain the Three several New or Branch Roads hereinafter described; (that is to say,) a new Road from the Stamford Hill Road in the Parish of Tottenham, in the said County of Middlesex, nearly opposite to certain Trees called the Seven Sisters, passing across Hangers Lane, across the Green Lanes Roads near to the Termination of Manor Road and Hornsey Wood Lane, across Stroud Green Lane, along Heam Lane, across Duval's Lane, now called Hornsey Road, passing at Holloway across the Road from London to Highgate, and terminating in the Camden Town Road in the Parish of Islington, in the said County of Middlesex; also a new Road, or Diversion of the old Road, from and out of, the said Stamford Hill Road, between the Ninth and Tenth Mile Stones on the Enfield Highway in the Parish of Enfield, in the same County of Middlesex, commencing at the Wheelwright's Yard nearly opposite a Road leading from Enfield Highway aforesaid to jForty Hill in the said Parish of Enfield, and terminating at the Baker's Shop; and also a New Road or Branch Road from the Lea Bridge Road, at or near the Sixth Mile Stone on the said Road, in the Parish of Walthamstow, in the County of Essex, passing across Epping Forest, and terminating at the Turnpike Road from London to Epping, in the County of Essex, about Three hundred Yards on the London Side of the Castle Inn in the Parish of Woodford, in the said County of Essex.

II. And Whereas Two several Maps or Plans describing the

respective Lines of the said Two several first-mentioned intended New or Branch Roads, and the Lands and Hereditaments through which the same are respectively intended to be carried, together with Two several Books of Reference containing Lists of the

Names of the Owners or reputed Owners and Occupiers of such Lands and Hereditaments, have been deposited in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex; and a 4 Map or Plan describing the Line of the said intended New or Branch Road lastly described, and the Lands and Hereditaments

through which the same is intended to be carried, together with

a Book of Reference containing a List of the Names of the Owners or reputed Owners and Occupiers of such Lands and Hereditaments, hath been deposited in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Essex; Be it therefore enacted, That the said several Maps or Plans and Books of Reference shall remain in the Custody of the respective Clerks of the Peace for the said Counties of Middlesex and Essex for the Time being, to

Power to make the New Roads herein described.

Map and Book of Reference deposited with the Clerks of the Reace to remain there, and be open to Inspection.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

W6 c

Roads not to deviate from Flan.

Power to take down Houses, &c. mentioned in Schedule.

the End that all Persons may at all seasonable Times hate Liberty to inspect and peruse the same respectively, and to take Copies thereof or Extracts therefrom, paying to such Clerks of the Peace respectively the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection, and after the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words of such Copies or Extracts; and the said Commissioners shall not, in making the said intended New or Branch Roads, deviate more than One hundred Yards from the Line described in the Map or Plan applicable to each particular Road respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Hereditaments such Deviation shall be made.

III. And be it further enacted, That, for the Purpose of making the said intended New or Branch Roads, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners not only to purchase, take, and use the Lands and Hereditaments through which the said New or Branch Roads are in the said Maps or Plans and Books of Reference described as intended to be carried, but also to purchase, acquire, take down, and use the Houses, Buildings, Orchards, Gardens, and other Hereditaments mentioned and described in the Schedule to thia Act annexed, or such of them as the said Commissioners shall think

Errors in Book of Reference or Schedule not to impede Execution of Act.

Course of the New River not to be diverted or impeded.

proper *

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to make the said New or Branch Roads, and every of them, into, through, across, or over any Lands or Grounds described or intended to be described on either of the said Maps or Plans, and for the Purpose of making the same, to purchase, take down, and use any of the Houses, Buildings, Orchards, Gardens, and other Hereditaments described or intended so to be in the said Schedule hereto annexed, or any of them, although the same Lands, Grounds, Houses, Buildings, Orchards, Gardens, and other Hereditaments, or the Name or Names of the Owner or Owners or Occupier or Occupiers thereof, may happen to be erroneously stated or omitted in the said Books of Reference, or in the said Schedule to this Act annexed, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County in which such Lands, Grounds, Houses, Buildings, Orchards, Gardens, or other Hereditaments shall be situate, and shall be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake.

V. And inasmuch as the projected Line of the said New or Branch Road from the Seven Sisters to the Camden Town Road is intended to cross the Channel or Course of the New River Cut

or Stream, within the Prebendal Manor and Estate of Stoke Newington; Be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to alter or divert the Course of the said New River, or, in building the Bridge which will be requisite where such Road will cross the said River, to narrow the Channel thereof, or in any Manner impede the free Course of the said Cut or Stream, without the Concurrence and Consent of the Governor and Company of the said New River, to be signified by some Writing under the Hand of their Surveyor for the Time being.

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV.

C

m

VI. Provided always, and be it farther charted* That id Case the TheN*w raid Commissioners shall not make the said intended New or Branch Roads to be Roads within the Space of Seven Years from the passing of this ^de ^diin Act, then and in such Case it shall not be lawful for the said Cora- Years* missioners to make the same without the Consent in Writing of the Owners of the Lands over and through which silch Roads shall thereafter be made first had and obtained *

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of January next after the passing of this Act, the Roads men* tkmed and described in the Fifth, Eighth, and Eleventh Parts of ionger to be''* the First Schedule annexed to tEe said recited Act shall cease to repaired by be maintained, repaired, lighted, watched, or watered by the Com* Commissioner* missioners acting in Execution of that Act, with the Exceptions *"der recited. hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say,) so much of the Road men- Act* tiened and described in the said Fifth Part of the said First Sche* dole to the said Act as lies between the Carriage Bridge over the Regent's Canal at Maida Hill and KUbum Bridge, in the County of Middlesex; and the following Roads and Parts of Roads mentioned and described in the said Eighth Part of the said First -

Schedule to the said Act; (that is to sav,) the Road commencing at the Angel at Islington, but in the Parish of Clerkenwell, and leading from thence through Holloway to Highgate Gatehouse; the Branch Road diverting at the Turnpike Gate at IsUngtonf running to the West of the Town of Islington, and joining with the said last-mentioned Road at Holloway* and commonly called the Back Road; the Road from Lower Street, Islington, to Newington Green, called the Lower Road; the Road called Gross Street, from the Upper Street to the Lower Street; and the Road from Balls Pond Gate to Kingsland; the Road commencing at Battle Bridge* and leading from thence, by Saint Pancras Church, through Kentish Town, to Highgate Gatehouse; the Road commencing at Saint James's Chapel, in the Parish of Saint Pancras, leading from thence through Camden Town, and uniting with the said last-mentioned Road at or near a Public House called the Black Horse, at Kentish Town;

the Road leading from the said last-mentioned Road to Hampstead, and terminating at or near a Public House called the Red Lion; the Branch Road from the said Highgate to the said Hampstead Road, called Figg Lane; which Roads and Parts of Roads so excepted shall, for all Purposes of maintaining, repairing watching, lighting, and watering the same respectively, continue subject to the Provisions of the said recited Act. '

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Roads and Such Roads Parts of Roads Which, under the Provision lastly hereinbefore from that Pe-contained, shall, from and after the said First Day of January, *\be cease to be maintained and repaired, watched, watered, or lighted, SmRiri!*.' by the said Commissioners acting in Execution of the said recited a, d to bemaia^ Act, shall from thenceforth be deemed and considered to be com- tamed and re- j sum Highways, and shall be maintained, repaired, watched, watered, paired as such, j and lighted by the Parishes in which the same are respectively I

situate, by the respective Surveyors or Persons appointed or to be j

appointed under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign, of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament the Statutes new in being for the Amendment and Present-

ation \

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1828.

866

ll

I

Not to extend to watching and lighting til certain Cams *

The Maintenance of the Rood from Oxford Street to Maida Hill divided between the Parishes of Marylebone and Paddington.

Highways in St. Pancras subject as other

C. 59 *

atton of the public Highways in that Part of Great Britain called England, and far other Purposes; and the Expences thereof may1 and shall be assessed and levied, under the Provisions of the said Act, upon the Whole of, such Parish or Parishes, any Act of Parliament T Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to the Watching, lighting, or watering any Parts of the said Roads which are at present watched, watered, or lighted under any Act or Acts of Parliament; but the Provisions of this Act shall in such Case only extend to the maintaining and repairing of such Parts of the said Roads.

X. And Whereas the Parishes of Saint Marylebone and Paddington extend on either Side to the Centre of the Road from

Oxford Street to the said Carriage Bridge over the Regent's Canal

at Maida Hilly being a Portion of the Roads mentioned and de* 4 scribed in the Fifth Part of the First Schedule annexed to the said recited Act, and hereinbefore directed to be maintained and repaired as common Highways by the Parishes in which such + Roads are situated; and for the Purposes of such Maintenance and Repair it will be expedient that such Road shall be main- tamed and repaired by the said several Parishes in longitudinal Proportions, as for that Purpose next hereinafter specified Be it further enacted, That the Parish of Saint Marylebone shall main* tain and repair so much of the Carriageway of the said Road, from Channel to Channel, as extends Northward from Oxford Street to the South Side of Chapel Street, in a Line across to the South Side of Praed Street; and the Parish of Paddington shall maintain and repair the remaining Portion of the said Road as far as the South Side of the said Carriage Bridge over the Regent's Canal at Maida Hill; and that for the Purposes of such Repair and Maintenance the said Two several Portions of the said Road shall be deemed to be within the said Parishes of Saint Marylebone and Paddington respectively, and shall be subject to the sole Orders, Controul, and Jurisdiction of the Vestrymen of the said Parishes respectively, as the Case may be; and that no Alteration whatsoever shall be made in the Level of the Channels of the said Road, or any Portion thereof, without the mutual Consent of the Vestries of the said Two Parishes for that Purpose in Writing first had and obtained: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to alter the Boundaries of the said Two several Parishes, nor to vary any Jurisdiction as to the Footways of the said Road, or as to the Houses, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments abutting on the said Road, and the Parochial Rates or Assessments thereon; but that the Boundaries of the said Two several Parishes, and the Jurisdiction over the Footways of the said Road, and the present and all future Parochial Rates or Assessments upon the Houses, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments abutting on the said Road, shall continue in full Force and Effect as if this Act had not been made; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Roads and Parts of Roads within the said Parish of Saint Pancras* and by this Act declared to be common Highways, shall be subject to the

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. ft 59 *

same Controul and Management, and be repaired and maintained from the same Funds (except as to Limitation of Expenditure), as the Highways and Footnatns within the said Parish are by Law subject and liable to and chargeable upon; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding,

XII. And be it further enacted, That within One Calendar Month next after the said First Day of January the said Commissioners acting in Execution of the said recited Act shall cause all the Toll Gates, Bars, and Side Gates which have been set up upon or by the Side of the several Roads and Parts of Roads which, under the Provision herein-before contained, will, from and after the said first Day of *January, cease to be maintained, repaired, watched, watered, and lighted by the said Commissioners, to be pulled down fund removed, and the Materials to be sold; and the said Commissioners shall apply the Monies arising from such Sale to the general Purposes of the said Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said First Day of January no Rate or Assessment shall be made, under the Authority of the said recited Act, upon any Person, by reason of his or her inhabiting, holding, using, possessing, occupying, or enjoying any House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, or other Building, Yard, Garden, or Ground within Two hundred Yards of that Part of the Road mentioned and described in the Fifth Part of the First Schedule annexed to the said Act, which will, under the Provisions herein-before contained, cease to be maintained, repaired, watched, watered, or lighted by the Commissioners acting in Execution of the said recited Act or within One hundred Yards of any Part of the Roads mentioned and described in the Eighth Part of the First Schedule annexed to the said Act, which will also, under the Provisions herein-before contained, cease to be maintained, repaired, watched, watered, and lighted by the said Commissioners; but in all other Respects the powers of rating given by the said recited Act, and all Provisions relating thereto, shall continue in full Force and Virtue.

XIV. And Whereas by the said recited Act of the Seventh Year aforesaid it was enacted, That the clear yearly Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments therein mentioned to be vested in the Keepers and Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods of the Free Grammar School of John Lyon, within the Town of Harrow-on-the-Hill in the County of Middlesex, in Trust as therein mentioned, should, after paying the Expences of the said Keepers and Governors, be paid over annually by them into the Bank of England, to the Credit of the Commissioners acting in Execution of that Act, who should pay over One equal Seventeenth Part of so much of the said Rents and Profits as should have arisen from the Lands and Hereditaments conveyed by the Indenture of the Nineteenth Day of December in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, in the said Act particularly mentioned, to the Vestry of the Parish

of Paddington, or as they should direct, to be by them applied in or towards the repairing, improving, watching, watering, and

lighting of so much of the Road from London to Harrow as lies

between the Red Lion Inn at Paddington and the first Carriage .* Bridge over the Grand Junction Canal, and should apply the

£61

Parts of the Parish.

Turnpikes to be removed from such Roads.

No Rate for Houses on such Roads.

Repealing Provision in Act 7G.4. directing a certain Payment to the Parish of Paddington.

10° GEO. IV.

set

remaining Sixteen Seventeenth Rets of the sold last-mentioned

clear Rents and Profits, pursuant to the Provision of that Act, in repairing, improving, watching, watering# and lighting the Roads mentioned and described in the Fifth and Sixth Parts of the said First Schedule thereto annexed; and should apply so much of the clear yearly Rents and Profits as should have arisen from the Lands and Hereditaments conveyed by the Indenture of the Sixth Day of July in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, in the said Act particularly mentioned, puroctant to the Provisions of that Act, in the first Place, in repairing, improving, watching, watering, and lighting the Roads mentioned and described in the Fifth and Seventh Parts of the said First Schedule thereto annexed, and, subject thereto, in repairing, improving, watching, watering, and lighting the Road mentioned and described in the Sixth Part of the said First Schedule thereto annexed: And Whereas Parts of the Roads which the said Rents and Profits respectively are by the said Act directed to be applied by the said Commissioners in repairing, improving, watching, watering, and lighting, will, under the Provisions herein *

before contained, cease to be maintained and repaired by the

said Commissioners, and a Portion thereof will be maintained and repaired by the said Parish of Paddington, and the other Part thereof by the Parish of Saint Marylebone / and it is proper therefore that corresponding Portions of the said Rents and Pro *

fits should be paid by the said Commissioners to the said Parishes respectively *9 Be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the said First Day of January next, so much of the said recited Act as directs the Payment and Application of the said Rents and Profits in Manner aforesaid by the said Commissioners, from and after the said First Day of January next, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

Directing certain Payments

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time, as and when they shall receive the same, of the Rents of pfty to tjj0 Vestry of the said Parish of Paddington, or as they shall filtatnkidie direct, One equal Eleventh Part of the clear yearly Rents and Pro-ParuhesofPad. which shall arise from the Lands and Hereditaments conveyed dington and by the said Indenture of the Nineteenth Day of December in the Marylebone. Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, from and after the said First Day of January next; and the said Ode Eleventh Part of the said Rents and Profits shall be applied by the said Vestry in or towards the repairing, improving, watching, watering, and lighting of so much of the Koad from London to Harrow as lies between the South Side of Chapel Street aforesaid and the first Carriage Bridge over the Grand Junction Canal on the Harrow Road \ and that the said Commissioners shall pay to the Vestrymen of the Parish of Saint Marylebone, or as they shall direct, Thre6 equal Twentieth Parts of the said last-mentioned Rents and Profits, to be by the said last-mentioned Vestrymen applied in or towards dse repairing, improving, watching, watering, and lighting of so much of the Road from Saint Giles's Pound to Harrow-on-the-Hill as, under the Provisions herein-before contained, will be maintained and repaired by the said Parish of Saint Marylebone; and that the said Commissioners shall also pay to the said Vestry of the Parish of Paddington, or as they shall direct, Two equal Thirty-

ninth

10° GEO. IV. C. 59.

ninth Parts of the dear yearly Rents and Profits which shall arise from the Lands and Hereditaments conveyed by the said Indenture of the Sixth Day of July in the Twenty-first Year of Queen Elizabeth, and be received by the said Commissioners after the said First Day of January next, to be by the said Vestry applied in or towards the repairing, improving, watching, watering, and lighting of so much of the Road from Saint Giles's Pound to Edge* ware as, under the Provisions herein-before contained, will be repaired and maintained by the said Parish of Paddington; and shall also pay to the said Vestrymen of the Parish of Saint Marylebone, or as they shall direct, Seven equal Thirty-ninth Parts of the Said last-mentioned clear yearly Rents and Profits, to be by the said last-mentioned Vestrymen applied in or towards the repairing, improving, watching, watering, and lighting of so much of the said Road from Saint Giles's Pound to Edgeware as, under the Provisions herein-before contained, will be maintained and repaired by the said last-mentioned Parish; and the said Commissioners shall apply the Residue of the clear yearly Rents and Profits which shall arise from the Lands and Hereditaments conveyed by the said Indenture of the Nineteenth Day of December in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, towards the repairing and improving of the Roads comprised in the Sixth District hereinafter described; and shall apply the Residue of the clear yearly Rents and Profits which shall arise from the Lands and Hereditaments conveyed by the said Indenture of the Sixth Day of July in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth* in the first Place, towards the repairing and improving of the Roads comprised in the Seventh and Eighth Districts hereinafter described, and, subject thereto, in or towards the repairing and improving of the Roads comprised in the said Sixth District.

XVI. And Whereas Edward Harvist, Citizen and Brewer of London, by his Will, bearing Date the First Day of February One thousand six hundred and ten, gave to the Master, Wardens, and Commonalty of the Art or Mystery of Brewers of the City of London, and their Successors, Two Closes of Meadow called London Fields, with the Appurtenances, situate in or near Holloway in the Parish of Islington, in the said County of Middlesex, to the Intent that the said Master, Wardens, and Commonalty should employ all the Rents and Profits thereof (except Forty Shillings) upon the repairing and amending of the Highway

between Tyburn and Edgeware (in the said Will called Edgesworth) in the said County of Middlesex t And Whereas it is proper that proportionate Parts of the said Rents and Profits (the Whole of which are, under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Seventh Year aforesaid, accounted for and paid over to the Commissioners acting in Execution of that Act,) should be paid over by the said Commissioners to the said Parishes of Paddington and Saint Marylebone, by whom Portions of the said Road from Tyburn to Edgeware will, under the Provisions herein-be-? fore contained, be maintained and repaired Be it therefore further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall (from Time to Time, as and when the same shall be received by them,) pay to the Vestry of the Parish of Paddington, or as they shall direct. One equal Sixteenth Part of the said last-mentioned Rents and Profits

Directing certain Payments of the Rents of Edward Harrises Estates to the Parishes of Paddington and Marylebone.

C. 59.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

which shall arise after the said First Day of January next, to be applied by the said Vestry ia or towards the repairing and improving of so much of the Road from Tyburn to Edgeware as, under the Provisions herein-before contained, will be maintained and repaired by the said Parish of Paddington; and shall pay to the Vestrymen of the Parish of Saint Marylebone, or as they shall direct, One other equal Sixteenth Part of the said last-mentioned Rents and Profits, to be by the said last-mentioned Vestrymen applied in or towards the repairing and improving of so much of the Road from Tyburn to Edgeware as, under the Provisions herein-before contained, will be maintained and repaired by the said Parish of Saint Marylebone; and shall apply the Residue of the said last-mentioned Kents and Profits in or towards the repairing and improving of the Roads comprised in the Seventh and Eighth Districts hereinafter, described.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said First Day of January the several Tolls mentioned in the Second Schedule to the said recited Act, and by the said Act authorized to be taken, shall cease to be payable.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said First Day of January the Several Roads for the Time being under the Superintendence and Management of the Commissioners acting in Execution of the said recited Act shall, for the Purpose of collecting Tolls thereon, be divided into the following Districts; (that is to say,)

The First District, comprising that Part of the Great Western or Old Brentford Road beginning at the West Side of the Great Sewer commonly called the Ranelagh Sewer, at Knightsbridge, and continuing through the Towns of Kensington, Hammersmith, and Brentford, to Brentford Bridge; the Roads from Knightsbridge to Fulham Bridge; and from Fulham, through Fulham Fields, to the Corner of the Garden Wall formerly belonging to Michael Impey deceased, opposite the Chapel at Hammersmith; and from Walham Green to the said Great Western Road near the East End of the Town of Hammersmith; and from the House known by the Sign of the Bell and Horns, at Brompton, to EarVs Court, and from thence to the said Great Western Road near Holland House; and from the West Side of the said Sewer called 'Ranelagh Sewer, near Chelsea Bunkouse, to the North End of Battersea Bridge in the Parish of Chelsea; and from Chelsea Church, along Hogmore Lane, to the said Great Western Road near the East End of the Town of Kensington; and from Chelsea Hospital by Blacklands, to the Road leading from Knightsbridge to Fulham; and from the Kings Arms in Fulham to the Entrance to the King's Road; which said several Roads lie within the Parishes of Saint Margaret Westminster, Saint Mary Abbots Kensington, Saint Luke Chelsea, AU Saints Fulham, Chiswick, Ealing, and Hanwell, in the said County of Middlesex:

The Second District* comprising that Part of the said Great Western Road which leads from Brentford Bridge aforesaid, through the Town of Hounslow, to the Bridge near the Powder Mills in the Parish of Bedfont; the Road leading from Hounslow aforesaid to Cranford Bridge / the Road leading out of the said Great

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 59.

S6S

Great Western Road at or near a Public House known by the Sign of the Coach and Horses, through Sion Lane and the Towns and Parishes of Isleworth, Twickenham, and Teddington, to the Gate on the South Side of Teddington Field in the Road to Kingston Bridge; and also the Road or Highway called Pound JLune or Lower Wood Lane, leading out of the said Great Western Road near Smallbury Green Turnpike, to a Public House known by the Sign of the George, in the Town of Isleworth aforesaid;

all in the County of Middlesex:

The Third. District, comprising so much of the Road between Tyburn and the Town of Uxbridge in the Parish of Hillingdon,

. in the County of Middlesex, as lies between Tyburn aforesaid and the Seventh Mile Stone on the said Road; and the Road called Church Lane, leading from the House known by the Name" of the Swan, at Kensington Gravel Pits, to the Town of Kensington:

The Fourth District, comprising the Remainder of the said Road between Tyburn and Uxbridge; namely, that Part of the said Road which lies between the said Seventh Mile Stone on thC said Road and the said Town of Uxbridge; and the Road leading from Brent Bridge, over Hanwell Heath, through the Parishes of New Hanwell, New Brentford, and Ealing, to the Great Western Road and the Wharfs on the River Thames:

The Fifth District, comprising an intended new Road leading from the said Road between Tyburn and Uxbridge, at Shepherd's Hush Common in the Parish of Fulham and Hamlet of Hammersmith, to* the said Great Western Road near Tumham Green in the Parish of Acton:

The Sixth District, comprising the Road from the first Carriage Bridge over the Grand Junction Canal at Paddington to Harrow-on-the-Hill in the County of Middlesex; and a Branch Road from the said Road, at or near a Place called Chelsea Reach, between the Second and Third Mile Stones on the said Road, to the Road next hereinafter described as forming the Seventh District, at of near to Pine-Apple Nursery otherwise Pine-Apple Place:

The Seventh District, comprising the Road from the Carriage Bridge over the Regent's Canal at Maida Hill to Kilburn Bridge, and the Continuation of the same Road from Kilburn Bridge to the Seventh Mile Stone on the same Road:

The Eighth District, comprising the remaining Portion of the said' last-mentioned Road, commencing at the said Seventh Mile Stone, leading from thence through the Town of Edgeware, and terminating at Sparrows Herne, in the County of Hertford: The Ninth District, comprising the Road from the Hampstead Road, at Camden Town in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, to the Great North Road in the Parish of Saint Mary Islington in the said County, and also along Park Street into Albany Street in the same County; the Road commencing at the Angel at Islington, but in the Parish of Clerkenwell, and leading from thence through Holloway to Highgate Gatehouse; the Branch Road diverting at the Turnpike Gate at Islington, running to the West of the Town of Islington, and joining with the said last-mentioned Road at Holloway, and commonly called the Back Road j the Road from Lower Street

366

C.S9.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Islington to Newington Green, tailed the Lower Road; the Road called Cross Street, from the Upper Street to the Lower Street; and the Road from Balls Pond Gate to Kingsland; the Road commencing at Battle Bridge, and leading from thence, by Saint Pancras Church and through Kentish Town, to Highgate Gatehouse; the Road commencing at Saint James's Chapel in the Parish of Saint Pancras, leading from thence through Camden Town, and anting with the said last-mentioned Road at or near a Public House called the Black Horse, at Kentish Town; the Road leading from the said last-mentioned Road to Hampstead, and terminating at or near a Public House called the Red Lion; and the Branch Road from the said Highgate to the said Hampstead Road, called Figg Lane:

The Tenth District, comprising the Road from the North-west Side of the GosnoeU-Street Road, next Islington, to the Northwest Corner of Finsbury Square, by the Artillery Ground, in the County of Middlesex, commonly called or known by the Name of the City Road:

The Eleventh District, comprising so much of the Road called the Stamford-Hill Road as lies between the Stones End in the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch and the Seventh Mile Stone on the same Road, and situate at or near to the Public House called the King's Head, at Lower Edmonton, in the County of Middlesex:

The Twelfth District, comprising so much of the said Stamjbrd-Hill Road as lies between the said Seventh Mile Stone at Lower Edmonton and the Northernmost Part of Enfield in the said County of Middlesex, next to the Parish of Cheshunt in the County of Hertford$ and the new Road or Diversion of the old Road herein-before directed to be made between the Ninth and Tenth Mile Stones on the said Road at Enfield Highway; and the Road from the Place where the Watch-house in Edmonton formerly stood, to the Market Place in Enfield aforesaid:

The Thirteenth District, comprising the Road from Newington Green in the said County of Middlesex, through the Lanes or Highways called the Green Lanes, to join the said Road leading from Edmonton to the Market Place in Enfield at Bush Hill in the Parish of Edmonton, which Road is commonly called the Green Lanes Road:

The Fourteenth District, comprising the New or Branch Road herein-before directed to be made from the Stamford Hill Road

in the Parish of Tottenham, nearly opposite to certain Trees called the Seven Sisters, to the Camden Town Road, being the Road herein-before described in the Ninth District:

The Fifteenth District, comprising the Roads leading from the Church of the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, through - Hackney, to Stanford Hill; and from Hackney, across Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike Grate at Mile End; and from Kingsland Green in the Parish of Saint John at ' Hackney, through Dalston, to Church Street in the same Parish;

all in the County of Middlesex:

The Sixteenth District, comprising the Bridge ever the River Lea commonly called Lea Bridge; the Road across the Marsh called Walthamstow or Lew Layton Marsh, and certain Lands adjoining

A.D. 1829.

10° GEO. IV.

C.S9-

867

itig to Mark*House Lanes the Road from Clapton in the County

or Middlesex down to the said River Lea; the Roads from Mark-House Lane into the Great Road at or near a House known by the Sign of the Eagle, at Snares brook in the Parish of Wanstead, in the County of Essex; and the new Road herein-before directed to be made, commencing at the Sixth Mile Stone on this District of Roads, passing across Epping Forest, and terminating at the Turnpike Road from London to Epping in the said County of Essex.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said First Day of January it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners acting in Execution of the said recited Act, or their Lessees or Collectors, or any present or future Mortgagees when in actual Possession, to demand, receive, and take, at each of the Gates and Bars erected on or by the Side of the several Roads herein-before described, the Tolls following; (that is to say,)

On the Roads comprised in the First, Second, Third, Fourth* Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, Ninth, Eleventh, Twelfth* Thirteenth, and Fourteenth Districts respectively:

For every Horse or other Beast (except such as are after mentioned), laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Horse or other Beast (except an Ass), drawing* the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Ass, drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny s For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Tea-pence per Score (and so in Proportion for any greater or less

Tolls.

For every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Swine, the Sum of Five-pence per Score (and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number).

On the Road comprised in the Tenth District;

For every Horse or other Beast (except such as are after mentioned), drawing or not drawing, the Sum of One Penny;

For every Drove of Oxen* Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Fiv^ pence per Score (and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number);

For every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Swine, the Sum of Two-pence Halfpenny per Score (and so m Proportion for any greater or less Number ).

On the Roads comprised in the Fifteenth District:

For every Horse or other Beast (except such as are after mentioned), laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Asa, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One

Penny:

Foe every Horse or other Beast (when more than One), drawing any licensed Stage Coach, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Horse or other Beast (except an Ass), when more than One, drawing any other Vehicle than such licensed Stage Coach, the Sum of Two-pence:

For

wo-pence:

10° GEO. IV.

Tolls on 16th District may be increased if Repairs of Lea Bridge exceed 1000*.

Tolls on Steam Carriages.

Horses or Cattle going to depasture on Walthamstow Marsh exempt from Toll

Hay or Straw having paid Toll in the 8th District shall be

C. 59.

A.D. 1829.

For every single Horse or other Beast (except an Ass), drawing, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Ass, drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score (and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number):

For every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Swine, the Sum of Five-pence per Score (and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number).

On the Road comprised in the Sixteenth District:

For every Horse or other Beast (except such as are after mentioned), laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One' Penny Halfpenny:

For every Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Horse or other Beast (except an Ass), when more than One, drawing, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every single Horse or other Beast (except an Ass), drawing, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score (and so in Proportion for any greater or less^ Number):

For every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Swine, the Sum, of Five-pence per Score (and so m Proportion for any greater oir less Number):

For every Ass, drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if at any Time or Times hereafter any Reparations become necessary to the said Lea Bridge> the Cost whereof shall be more in Amount than the Sum of One thousand Pounds, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to increase all and every the said Tolls on the Roads comprised in the Sixteenth District to One Half more in Amount than the said several Tolls, and to continue such Increase until the Money expended in such Reparations be reimbursed and repaid to the said Commissioners by Means of such increased Toll.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the same Toll shall be paid in each of the said Districts, for any Coach, Waggon, or other Carriage which shall pass along any of the Roads in that District, and shall be in any Manner propelled or drawn by Steam, Gas, or any other like Means, as would have been payable for Four Horsea drawing the same in case the same had been drawn by Four Horses; and the said Toll shall be paid for every such Coach, Waggon, or other Carriage in each of the said Districts for each Time of passing along any of the Roads in that District.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken on the Road comprised in the Sixteenth District, for or in respect of any Horses or other Cattle whatsoever going to the Marsh called Walthamstow Marsh or Low Layton Marsh, for the Purpose of depasturing there only, or re* turning from the same.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Toll by this Act authorized to be taken shall have been paid in respect of any Horse or other Beast drawing any Waggon, Cart,

10° GEO. IV. C. 59

369

or other Carriage laden with Hay or Straw, bn the Road comprised in the Eighth District, no Toll shall be demanded or taken in respect of the same Horse or other Beast while drawing the same Waggon, Cart, or other such Carriage on the Road comprised in the Seventh District.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for or in respect of any Horse or other Beast drawing any Waggon, Cart, or other such Carriage laden with Hay or Straw, no more than One Half of the Tolls by this Act authorized to be taken shall be demanded or taken on any of the Roads comprised in the Ninth, Eleventh, Twelfth, and Thirteenth Districts respectively.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when the Toll by this Act authorized to be taken shall have been once paid in either of the aforesaid Districts, for or in respect of any -Horse or other Beast, Cattle or other Stock, no further Toll shall be demanded or taken during the same Day (except in the Cases hereinafter mentioned), for or in respect of the same Horse or other Beast, Cattle or other Stock, at any other Gate or Bar within the same District, or on returning or repassing through the 'Same Gate or Bar; but the Payment of Toll in any One of the aforesaid Districts shall not entitle the Party paying the same to any Exemption from Toll during the same Day within any other of the aforesaid Districts, unless in Cases which may be specially provided for by the said Commissioners under the Provisions of this Act or of the said recited Act.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Horse or other Beast drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other. such Carriage, shall be exempt from Toll in any of the said Districts by reason of any previous Payment of Toll within the same District during the same Day, unless such Horse or other Beast shall at the Time of such previous Payment of Toll have been drawing the same Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage as that which he shall be drawing at the Time when £uch Exemption shall be claimed.

XXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no -Horse or other Beast drawing any Post Chaise or other Carriage returning with any Person or Persons therein, and passing through any of the said Gates or Bars in any of the said Districts, shall be exempt from Toll unless a Ticket be produced denoting the Toll; by this Act authorized to be taken to have been then already paid on that Day by the Person or Persons then in or hiring such Post Chaise or other Carriage.

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid on each of the said Districts for every Horse or Beast drawing any Stage Coach, Van, Caravan, Waggon, or other Carriage, conveying Passengers or Goods for Pay, Hire, or Reward, for each Time of passing along -any of the Roads in that District.

XXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid in each of the said Districts for every Horse or Beast drawing any Hackney Coach, Chariot, or Cabriolet, for each Time of passing through any Gate or Bar in that District, unless the Person or Persons by whom the same shall for the Time being be hired shall have then already during the

exempt in the 7th.

Half Tolls on' Hay or Straw on 9th, 11th, 12th, and 13th Districts.

Tolls to be paid only once a Day in the same District.

Horses drawing different Carriages to pay each Time of passing.

Post Chaises to pay each Time of passing with a fresh Hiring.

Stage Coaches, &c. to pay each Time of passing.

Hackney Coaches to pay each Time of passing with a fresh Hiring.

370

C.S0.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Carts laden with Bricks, &c. to pay each Time of passing.

Additional Tolls in respect of narrow Wheels.

4 G.4. c. 95.

Exemptions,

&c. in Second

Schedule of recited Act repealed, but in other Respects Provisions of that Act extended to this Act.

same Day paid Toll for the same within that District, and shall produce a Ticket denoting such Payment, or unless such Hackney Coach, Chariot, or Cabriolet shall be returning empty after having set down a Person or Persons who shall during the same Day have paid Toll for the same.

XXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Horse or other Beast drawing any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage laden with Bricks, Tiles, Stone, Lime, Timber, Coals, Iron in Bars, or Lead in Sheets, shall be exempt from Toll in any of the said Districts by reason of any previous Payment of Toll within the same Districts, except in Cases where such Horse or other Beast shall at the Time of such previous Payment of Toll have been going with the same Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, empty, or laden with Breeze or Ashes for making Bricks, to fetch the Load which he shall be drawing at the Time when such Exemption shall be claimed.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That on all the Roads within each of the said Districts One Half more than the Toll hereinbefore made payable in that District for any Horse or other Beast drawing shall be demanded and taken for any Horse or other Beast drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth than Four and a Half Inches at the Bottom or Soles thereof, or any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage having the Tires of the Wheels convex, or in any other Respect not of a flat Surface, or shall not have the Nails thereof counter-sunk, so as to form a flat Surface; and One Fourth more than the said Toll herein^ before made payable in that District for any Horse or other Beast drawing shall be demanded and taken for any Horse or other Beast drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage having the Bottom or Soles of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Four and a Half Inches, but of less Breadth than Six Inches; any Thing in an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to amend the General Lam notv in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, or in any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to charge additional Toll for any Cart not drawn by more than One Horse or Two Oxen.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, 'That the several Provisions, Restrictions, and Exemptions contained in the Second Schedule to the said recited Act shall be and the same are hereby repealed; but that in all other Respects the Powers and Provisions contained in the said recited Act, with respect to the Tolls by that Act authorized to be taken, and the collecting, letting, Advancement, Reduction, and Alteration thereof, and with respect to the Application of the Monies arising therefrom, shall, except so far as they are in any Manner altered or varied by this Act, extend and be applicable to the Tolls by this Act authorized to be taken, and the Monies to arise therefrom, in the same Mannef and as fully as if they had been specially re-enacted with Reference to the said Tolls by this Act authorized to be taken, And

10° GEO. IV. C. 59.

371

A.D. 1829.

the Monies to arise therefrom; and that all other the Powers;

Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in the said recited Act, (except such of them as are by the said Act confined to any One or more Road or Roads, and except so far as the same are varied, altered, or otherwise provided for by this Act,) shall extend and apply to the said New or Branch Roads hereby authorised to be made, and to the making, maintaining, and repairing thereof, and to all Purposes connected therewith or relating thereto, in the same Manner and as fully a* if the same had been expressly embodied in and re-enacted by this Act with Reference to 'the said intended New or Branch Roads, or as if the said intended New or Branch Roads had been comprised and described in the First Schedule to that Act.

XXXIII. And in Addition to the Powers by the said recited Commissioners

Act given to the Commissioners acting in Execution thereof, for may direct that

reducing, advancing, and altering the Tolls on the aforesaid Payment of Roads, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Toll on any Commissioners at any Time to direct that the Payment of any

Toll to be specially appointed by the said Commissioners for that from payment Purpose, and which Toll may be either of greater Amount than on any other, those herein-before authorized to be taken, or not, as to the said Commissioners shall seem proper, shall entitle the Party paying the same to an Exemption from any further Payment of Toll during the same Day in respect of the Horse, Cattle, or other Beast in respect of which the same shall be paid, not only within the District in which the same shall be paid, but also in all or any or either of the others of the aforesaid Districts; and when and 60 often as the said Commissioners shall make any such Direction as aforesaid, they shall appoint a particular Ticket to be issued, denoting Such special Exemption; and any Party passing through any Gate or Bar in the District to which any such Direction shall relate, shall, at his or her Option, be entitled, either to the ordinary Ticket for exempting from further Toll within the same District only (in which Case only the ordinary Toll shall be demanded), or to a Ticket denoting the special Exemption, in which Case the Toll appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners shall be demanded and taken, and no less; and if any Collector or Gatekeeper shall issue a Ticket denoting any such special Exemption as aforesaid, on Payment of any less Toll than the Toll appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, he shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds; which Forfeiture or Penalty may and shall be recovered, levied, and applied in the Manner directed by an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the general Lam novo in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, with respect to the Penalties indicted by that Act.

XXXIV. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Payment of

Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, ft0*- a Year to

1 intituled An Act for repealing several Acts made tn the Eighth, p*r, sh of.

Tenthy Thirteenth, and Fifteenth Years <f the Reign of His late ^pectoWx

Majesty, for regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, and for ford Street, to paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting the parish of Saint cease.

372

C. 59.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Marylebone, in the County of Middlesex, and for the better Relief and Maintenance of the Poor thereof and for divers other Purposes therein mentioned, and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes, it was provided and enacted, that the Trustees for the Time being for repairing the Road from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilburn Bridge should pay to the Vestrymen for putting that Act in Execution, or to such Person or Persons as should be by them authorized to receive the same, the annual Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and under and by virtue of the said recited Act of the Seventh Year aforesaid, the said annual Sum of Five hundred Pounds became payable by the said Commissioners acting in Execution of that Acts And Whereas,

under the Provisions herein-before contained, the Tolls out of which the said Annuity was payable will cease, and no other Tolls will be levied in lieu thereof; and it is proper therefore that the said Annuity should also cease Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the said First Day of January the said Annuity shall cease, determine, and be no longer payable; any Thing in the said recited Act of the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, or in the said recited Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and so much of the said Act of the Thirty-fifth Year aforesaid, or of any other Act, as authorizes the said Vestrymen, in the Event of Nonpayment of the said Annuity, to seize any Turnpike Gate, or to collect any Tolls, or to erect any Gate where the Turnpike at Tyburn stood at the Time of the passing of that Act, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

For defraying the Expence of

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That towards defraying the

Expence of paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting the Road

Oxford Street. from Giles's Pound to Tyburn aforesaid (which Road is now called Oxford Street), there shall be paid to the said Vestrymen, from and after the said First Day of January now next ensuing* the several Sums following; that is to say, the Sum of One hundred Pounds per Annum by the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, the Sum of Sixty-two Pounds Ten Shillings per Annum by the Parish of Saint James Westminster, and the Sum of Forty-one Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four-pence by the Parish of Saint Ann within the bLiberty of Westminsterb j such Payments to be made by Two equal half-yearly Payments on the First Day of July and First Day of January in each and every Year; and that the said several Sums shall be payable from Time to Time out of the Rate or Rates made or to be made for paving, cleansing, and lighting the said respective Parishes; and the Commissioners, Trustees, Committees, and other Persons acting under any Act or Acts of Parliament for paving, cleansing, or lighting the said Parishes, are hereby authorized and required to pay the same to the Vestrymen of the said Parish of Saint Marylebone, in the Proportions and at the Times herein-before mentioned: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend in any Way to affect or have relation to any Question of Boundary or Limit of the said Parish of Saint Marylebone, or of the said several Parishes of Saint George Hanover Square, Saint James Westminster, and Saint Ann within

---

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 59. 673

the Liberty of Westminster, or of any of them, but that such Boundary or Limit shall remain in the same Manner and to the same Extent as if this Act had not been passed.

[Annuities, Rents, &c. charged upon Roads given over to the Parishes to be paid by such Parishes.]

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Annuities, Rents, and other Charges which previously to the passing of the said recited Act of the Seventh Year aforesaid were chargeable upon the Tolls taken on any of the Roads which, under the Provisions herein-before contained, will, from and after the said First Day of January, cease to be under the Care and Management of the said Commissioners acting in Execution of the said recited Act of the Seventh Year aforesaid, or otherwise payable in respect of such Roads or any of them, shall, from and after the said First Day of January, cease to be payable by the said Commissioners, but shall from thenceforth be payable and paid by the respective Parties by whom the Roads, on the Tolls of which the same were chargeable or in respect of which the same were payable, will be thenceforth maintained under the Provisions herein-before contained.

[For Removal of Nuisances.]

XXXVII. And Whereas it is desirable to provide more summary and effectual Means for the Prevention or Removal of such Buildings, Pavements, and other Matters and Things as by the said recited Act of the Seventh Year aforesaid are declared to be common Nuisances; Be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners acting in Execution of the said recited Act of the Seventh Year aforesaid, or their Surveyor, or any Person or Persons authorized by them or him, to cause any Building, Shop, Shed, or Stall, or any Pavement, which has been erected, made, or laid down contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act, to be pulled down or removed by the Party or Parties by whom the same shall have been erected, made, or laid down, or by the Owner or Owners or Occupier or Occupiers thereof for the Time being, as to the said Commissioners or their Surveyor, or other Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, shall seem meet; and in case such Owner or Owners or Occupier or Occupiers, or other Party or Parties, shall refuse or neglect to pull down or remove the same within One Calendar Month after Notice in Writing for that Purpose shall be given to him, her, or them, or left at his, her, or their Dwelling House or Place of Abode, or in ease any Person or Persons shall after the passing of this Act erect, make, or set up any Building, Shop, Shed, or Stall, or lay down any Pavement, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act, he, she, or they shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, and the Nuisance shall and may be removed by the said Commissioners or their Surveyor, or any Person or Persons authorized by them or him for that Purpose; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, upon Proof of such Refusal or Neglect to them made upon Oath, to grant Warrants of Distress for levying, as well the Expences of taking down or removing such Nuisance, as also the Penalty hereby imposed, by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, the Overplus (if any) to be rendered to the Owner or Owners on Demand; and the Penalty so recovered shall be applied towards the general Purposes of the said recited Act and of this Act.

374 C. 59. 10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

[Commissioners may direct Stands for Hackney Coaches.]

XXXVIII. And Whereas Doubts have been entertained whether the said Commissioners acting in Execution of the said recited Act of the Seventh Year aforesaid are by that Act empowered to authorize Hackney Coaches to stand or ply for Hire on any Part of the Roads mentioned and described in the First Schedule thereto annexed; For removing such Doubts, it is hereby declared and enacted, That the said Commissioners are by the said recited Acts so empowered.

[Provisions relating to Hoards, &c. only to extend to First Schedule.]

XXXIX. And be it further enacted and declared, That the Provisions contained in the said recited Act of the Seventh Year aforesaid, for preventing the Erection or building of any Hoard, Posts, Bars, Rails, Boards, or other Inclosures, were only intended to extend, and shall only be deemed to extend, to the Prevention of any Hoard, Posts, Bars, Rails, Boards, or other Inclosure being built or erected on any of the Roads mentioned and described in the First Schedule to that Act annexed.

[Powers to remove Nuisances, given to Commissioners by 7 G. 4. c. cxlii., may be exercised by the several Parishes as to the Roads given up.]

XL. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers and Means of removing Nuisances, preventing Encroachments and Annoyances, which, by virtue of the said Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, were given to and vested in the said Commissioners, shall, so far as the same relate to the Roads by this Act to be considered as common Highways, be given to and exercised by the several Parties or Persons in whom shall be or are vested by Law the Charge and Controul of the said Roads, in m full, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, and subject to the same Conditions and Restrictions, as the same could have been used and exercised by the same Commissioners in case this Act had not been made.

[Saving Rights of Commissioners of Sewers for Holborn and Finsbury Divisions, &c.]

XLII. Provided always, and be it further declared and enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to prejudice, diminish, alter, or take away any of the Rights, Powers, or Authorities vested in the Commissioners of Sewers for the Limits of Holborn and Finsbury Divisions, the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, and the Liberty of Norton Falgate, in the County of Middlesex, and the Borders and Confines of the same; but all the Rights, Powers, and Authorities vested in them shall be as good, valid, and effectual as if this Act had not been made.

[Public Act.]

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, shall be deemed and taken to be Public Acts, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 59. 375

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Description of Premises. - Parish. - Situation. - Names of Occupiers. - Names of Owners.

PART THE FIRST

Garden and Stables - Islington - On the Eastern Side of the High North Road through Holloway - Charles Mann - William Hood, John Short, Lords of the Manor. Charles Mann, Lessee.

Shed and Garden - Ditto - On the same Side, about One hundred Yards from the Road - Samuel Harris - Robert Enkle.

Cottage and Garden - Stoke Newington - On the Eastern Side of the Green Lanes, opposite the Road leading to Hornsey Wood House - The Reverend Thomas Briggs, Lord of the Manor. The Executors of the late Joseph Eade, Esquire, Lessees of the Manor.

Garden - Ditto - Ditto - Samuel Betteley - The Reverend Thomas Briggs, Lord of the Manor. The Executors of the late Joseph Eade, Esquire, Lessees of the Manor.

Pleasure Ground - Tottenham - On the Western Side of the Road from London to Tottenham, nearly opposite the Seven Sisters - Thomas Willis Cooper - John Clarkson.

PART THE SECOND.

Dwelling House, and Wheelwright's and Smith's Shop - Enfield - On the East Side of the Enfield Highway - Joh Coel - Newell Connop, Esquire. William Larman, Lessee.

Coach-house and Back Garden - Ditto - Ditto - James Frith - Mrs. Lamb.

Garden - Ditto - Ditto - Mr. Bass - Mr. Bass.

Cottage, Shed, and Garden - Ditto - Ditto - Jane Morgan - Mary Webb.

Cottage - Ditto - Ditto - Unoccupied - Mary Webb.

Dwelling House, Shop, and Bakehouse - Ditto - Ditto - William Hoy - William Hoy.

Dwelling House, Stable, Cart-house, and Shed - Ditto - Ditto - Edward Gardener - Saint Bartholomew's Hospital.

Garden - Ditto - On the West Side of the Enfield Highway - John Bird - William Larman.

Garden - Ditto - Ditto - Unoccupied - William Larman.

376

C. 60. 10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829

CAP. LX.

An Act for raising the Sum of Thirteen millions four hundred thirty-eight thousand eight hundred Pounds for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[24th June 1829.]

§I. The Treasury may raise 13,438,800l. by Exchequer Bills, in like Manner as is prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1.

II. The Clauses, &c. in that Act extended to this.

III. Treasury to apply the Money raised to Services voted in this Session;

---

IV. Exchequer Bills to be paid out of the Supplies for next Session;

V. And to bear an Interest not exceeding 3$d. per Cent. per Diem;

VI. And to be current at the Exchequer after April 5, 1830.

VII. The Bank may advance not exceeding 10,000,000l. on

" the Credit of this Act.

VIII. Monies coming into the Exchequer by cc. 2, 3, 28, 31, -

and 39, ante, — ^12,000,000 by Exchequer Bills, under c. 4, ante> — and also the said 13, 438, 800, shall, be applied as hereafter expressed.

IX. There shall be issued and applied

sg5, 878, 794 11 11 For Naval Services; viz.

..... 1, 014,000 0 0 For Wages of 30,000 Men for Thirteen

Lunar Months, at 2/. 12s. per Man per Month.

643.500 0 0 For their Victuals, at 1/. 13s. per Man

per Month.

180, 727 11 7 For Salaries of Officers, and contingent

- Expences of the Admiralty, Navy Pay, Navy, and Victualling Offices.

145, 811 18, 8 For Salaries, &c. of His Majesty's

- Yards at Home.

480^000 0 0 For Wages to Artificers in Ditto.

759, 718 0 0 For Timber and other Materials.

60.000 0 0 For Pilotage and other Contingencies.

52, 141 3 3 For Salaries of Officers, and contin-:

gent Expences of Foreign Yards.

64, 356 0 0 For Ditto, &c. of Victualling Yards.' 64, 455 13 5 For Ditto of Naval Medical Establishments.

3, 121 8 3 For Ditto of Royal Naval College-and School for Naval Architecture. 104, 002 6 11 For Wages to Officers, Ship Keepers,

and Men of Vessels in Ordinary. 51, 715 19 0 For Victuals for Ditto, and also to Officers and Men on board the Hulks and small Vessels.

32, 490 0 0 For Hire of Packets.

40.000 0 0 For building Ships at Bombay.

873.500 0 0 For Half Pay to Naval Officers.

A.D. 1829.

10? GEO. IV;

(?.60.

377

§X.

129, 393 11 10

1, 500 0 0

10,000 0 0

110,000 0 0

10,000 0 0

250.000 0 0

164, 760 19 0

108, 600 0 0

275.000 0 0

250,000 0 0 7, 734, 993 1 7 *

3, 136, 752 15 5

For Superannuations, Pensions, and Allowances to Naval Officers, their Widows and Relatives.

For Bounty to Chaplains.

For Widows and Orphans on the Compassionate List.

For making good the Deficiency in the Funds'for the Relief of Widows of Commissioned and Warrant Officers of Navy.

For Widows of Marine Officers.

For Out-Pensioners of Greenwich Hospital.

For Superannuations to Commissioners, &c. add Allowances in lieu of Half Pay to Naval Officers formerly employed in Naval Departments.

For Repairs and Improvements in the Dock Yards.

For Provisions for Troops on Foreign Stations, and for the Convict Service, and Rations for Troops to be embarked' in Ships of War and Transports.

For Transport Service.

For Land Forces and other Services after mentioned; viz.

For the Forces" in Great Britain and Ireland, and Stations abroad, except India.

117, 136 16 0 For General Staff Officers, Officers of Hospitals in the United Kingdom and on Foreign. Stations, except India.

105, 928 10 2 For Allowances to the Principal Of ficers of Public Departments in the United Kingdom, their Deputies and Clerks, and contingent Expences. 16, 560 14 6 For Medicines and Surgical Materials for the Forces, and Hospital Contingencies.

60, 988 9 2 For Volunteer Corps in the United Kingdom.

136.000 0 0 For Pay of General Officers, not

being Colonels of Regiments. 36, 862 18 11 For Garrisons at Home and Abroad.

109.000 0 0 For Full Pay for reduced, retired,

and unattached Officers.

739, 038 17 10 For Half Pay to reduced i

97, 270 0 0 For Half Pay and reduced Allowances to Officers of disbanded Foreign Corps, Pensions to wounded

ay and Military Allowances :ed and retired., Officers.

S78

C. 60.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

§ XI.

£46, 610 12 4

1, 278, 4*03 13 9

143, 411 0 0

189, 037 0 0

56, 044 0 10

33,000 0 0

700,000 0 0

402, 929 12 5 *

247, 304 15 7

81, 229 19 11

1, 483 4 9

1, 728, 908 O 0

70, 244 0 0

8, 600 0 0

42, 817 0 a

3, 813 0 0

74, 959 0 0

257, 342 0 0

29, 413 0 0

1, 223 0 0

8, 392 0 0

3, 507 0 0

Foreign Officers, and Allowances to Widows and Children of deceased Foreign Officers.

For In-Pensioners of Chelsea and Kilmainham Hospitals.

For Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital.

For Pensions to Widows of Officers.

For Compassionate List, Allowances of His Majesty's Bounty, and Pensions to wounded Officers.

For Superannuations to Persons for. raerly belonging to Public Departments in the United Kingdom.

For Exchequer Fees for Issues on Army Services.

For Extraordinary Expences of the Army.

For the Commissariat Department.

For Disembodied Militia of Great Britain, and for Out-Pensions of the Regular Militia of the United Kingdom.

For Disembodied Militia of Ireland.

For reduced Allowances and Out-Pensions for the Yeomanry.

For Ordnance Services after mentioned; viz.

For Salaries to the Principal Officers and Clerks of the Ordnance Office at the Tower and Pall Mall.

For Salaries to the Departments of the Ordnance Office at Woolwich.

For Salaries to the Civil Establishments of the Ordnance Office at the Home and Foreign Stations.

For Master Gunners in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey.

For the Corps of Royal Engineers, Sappers, and Miners, and the Establishment for their Instruction.

For the Royal Regiment of Artillery for Great Britain.

For Brigade of Royal Horse Artillery, and Rocket and Riding Troop.

For Director General of Artillery, and Field Train Department.

For the Medical Establishment of the Military Department of the Ordnance.

For Civil Officers, Professors, and Masters of Military Academy at Woolwich.

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV.

879

* £480, 715 0 0

126, 979 0 0 302, 576 0 0

45, 644 0 0 117, 636 0 0

102, 721 0 0

93, 612 0 0

2, 600 0 0

6, 115 0 0

i XII. 28, 046, 800 0 0

XIII. 392,000 0 0

XIV. 3, 040 0 0

10, 445 0 0

3, 600 0 0

4,000 0 0

2, 820 0 0

17, 728 0 0

10, 478 5 10

4,000 0 0

XV. 4,000,000 0 0

10, 029 17 1

24, 155 13 8

19, 899 0 0

32, 500 0 0

7,000 0 0

8,000 0 0

20,000 0 0

C. 60.

For the Extraordinaries of the Ordnance, after deducting £130,000 for old Stores, &c.

For Ordnance Office in Ireland, after deducting £2,000 for old Stores, &c.

For Ordnance Office in the United Kingdom, on account of Allowances to superannuated, retired, and Half-pay Officers, to superannuated and disabled Men and Pensioners, and Pensions to Widows and Children of deceased Officers late of the Ordnance Military Corps.

For Allowances, &c. to retired Civil Officers of Ordnance Department, and Widows Pensions.

For the Barrack Department in Great Britain and the Colonies, after deducting *£28,000 for condemned Stores, Rents of Canteens, &c.

For Ditto in Ireland, after deducting 10, 850 for Savings of former Grants, condemned Stores, Rents of Canteens, &c.

For the Military Store Branch of the United Kingdom and the Colonies.

For Fees on Ordnance Estimates.

For Pay, &c. of Royal Staff Corps for Six Months.

To pay off Exchequer Bills charged on the Aids of 1828 and 1829.

To pay off Exchequer Bills issued for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries, and for building Churches.

For the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands.

For Ditto of Nova Scotia.

For Ditto of New Brunswick.

For Ditto of Bermuda.

For Ditto of Prince Edward's Island.

For Ditto of Newfoundland, and Governor's House.

For Ditto of Sierra Leone.

For Cape Coast Castle and Accra.

For discharging the like Amount of Supplies granted for 1823, 1824, 1825, 1826, 1827, and 1828.

For the Royal Military College.

For the Royal Military Asylum.

For the British Museum.

For Public Buildings.

For Works at Port Patrick Harbour.

For Works at Donaghadee Harbour.

For the Royal Harbour at Kingstown.

S9Q

C. 60.

io0 GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

£13, 600 0 0

214, 500 0 0

5.000 0 0

12, 649 16 9

4, 386 0 0 33, 500 0 0

24, 400 0 0

87, 368 0 0

68, 991 0 0

6.500 0 0 6, 200 0 0

958 5 0 11, 524 6 5

4, 660 0 0

24.000 0 0 19, 236 2 4

13, 770 0 0

2.500 0 0

3.000 0 0 4, 300 0 0 3, 711 15 0

5, 812 7 10

45.000 0 0

80.000 0 0

8, 200 0 0

For BaiTdings at the British Museum, and the Library.

For Works at Windsor Castle.

For erecting Churches in the West Indies.

For the Roads and Harbours of Hoiuth and Holyhead.

For the Caledonian Canal.

For the Officers of the Houses of Parliament.

For the Expences of the Houses of Parliament.

For Deficiency of Fee Fund in Departments of the Treasury, Secretaries of State, Privy Council, and Committee of Privy Council for Trade.

For contingent Expences in those Departments and Offices.

To Commissioners of Revenue Enquiry.

For Officers, and Expences of the Exchequer.

For certain Professors at Oxford and Cambridge.

For Salaries and Expences of Commissioners and Clerks of Insolvent Debtors Court.

For Superintendence of Aliens, and Superannuations to Officers retired from that Service.

For Penitentiary at Mslbank.

For retired Allowances to Persons formerly employed in Public Offices or Departments, or in the Public Service.

For Relief to Toulonese and Corsican Emigrants, Dutch Naval Officers, St. Domingo Sufferers, &c.

For the National Vaccine Establishment.

For the Refuge for the Destitute.

For American Loyalists.

For confining and maintaining Criminal Lunatics.

For Dissenting Ministers, poor French Protestant Refugee Clergy and Laity, &c.

For Foreign and other Secret Services.

For printing Acts, Bills, Reports, and other Papers for the Two Houses of Parliament.

For printing Public Records.

A.D. 1839.

m

§xvi.

.10° GEO. iv.

C. 6&

<s£97, 270 0 0

10,000 0 0

6.500 0 0

15.000 0 0 108, 772 0 0

28.000 0 0

89, 470 0 0

120,000 0 0

16, 182 0 0

47.500 0 0

1 63,000 0 0

160,000 0 0 22, 500 0 0

200,000 0 0

10, 583 0 0

31, 483 0 0 24, 396 0 0 6, 700 0 0 7, 596 0 0

1, 850

1, 646

3, 060

2, 609

1, 676

3, 900

465

1, 200

7,000

300

1, 500

9,000

For Stationery, Printing, and Binding for Public Departments, including the Expences of the Stationery Office.

For Extraordinary Expences of the Mint.

For Prosecutions relating to the Coin.

For Law Charges.

For confining and maintaining Convicts at Home and at Bermuda.

For Expences of Missions to the New States of America.

For Salaries and Expences of Consuls.

To defray Bills drawn from New South Wales and Van Diemen*s Land.

To the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in the Colonies.

For Engineers Stores for New South Wales and Van Diemen*s Land, Bedding and Clothing for Convicts, Clothing and Tools for liberated Africans at Sierra Leone> and Indian Presents for Canada.

For improving the Water Communication between Montreal and Kingston.

For Civil Contingencies.

For Compensation to Proprietors of Bencoolen for Losses sustained by them on the Surrender of it to the King of the Netherlands.

For Spanish Claims, under the Convention of the 28th of October 1828.

For the Protestant Charter Schools in Ireland.

For the Foundling Hospital.

For the House of Industry.

For the Richmond Lunatic Asylum.

For the Hibernian Society for Soldiers Children.

For the Hibernian Marine Society.

For the Female Orphan House.

For the Westmorland Lock Hospital.

For the Lying-in Hospital.

For Dr. Stevens Hospital.

For the Fever Hospital in Cork Street, Dublin.

For the Hospital for Incurables.

For the Royal Cork Institution.

For the Royal Dublin Society.

For the Royal Irish Academy.

For the Belfast Academical Institution.

For the Society for discountenancing Vice.

M2

C. 60.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

XVII.

XVIII.

XIX.

XX.

XXI.

XXII.

XXIII.

XXIV.

£25,000 0 0

8, 928 0 0

700 0 0

17, 385 0 0

15,000 0 0

5,000 0 0

3, 500 0 0

50,000 0 0

14, 360 6 0

740 6 2

5, 547 0 0

24, 300 0 0

7, 328 6 2

3, 049 0 0

22, 800 0 0

For the Society for educating the Poor.

For the Roman Catholic Seminary at Maynooth

For the Board of Charitable Bequests. For the Board of Works.

For Printing *, Stationery, and other Disbursements of Public Offices in Dublin Castle.

For publishing Proclamations and other Matters of a Public Nature. For printing Statutes in Ireland.

For Criminal Prosecutions.

For Nonconforming, Seceding, and Protestant Dissenting Ministers in Ireland.

For the Salaries to Lottery Officers in Ireland.

For Inland Navigations.

For the Police and Watch Establishments of Dublin.

For the Expence of the Commissioners of Judicial Enquiry.

For the Board of Public Records in Ireland.

For Public Works in Ireland.

Supplies to be applied only for the Purposes aforesaid.

Rules to be observed in the Application of the Sum appropriated to Half Pay. Not to prevent the receiving of Half Pay under any Act relating to the GenerJ or Local Militia, &c.

Persons concerned in issuing, paying, and receiving Money for the Payment of Half Pay, without the Oaths having been taken as required by 9 G.4. £.95* indemnified.

Half Pay allowed to the Officers of the Manx Fencibles.

Half Pay allowed to Chaplains of Regiments not being in Possession of Ecclesiastical Benefices derived from the Crown.

Surplus of £720, 250, appropriated by 9 G.4. c. 95. for Half Pay, may be disposed of to such Officers as His Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of Charity, or to the Widows or Children of such Officers.

Widows of Officers of the Land Forces, and Persons claiming Allowances on the Compassionate List, or as of His Majesty's Royal Bounty, shall take an Oath to such Purport as shall be required by the Warrant directing the Issue of such Pensions and Allowances, before a Person authorized to administer an Oath, or before the Cashier of Widows Pensions, or the first Assistant Examiner of the same, in the Office of the Paymaster General of the Land Forces.

A.D. 18 29.

10° GEO. IV. C. 6f.

tes>

CAP. LXI.

An Act to amend an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for extending to Charing Cross, the Strand, and Places adjacent, the Powers of an Act for making a more convenient Communication from Mary-le-bone Park.

[24th June 1829.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

[

intituled An Act to extend 7 G.4. c. 77. 4 to Charing Cross, the Strand, and Places adjacent, the Powers of an Act for making a more convenient Communication from Mary-

le-bone Park, and to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues to grant Leases of the Site of Carlton Palace, reciting, that by an Act passed in the Fifty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third,

intituled An Act for making a more convenient Communication from Mary-1 e-bone Park and the Northern Parts of the Metropolis, in the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone, to Charing Cross,

within the Liberty of Westminster, and for making a more convenient Sevoage for the same9 the Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues

were appointed Commissioners for carrying the Purposes of the said Act into Execution, it was, by the now reciting Act ((amongst other Things) enacted, that the Commissioners named and appointed in and by the said therein-recited Act of the

Fifty-third Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty should be and they were thereby authorized and empowered to make the several Improvements and Alterations described in the now-

reciting Act, and to carry the Purposes of the said Act into Execution in Manner therein mentioned; and that it should be lawful for the said Commissioners for executing the said Act,

+by and with the Consent and Approbation in Writing of the Lord High Treasurer, or of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of them, and notwithstanding any Provision, Restriction, or Clause contained in any Act or Acts relating to His Majesty's Land Revenue, or to any Property under the Management of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, to borrow and take up at Interest from Time to Time such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, as they the said Commissioners for executing the now-reciting Act, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, should judge necessary for the Purposes of the said Act, on Mortgage of all or any Part or Parts of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of or belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors,

in the Lines of the said Streets and Places, which had been purchased, erected, built, altered, repaired, and improved under or by virtue of the said recited Act of the Fifty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, King George the Third as aforesaid, situate, lying, and being between Pall Mall on the South, Portland Place on the North, Saint James's Street on the West, and the King's Mem on the East, or any or either of the

said

38 *

C. 61.

10° GEO. IV.

Commissioners may raise Money by Loan on the Credit of the Land Revenue within London, Westminster, and Middlesex, or either of them.

Corporate Funds may be advanced on the Credit of the Land Re-

« said last-mentioned Streets or Mews; and it was thereby further

enacted, that it should be lawful for the Commissioners for the

Issue of Exchequer Bills, acting under the therein-recited c Acts, and they were thereby authorized and required, on Application bein£ made to them by the said Commissioners acting

in the Execution of the now-reciting Act, to advance to them,

or as they might direct or appoint, any Sum or Sums of Money '* in Exchequer Bills, not exceeding in the Whole the Sura of

Four hundred thousand Pounds, upon the Terms and Conditions thereinafter mentioned: And Whereas the said Commissioners for carrying into Execution the said recited Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty have, under the Powers and Provisions therein contained, borrowed of the said Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds on the Credit of the several Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments

therein mentioned, and the same hath been laid out and expended in the Purchase of Part of the Houses, Buildings, / Erections, Ground, Tenements, and Hereditaments by the said recited Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty authorized and directed to be purchased, and otherwise in carrying the said Act into Execution; and in order to enable the said Commissioners to complete the Purchase of the

remaining Part of the Houses, Buildings, Erections, Ground, Tenements, and Hereditaments required for the Purposes of the said last-mentioned Act, it is requisite and necessary that Powers should be given to them to borrow and raise the further

Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds upon the Credit of that Part of the Land Revenue of the Crown situate withis

the Cities of London and Westminster and the County of Middlesex, or either of them:9 May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with, the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for executing the said recited Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, by and with the Approbation of the said Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, and notwithstanding any Provision, Restriction, or Clause contained in any Act or Acts relating to His Majesty's Land Revenue, to borrow and take up at Interest such.Sum or Sums of Money as they the said Commissioners for executing the said recited Act of the Seventh Year aforesaid, with such Approbation as aforesaid, shall judge necessary for the Purposes of the said Act, not exceeding the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds, by any Loan or Loans upon the Credit of the Land Revenues of the Crown situate within the Cities of London and Westminster and the County of Middlesex, or either of them. 1

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Company, or Companies, to advance or lend ^ny Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part or Parts of the Capital or other > Monies

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 61.

385.

Monies or Funds of or belonging to such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Company or Companies, not exceeding the said Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds as aforesaid, to the said Commissioners for executing the said last-mentioned Act, upon the Credit of the Land Revenues of the Crown situate within the Cities of London and Westminster and County of Middlesex, so as that all such Loans be made by and with the Approbation of the said Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, who is or are hereby authorized to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants for that Purpose; and every such Loan so to be made shall be deemed to" be and the same is hereby declared to be a Loan upon a Parliamentary Security; and the said Land Revenues of the Crown within the Cities of London and Westminster and County of Middlesex shall be deemed and taken to be and are hereby declared to be a Part or Branch of the Revenues of His Majesty upon which a Credit of Loan to the Extent of the said Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds hereby authorized to be raised is granted by Parliament, and upon which any Part or Parts of the Capital or other Monies or Funds of any such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Company or Companies, may be advanced within the true Intent and Meaning of any Charter, Bye Law, Statute, or Ordinance whereby any Monies are authorized or permitted to be advanced upon Parliamentary Security, or any Part or Parts, Branch or Branches of the Revenue of His Majesty, upon which a Credit of Loan is granted by Parliament; and every such Loan shall be good, valid, and effectual, any Provision contained in the Statutes of Mortmain, or in any other Statute, Charter, Bye Law, or Ordinance to the contrary m anywise notwithstanding; but every such Loan shall be subject and without Prejudice to the said Loan so advanced by the said Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills as aforesaid, and of the Powers given by the said recited Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign aforesaid, for securing the Repayment thereof, and of the Interest for the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person, Body Politic or Corporate, or Company whatsoever, who shall agree to lend any Money upon the Credit of the said Land Revenues within the Cities of London and Westminster and County of Middlesex shall receive a Certificate, under the Hands and Seals of Two or more of the Commissioners for executing the said recited Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, in the Form or to the Effect following:

IN pursuance of a Warrant from the Right Honourable the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, [or, from the Commissioners of His Majesty's

Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland,

as the Case may be, "] bearing Date the Day of

We, A and 2?., Two of the Commissioners for executing mi ' Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present

Majesty, intituled An Act to extend to Charing Cross, the Strand, and Places adjacent, the Powers of an Act for making a more

venues within the Limits above specified.

Persons advancing Money to have Certificates thereof signed by the Commissioners.

Form of the Certificate.

886

C. 61.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Certificate to be witnessed by the Secretary or One of the Clerks to the Commissioners.

convenient Communication from Mary-le-bone Pdrk, and to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues to grant Leases of the Scite of Carlton Palace, in exercise of the Powers vested in us by an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act [here insert the Title of this Act], do hereby certify, that C. Z>. [insert the Name, Title, or Description of the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Company, by tvhom or in whose Behalf the Loan is to oe advanced,] hath [or have] contracted and agreed to advance and lend to the said Commissioners for executing the said Act, upon the Credit of the Land Revenues of the Crown within the Cities of London and Westminster and County of Middlesex, the Sum of to be applied

by them for and towards the carrying the several Purposes of the said Act into Execution, which Sum is to be paid by the said to One of the Cashiers of the Bank of England,

and to be carried to the Account of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, being iC The New Street Account;" and from and immediately after the Payment of the same in Manner aforesaid, the said Sum of shall by virtue of the said Act become and be a

Loan charged upon the Land Revenues of the Crown within the Cities of London and Westminster and County of Middlesex (but subject, and without Prejudice to the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds advanced by the Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills, and to the Provision made by the said Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign for the Repayment thereof, and for the Payment of the Interest thereof); and such Revenues shall, subject as aforesaid, from thenceforth be charged with and liable to the Repayment of the said Capital Sums so to be advanced, by the Instalments, in the Proportions, and at or upon the Days or Times hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say,) [here insert the Terms agreed upon for the Repayment,] and with and to the Payment of Interest for the said Principal Sum, or so much thereof as shall from Time to Time remain unpaid, at and after a Rate [here insert the Rate to he agreed upon], to be computed from the Time the said Principal Sum shall be so advanced, and to be paid half-yearly,

until the Whole of the said Principal Sum and Interest thereon shall be fully paid and discharged. Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of

And every such Certificate shall be witnessed by the Secretary or One of the Clerks for the Time being to the said Commissioners for carrying the said recited Act into Execution; and upon the Production of any such Certificate or Certificates, the Cashiers of the Bank, or One of them, shall and are or is hereby required to accept and receive the Sum therein specified, and at the Foot or Back of such Certificate to acknowledge the Receipt of the said Monies without Fee or Reward; and the Receipt to be given by such Cashier of the Bank, at the Foot or on the Back of such Certificate as aforesaid, shall be in the Words and Figures following, or as near thereto as may be; (that is to say,)

A.D. 1829.

10° GEO. IV.

CX6I.

887

RECEIVED the Day of of and Form of Re-

from the Sum of of lawful Money u

of Great Britain, being the Sum to be paid into the Bank of England pursuant to the above Certificate, and which Sum is placed to the Account of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, being The New Street Account."

Witness my Hand,

For the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

(Signed) Cashier.

Which said Certificate and Receipt shall be inrolled in the Office Certificate of the Auditor of His Majesty's Land Revenues for the County and Receipt to of Middlesex, on Payment of the usual Fees for such Inrolment; mrolled* and a Minute or Extract thereof shall be entered and preserved in the Office of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods,

Forests, and Land Revenues, and also in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Commissioners for executing the said recited Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and every such Certificate and Receipt, when so given, granted, and inrolled, shall he and they are hereby declared to be conclusive Evidence of the Advance of every such Loan, and of the Day or Time of the making such Advance.

IV. And be it further enacted, That when any such Certificate Loans charged and Receipt shall be so signed, inrolled, and entered as aforesaid, on Lam* Reve-> every such Loan or Loans, the Receipt whereof shall be so ac- "ues With^" knowledged as aforesaid, shall be and the same is and are hereby m°nster'ancT*" charged upon the Whole of the said Land Revenues of the Crown Middlesex, situate within the Cities of London and Westminster and the County of Middlesex (subject and without Prejudice to the Loan so advanced by the said Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills, and the Provisions made by the said recited Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign for the Repayment thereof, and for the Payment of the Interest thereon as aforesaid); and such Revenues shall from thenceforth he subject and liable to the Repayment of such new Loan or Loans, and the Interest thereof, at such Rate, in such Manner, and by such Proportions, and at such Time or Times, as shall be stipulated and agreed upon by and between the said Commissioners for the Time being for executing the said recited Act of the Seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, and the Person or Persons,

Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Company or Companies making such Advance, and as shall be mentioned, specified, or expressed in the said Certificate; and the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, is and are hereby authorized, empowered, and required to make such Payments accordingly, when and as the same shall become due and payable, out of the said Land Revenues of the Crown situate within the Cities of London and Westminster and the County of Middlesex, after Payment of the necessary Charges of the Management thereof prior to any

388

C. 61.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

other Application of such Land Revenues (save and except so far as such Revenues are or ought to be applied in the Payment of the said Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds so advanced by the said Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills as aforesaid, and in the Payment of the Interest thereof in the mean Time as aforesaid).

Certificates may

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful be transferred. to an(i for any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Company or Companies, entitled to the Monies advanced or remaining due from Time to Time upon any such Certificate, in respect of any such Loan as aforesaid, and their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, at any Time, by Writing under his or their Hands and Seals, or under the Seal of such Body Politic or Corporate, or Company, to transfer such Certificate, and the Money remaining due thereon, to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and every such Transfer may be in the Form or to the Effect following:

Seals of Two of tl

Forests, and Land Revenues, acting in Execution of an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled [here set forth the Title of the former Act], and of an Act made in the Tenth Year of His said Majesty, intituled [here set forth the Title of this Act], upon the Credit of the Land Revenues of the Crown within the Cities of London and Westminster and County of Middlesex, do hereby transfer all my [or our] Right and Interest in and to the same Sum, and all Interest now due and to arise or accrue due thereon, unto his [or her or their] Executors, Administrators.

[or Successors], and Assigns. Dated the Day of

And every such Transfer or Assignment shall be iprolled in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenues of the Crown for the County of Middlesex, on Payment of the usual Fees; and a Minute or Docket thereof shall be entered and preserved in the Office of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues; and an Extract or Memorial thereof shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Commissioners for executing this Act; which Extract or Memorial shall specify and contain the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money thereby transferred, to which Book any Person interested shall at all seasonable Times have Access, and shall have free Liberty to inspect the same without Fee or Reward; and for the entering of every such Transfer the said Clerk shall be paid by the Person to whom such Transfer shall be made the Sum of One Guinea, and no more; and every such Transfer, after such Entry shall be made thereof as aforesaid, shall entitle the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, and Companies, to whom the same shall be made, and his or her Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security thereby transferred, and to receive the Money

Form of Transfer.

I A.B. [or We

-S-

] being entitled to the Sum

the

due

10° GEO. IV. C. 61.

389

due thereon when the same shall become payable, and the Interest thereof in the mean Time.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Warrant or Authority of the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, under his or their Hand or Hands, or under the Hands of any Three of them, for the raising any Sum or Sums of Money by virtue of this Act, in Part of the said Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds, shall be a sufficient Warrant or Authority to the Person or Persons advancing the same, that the Sum or Sums to be expressed in or authorized by such Warrant or Warrants to be raised do or doth still remain to be raised under or by virtue of the Powers of this Act, and that the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Company or Companies, advancing the same, shall not be bound to enquire what Sum or Sums of Money have or hath been previously raised, or do or doth remain to be raised, under the Powers or Provisions of this Act; but that the Sum or Sums of Money in or by every such Warrant expressed or authorized to be raised shall be deemed and taken, so far as respects the Person

or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Company or Companies, advancing or paying the same, to be a Sum or Sums yet remaining to be raised under the Powers and Provisions of this Act, over and above all other Monies which shall have been previously raised by virtue of this Act, or of the Powers or Authorities herein contained; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the annual Produce of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown shall cease to be carried unto and form Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and shall be retained by the Crown as Part of its hereditary Revenue, the same shall be charged and chargeable with the Payment to the Consolidated Fund of so much of the said Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds (if any) as shall have been borrowed under the Authority of this Act, and afterwards paid off out of the annual Income of the said Possessions and Land Revenues as aforesaid previously to such Resumption, together with Interest for the same at the Rate of Four Pounds per Cent, per Annum, to be computed from the Time of such Resumption; and such Land Revenues shall be thenceforth applicable to the Repayment of such Principal Sum, if any, and Interest for the same as aforesaid, prior to any other Application thereof, except the Charges attending the Management thereof, and the Payment and Discharge of any Sum or Sums now already charged thereon or to be charged thereon by virtue of this or any other Act, and the Interest thereof, or of so much thereof as shall from Time to Time remain unpaid and undischarged.

VIII. And Whereas by the said in Part recited Act of the

Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty it was enacted, that it should be lawful for the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said Act to take or use, for the Purposes of the said Act, so much of the Burial Ground of the

Parish of Saint Martin-in-the-Fields as lay on the South Side of the said Church as might be required for the Purpose, and the

Warrant of the Treasury for raising Money by virtue of this Act shall be a sufficient Authority.

When the annual Produce of the Land Revenues shall be retained by the Crown, it shall be charged with Payment of the Money borrowed and Interest.

Commissioners empowered to make Vaults under St. Martin's Churchyard.

C. 61.

10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

9 GU. c. 70w

Ground so taken and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof should be and were thereby vested in the King's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the Purposes of the said Act; and it was thereby further enacted, that the said Commissioners acting

in the Execution of the said Act should be and were thereby empowered and required, out of the Monies to be applied for the Purposes of the said Act, to purchase or otherwise provide a Piece or Parcel of Ground, to be approved by the Lord

Bishop of London and the Vicar of the Parish of Saint Martin-in-the-Fields for the Time being, to be appropriated in enlarging that Part of the then present Burial Ground as was situated on the North and East Sides of the said Church, such additional

Ground to be used as and for a Burial Ground for the Parishioners of the said Parish of Saint Martin-in-the-Fields; and

to procure the same to be consecrated and settled for that Purpose, in such Manner as the Lord Bishop of London for the Time being, or such Person as he should appoint, should direct; and

to cause such Burial Ground to be made under Pavement, and inclosed in such Manner as the Lord Bishop of London, and the

Vicar of the said Parish of Saint Martin-in-the-Fields for the Time being should approve; and the said Commissioners should

cause a proper Gate or Gates to be erected as an Entrance thereto, with Locks and other Fastenings; and such new Burial Ground, and the Soil thereof, and the Freehold and Inheritance of the same in Fee Simple, should be vested in the same Manner, and should be subject to the same peculiar Jurisdictions

and Visitations, as the then present Burial Ground of the Parish of Saint Martin-in-the-Fields: And Whereas by an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled

An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for expending to Charing Cross, the Strand, and Places adjacent, the Powers of an Act for making a more convenient Communication from Mary-

le-bone Park, and for enabling the Commissioners of His Majestys Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, to grant Leases of the Site of Carlton Palace, and for other Purposes relating thereto, it was amongst other Things enacted, that whenever, at any Time after the passing of the now-reciting Act, it should be necessary, in pursuance and Execution of the said therein and herein before in Part recited Act, to open or disturb an}' Grave or Graves, or any Burial Vault or Vaults, in the said Burial Ground

of the said Parish of Saint Martin-in-the-Fields on the South Side of the said Church, it should be lawful for the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said recited Act, with the Consent of the Vicar and Churchwardens for the Time being of the said Parish of Saint Martin-in-the-Fields, or the major Part of them, to remove and carry away the Remains of any such Person or Persons as should have been interred or deposited in such Grave or Graves, Vault or Vaults, and place the same either in such new Burial Ground as by the said therein

and herein before in Part recited Act the said Commissioners were empowered and required to provide, or in any ether

Churchyard or consecrated Ground, in such Manner as the Lord Bishop of London for the Time being, or such Person or

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 61. 391

Persons as he might appoint, should direct, and that the Expences of such removing and carrying away and placing (not exceeding in any one Case the Sum of Ten Pounds) should be paid by the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said therein and herein before in Part recited Act, out of the Monies to be applied for the Purposes of the said Act: And Whereas, for the greater Accommodation of the Interment of Bodies within the Parish of Saint Martin-in the-Fields aforesaid, and in order more effectually to enable the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said recited Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to remove the Remains of the Persons now interred in the present Burial Ground of the said Parish, the said Commissioners have proposed to make a Vault or Vaults for that Purpose under the present Churchyard, on the North, East, and South Sides of Saint Martins Church aforesaid; Be"it therefore further enacted,

That the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said recited Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as aforesaid, shall be and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by and with the Consent of the Vicar and Churchwardens of the said Parish of Saint Martin-in-the-Fields, or the major Part of them, when and so soon as they shall think it expedient so to do, to make, form, and complete a Vault or Vaults under the North, East, and South Sides of the present Churchyard of the Parish of Saint Martin-in-the-Fields aforesaid, or under such Part or Parts thereof as they shall think necessary and proper for that Purpose; such Vault or Vaults to be approved by the Lord Bishop of London, and to be used as and for a Burial Vault or Vaults for the Parishioners of the said Parish.

IX. And be it further enacted, That whenever at any Time Commissioners after the passing of this Act it shall be necessary, in pursuance empowered to and Execution of the said in Part recited Acts, or of this Act, or remove Bodies, either of them, to open or disturb any Grave or Graves, or any Burial Vault or Vaults, in the Burial Ground of the said Parish of Saint Martin-in-the-Fields aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said recited Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty aforesaid, with the Consent of the Vicar and Churchwardens for the Time being of the said Parish of Saint Martin-in-the-Fields, or the major Part of them, to remove and carry away the Remains of any such Person or Persons as shall have been interred or de* posited in such Grave or Graves, Vault or Vaults, and place the same either in such new Burial Ground as by the said in Part recited Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty the said Commissioners are empowered and required to provide, or in the Vault or Vaults herein-before authorized to be made by them, or in any other Churchyard, Vault, or consecrated Ground, in such Manner as the Lord Bishop of London for the Time being, or such Person or Persons as he may appoint, shall direct; and that the Expences of such removing, carrying away, and placing (not exceeding in any one Case the Sum of Ten Pounds), shall be paid by the said Commissioners acting in Execution of the said recited Act of the Seventh Year of the

392

For removing Doubts as to the Provisions of 7 G. 4. C. 77. respecting the Stands for Hackney Coaches in the Strand *

Commissioners empowered to purchase or take on Lease the Houses forming the Angle of Pall

C. 61. 10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

Reign of His present Majesty as aforesaid, out of the Monies to be applied for the Purposes of the said Act.

X. And Whereas by the said recited Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty it is enacted, that the said Commissioners for executing the said Act should and they were thereby authorized, from Time to Time, to appoint fit and convenient Places in such of the Streets, Squares, Ways, Passages, and Places to be made and improved under or by virtue of the said Act, or which had been made or improved by the said recited Act, as they should deem proper, for the

Stands for Hackney Coaches, Hackney Chariots, and Cabriolets; and it was thereby further enacted, that if any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage should be left to stand or remain in any of the Streets, Squares, Ways, Passages, and Places to be made, altered, or improved under or by virtue of the said Act, with or without Horses, for any longer Time than should be necessary for the loading and unloading; or if any Hackney Coach, Hackney Chariot, Cabriolet, Stage Coach, Post Chaise, or other Carriage let to Hire, should be left to stand or remain in any of

such Streets, Squares, Ways, Passages, or Places, other than in such Situations as should be appointed for Stands for such Carriages as aforesaid, with or without Horses, for any longer Time than should be reasonable and necessary for taking up or setting down Passengers, for loading or unloading their Baggage or other Loading (except for Repair in case of Accidents); then and in every such Case the Owner or Driver of every such Carriage should, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings: And Whereas the greater

Part of the Houses and Buildings on the North Side of the Strand, extending from the East End of Exeter Change to Charing Cross aforesaid, will be taken down and rebuilt under the Powers vested in the said Commissioners by the said recited Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty

as aforesaid; but as some Portion of such last-mentioned Houses and Buildings will not be removed or taken down. *Doubts have been entertained whether the whole Line of the said Street

called the Strand, extending from the East End of Exeter Change to Charing Cross aforesaid, is within the said recited Provisions of the said Act, and it is expedient that such Doubts

should be removed; Be it therefore further enacted, That the said last herein-before recited Provisions contained in the said Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as aforesaid, and the Powers and Remedies thereby given to and vested in the said Commissioners for carrying the said Act into Execution, shall extend to and be deemed and taken to comprise and include the Whole of the said Line of Street called the Strand, extending from the East End of Exeter Change to Charing Cross aforesaid, for the Purposes therein mentioned and declared.

XI. And Whereas it would be an Accommodation to the Public, and a great Addition to the Improvements contem-

plated by the said recited Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, if the Commissioners therein named were authorized and empowered to take, down the projecting Parts of the Houses forming the Angle of PaU Mail and

10° GEO. IV. C. 61.

393

Cockspur Street, situate in the Parishes of Saint Martin-in-the-Fields and Saint James Westminster, or One of them, now or:* late in the several Occupations of Montague Levyson and Edward Sharpus, and to lay Part of the Ground on which such Houses are erected and built into the public Street, for the Pur-

pose of widening the same; but as such Alteration and Improve-

ment is not included in the Improvements authorized to be made by the said recited Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, the same cannot be effected without

the Aid and Authority of Parliament; Be it therefore further enacted, That in order to enable the said Commissioners to take down and remove the said projecting Parts of the Houses forming the said Angle of Pali Mall and Cockspur Street aforesaid, and to widen the said last-mentioned Street, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Time being for carrying the said; recited Act into Execution, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to purchase the said Houses forming the Angle of Fall Mall and Cockspur Street aforesaid, now or late in the several Occupations of Montague Levyson and Edward Sharpus, with the Appurtenances, and any subsisting Leases, Terms, Estates, and Interests therein, or Charges thereon, or such of them, or such Part or Parts thereof respectively, as the said Commissioners shall think proper; and in case the Whole of the said Houses and Premises shall not be so purchased, to take, on Behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, of and from any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, any Lease or Leases of the said several Houses and Premises, or any Part or Parts thereof, for such Period, at such Rent, and with or without any Fine, subject to such Covenants, Conditions, and Provisoes, and on such Terms as to the said Commissioners shall seem meet, and to enter into such Contracts and Agreements for the Purposes aforesaid as to the said Commissioners shall seem proper; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants m Tail or for Life, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, and Feoffees in Trust for charitable or other Purposes, Committees, Executors, and Administrators, and all other Trustees and Persons whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of the Person or Persons entitled in Remainder or Reversion, or for any other future Interest, and also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts or Wards, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, or entitled to Dower or other Interest therein, and particularly for the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter Westminster, and to and for all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised or possessed of or interested in the said Houses and Hereditaments herein-before mentioned, or any of them, or any Part thereof respectively, to contract for, sell, and convey the same, and every or any Part thereof, to the said Commissioners, and to grant any Lease or Leases of such or of such Parts of the said several Houses and Premises as shall not be absolutely sold, or

Mall and Cockspur Street.

394 C. 61. 10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

any Part or Parts thereof, to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, on Behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for such Period, at such Rent, and with or without any Fine, and subject to such Covenants, Conditions, and Provisoes, and on such Terms, as to such Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall seem meet, and to enter into such Contracts and Agreements for the Purposes aforesaid as to the said Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or Person or Persons, shall seem proper; and all. Contracts, Agreements, Bargains, Sales, Leases, Conveyances and Assurances, Acts and Deeds, which shall be made by such Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall be valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all Persons whomsoever, contracting, conveying, or demising as aforesaid, are hereby indemnified for or in respect of any such Contract, Sale, or Demise, which he, she, or they, or any of them, shall respectively make by virtue or in pursuance of this Act; and all and every Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, and the said Dean and Chapter, and other Person or Persons herein-before capacitated to contract for, sell, convey, and demise such Tenements or Hereditaments herein-before mentioned, and any other Owner or Owners of any such Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Share or Shares, Estate or Estates, Interest or Interests therein, may accept and receive such Satisfaction or Recompence for the Value thereof, or such Sum of Money in respect thereof, as shall be agreed upon between them respectively and the said Commissioners for the Time being for carrying the said recited Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty into Execution.

---

[If Leases are granted of the said Houses, the Commissioners to give Security for the due Performance of the Covenants.]

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Lease shall be granted of the said Houses and Hereditaments or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, under the Powers hereinbefore contained, to the said Commissioners, or to any other Person or Persons, on Behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to give such Security for the due Payment of the Rent to be reserved, and the due Performance of the Covenants to be contained in such Lease, and on the Part of the Lessee or Lessees to be paid and performed, as to the said Commissioners shall seem meet, by Way of Charge on the Funds which, under the said Acts of the Fifty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, and the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be from Time to Time at the Disposal of the said Commissioners, and on the Whole of the Land Revenues of the Crown under the Management and Control of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues; and every Security so given shall be good, valid, and effectual.

[Loans and Deeds exempted from Stamp Duties.]

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Loan which shall be advanced, nor any Certificate or Receipt which shall be made or given for the same by virtue of this Act, nor any Agreement, Deed, or Instrument in relation thereto, nor any Grant, Lease, Counterpart, or other Deed or Instrument to be executed pursuant

A.D. 1829. 10° GEO. IV. C. 61, 62. 895

to this Act, shall be subject or liable to any ad valorem Duty, or other Stamp Duty whatsoever, imposed by any Act or Acts now in Force, nor to any Stamp Duty to be imposed by any future Act or Acts, unless such Loan or Certificate, Receipt, Agreement, Grant, Lease, Counterpart, or other Deed or Instrument, shall be specially subjected and specifically charged in and by such future Act or Acts.

CAP. LXII.

An Act to exclude Persons accepting Offices in the East Indies from being Members of the House of Commons.

[24th June 1829.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne,

[6 Anne, c. 7.]

intituled An Act for the Security of Her Majesty's Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line, it is amongst other Things enacted, that no Person who should be a Governor or Deputy Governor of any of the Plantations should be capable of being elected or of sitting or voting as a Member of the House of Commons: And Whereas Doubts have been entertained how far the Provisions of the said Act extend to Persons holding the Office of Governor General or of Governor of any of the Settlements or Presidencies under the Authority of the East India Company; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[No Person appointed Governor, &c. in India, shall be capable of sitting in the House of Commons.]

That no Person who shall be hereafter appointed Governor or Deputy Governor of any of the Settlements, Presidencies, Territories, or Plantations of the said East India Company, shall be capable of being elected or of sitting or voting as a Member of the House of Commons while he shall continue to hold such Office.

[Election of such Persons declared void.]

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person hereby declared to be incapable to sit or vote as a Member of the House of Commons shall nevertheless be returned as a Member to serve in Parliament, such Election and Return are hereby enacted and declared to be void;

[Penalty on Persons so sitting or voting.]

and if any Person declared by this Act incapable of being elected shall sit or vote as a Member of the House of Commons, such Person so sitting or voting shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds to such Person or Persons who shall sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts at; and the Money so forfeited shall be recovered by the Persons so suing, with full Costs of Suit, in any of the said Courts, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in which no Essoign, Privilege, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

396 C. 63. 10° GEO. IV. A.D. 1829.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act to render valid an Act to amend the Law relating to the Employment of Children in Cotton Mills and Factories.

[24th June 1829.]

WHEREAS a Bill, intituled An Act to amend the Law relating to the Employment of Children in Cotton Mills and Factories, passed the Commons and was sent to the Lords on the Fourth Day of this instant June, and was agreed to by the Lords, with an Amendment: And Whereas the said Bill so amended was not returned to the Commons for their Agreement to such Amendment, but was by Mistake included amongst the Bills which received the Royal Assent on Friday the Nineteenth Day of this instant June: And Whereas since the said Bill received the Royal Assent the said Amendment has been approved of by the Commons; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Act,

[10 G. 4. c. 51. made valid.]

intituled An Act to amend the Law relating to the Employment of Children in Cotton Mills and Factories, shall be as valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Amendment made by the Lords had been agreed to by the Commons before the said Act received the Royal Assent.

[Local & Private acts moved to separate file.]

