THE

STATUTES

OF

THE UNITED KINGDOM

OF

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND,

60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. 1819-1820. And 1° GEO. IV. 1820.

LONDON:

Printed by His Majesty's Statute and Law Printers;

And sold by J. Butterworth and Son, Law Booksellers, in Fleet-Street.

1820.

(Price 18s. in Boards.)

A

TABLE

Containing the TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

Passed in the SECOND Session of the SIXTH Parliament

OF

The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland;

60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

60° GEO. III.

1. AN Act to prevent the Training of Persons to the Use of Arms, and to the Practice of Military Evolutions and Exercise. Page 1.

2. An Act to authorise Justices of the Peace, in certain disturbed Counties, to seize and detain Arms collected or kept for purposes dangerous to the Public Peace; to continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty two. 3

3. An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates, in England; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty. 7

4. An Act to prevent Delay in the Administration of Justice in Cases of Misdemeanor. 11

5. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, to make further Provision for the Regulation of Cotton Mills and Factories, and for the Preservation of the Health of young Persons employed therein. 14

6. An Act for more effectually preventing Seditious Meetings and Assemblies; to continue in force until the End of the Session of Parliament next after Five Years from the passing of the Act. 15

7. An Act to amend an Act of the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trial of Controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament for Ireland. 28

8. An Act for the more effectual Prevention and Punishment of blasphemous and seditious Libels. 30

9. An Act to subject certain Publications to the Duties of Stamps upon Newspapers, and to make other Regulations for restraining the Abuses arising from the Publication of blasphemous and seditious Libels. Page 33

1° GEO. IV.

10. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Time limited for certain of those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty one; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attorneys and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and to allow Persons to make and file such Affidavits, although the Persons whom they served shall have neglected to take out their Annual Certificates. 43

11. An Act for the better Regulation of Polls, and for making further Provision touching the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Ireland. Ibid.

12. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, such Laws as may expire within a limited Period. 64

13. An Act for continuing an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. Ibid.

14. An Act to remedy certain Inconveniences in local and exclusive Jurisdictions. 66

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLICK,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

60° GEO. III.

i. AN Act to continue, until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, an Act passed in the Fifty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to alter and amend an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal the Acts now in force relating to Bread to be sold in the City of London and the Liberties thereof and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange; and to prevent the Adulteration of Meal, Flour and Bread, and to regulate the Weights of Bread within the same Limits.

1° GEO. IV.

ii. An Act for regulating and supporting a new Church or Chapel within the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for the Solemnization of Marriages therein. Page 67

iii. An Act to continue and amend several Acts for building a Bridge over the River Lea, at Jeremy's Ferry, and for repairing Roads from thence into the great Roads at Snaresbrooke, in the County of Essex, and at Clapton, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

iv. An Act to amend an Act made in the Fifty ninth Year of His late Majesty, for making and maintaining certain Turnpike Roads within the County of Dumfries, and the other Highways, Bridges and Ferries therein; and for more effectually converting into Money the Statute Labour in the said County. Ibid.

v. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Buildwas Bridge, to join the Watling Street Road, at Tern Bridge, in the County of Salop. Ibid.

vi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of King George the Second and His late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Market House in the Town of Much Wenlock, and from Gleeton Hill to Cressage, in the County of Salop. Ibid.

PRIVATE ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

60° GEO. III.

1. AN Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Lexden, within the Liberties of the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex.

[Power for Rector to lease.]

2. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor of Wythop, in the Parish of Brigham, in the County of Cumberland.

1° GEO. IV.

3. An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Parish of Hinxton in the County of Cambridge.

[Allotment to Impropriator and Vicar in lieu of Glebe and Right of Common. Allotment for Tithes. Allotments to be accepted in lieu of all Great and Small Tithes. Vicar may lease his Allotment.]

A

TABLE

Containing the TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

Passed in the FIRST Session of the SEVENTH Parliament

OF

The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland;

1° GEORGII IV.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

1. AN Act for the Support of His Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. Page 68

2. An Act to enable His Majesty to be Governor of the South Sea Company. 76

3. An Act for the Removal of Doubts as to the Continuance of Three Acts for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England. 77

4. An Act for punishing criminally Drivers of Stage Coaches and Carriages for Accidents occasioned by their wilful Misconduct. 78

5. An Act to enable Courts of Equity in Ireland to compel a Transfer of Stock in Suits, without making the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or any Canal Company, Party thereto. Ibid.

6. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the Fifty fifth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, for enabling Spiritual Persons to exchange their Parsonage Houses or Glebe Lands, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. 80

7. An Act to repeal so much of several Acts as requires Bonds to be given to His Majesty in certain Cases, and the taking of certain Oaths in Matters relating to the Revenue of Customs, and to prevent Fees being offered or given to Officers and other Persons in the Service of the Customs. 81

8. An Act to allow a Drawback on Goods, Wares and Merchandise imported into any British Colony or Plantation in America, on the Exportation thereof to any Foreign Country to which they may be legally exported. 87

9. An Act for granting the Privileges of British Ships to Vessels built at Malta, Gibraltar and Heligoland, and certain of those Privileges to Vessels built in the British Settlements at Honduras. 88

10. An Act for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty. Page 90

11. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, an Act of the Fifty seventh Year of His late Majesty, for regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from The Cape of Good Hope, and for regulating the Trade of the Island of Mauritius. 91

12. An Act to extend several Acts for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandise to Morant Bay, in the Island of Jamaica. Ibid.

13. An Act for funding Exchequer Bills to a certain Amount, and for raising a Sum of Money by way of Annuities, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty. 93

14. An Act to repeal the Drawback on certain Gold Articles exported; and to permit the Exportation of Cordage, entitled to Bounty, free from Right of Preemption by the Commissioners of the Navy. 94

15. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, an Act of the Twenty eighth Year of His late Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufacture of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain. 95

16. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, an Act of the Fifty ninth Year of His late Majesty, to continue certain Laws of Excise with regard to Crown Glass and Flint and Phial Glass, and to alter certain Laws with regard to Flint Glass. 96

17. An Act for raising the Sum of Five Millions by way of Annuities. Ibid.

18. An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, an Act of the Fifty eighth Year of His late Majesty, for preventing Aliens from becoming naturalised, or being made or becoming Denizens, except in certain Cases. Ibid.

19. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. 97

20. An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore. 108

21. An Act to enable the Chief Justice of the King's Bench, or in his Absence any Judge of the same Court, to try Middlesex Issues at Nisi Prius elsewhere than in Westminster Hall. 112

22. An Act for raising a Loan of Twelve Millions from the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt. 113

23. An Act to provide for the Charge of the Addition to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty. 116

24. An Act to amend and continue, until the Twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, an Act of the Fifty second Year of His late Majesty, for the more effectual Preservation of the Peace, by enforcing the Duties of Watching and Warding. 119

25. An Act to repeal Part of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, relative to the Manufacture of Sail Cloth. Page 120

26. An Act for the Encouragement and Improvement of the Coasting Trade of Ireland. 121

27. An Act to regulate the Appointment and Tenure of the Office of Clerk of the Peace in Ireland. 125

28. An Act to repeal an Act made in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for regulating the Fees of Coroners in Ireland, upon holding Inquisitions, and to make other Provisions for that Purpose. 128

29. An Act to enlarge the Powers of the Governors of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin. 130

30. An Act for relieving Ewart Rutson and Company of Liverpool, and others, from the Bonds granted for the Duties on certain Spirits accidentally destroyed. 131

31. An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty nine Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty. Ibid.

32. An Act to permit the Importation of Coffee from any Foreign Colony or Plantation in America into the Port of Bridgetown in Barbadoes. Ibid.

33. An Act to amend and continue, until the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, several Laws relating to the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries, to the allowing Vessels employed in the said Fisheries to complete their full Number of Men at certain Ports. 132

34. An Act for further continuing, until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, so much of an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of His late Majesty as permits Subjects of His Majesty the King of the Netherlands to import and export certain Articles into and from the Colonies of Demerara, Berbice and Essequibo, in Ships not of the Built of the Dominions of His said Majesty. 134

35. An Act for the better securing Monies and Effects paid into the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, on account of the Suitors of the said Court, and for the Appointment of an Accountant General and Two Masters of the said Court; and for other Purposes. 135

36. An Act for allowing Appeals from Towns Corporate and Franchises, in certain Cases, to the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the Counties in which they are situate. 152

37. An Act to increase the Power of Magistrates in the Appointment of Special Constables. Ibid.

38. An Act for fixing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers. 154

39. An Act for the Assistance of Trade and Manufactures in Ireland, by authorising the Advance of certain Sums for the Support of Commercial Credit there. 155

40. An Act to amend and explain an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty ninth Year of His late Majesty, to enable certain Persons to recover a just Compensation for the Tithes withheld from them in the Years One thousand seven hundred and ninety seven and One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight. 172

41. An Act to extend the Benefit of Two Acts, made in the Fifty sixth and Fifty eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for amending the Law of Ireland respecting the Recovery of Tenements from absconding, overholding and defaulting Tenants. Page 173

42. An Act to authorise a Composition for the Debt remaining due to His Majesty from the late Abraham Goldsmid Merchant, and his surviving Partners. 174

43. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Smuggling, and the Coasting Trade in Great Britain. Ibid.

44. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, an Act of the Fifty ninth Year of His late Majesty, for rendering the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, arising in Great Britain, available for the Public Service. 186

45. An Act to continue certain Duties on several Articles, the Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland respectively, on their Importation into either Country from the other. 187

46. An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds British Currency, by Treasury Bills in Ireland, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty. 190

47. An Act to revive and to continue for Two Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, Two Acts, made in the Forty seventh and Fiftieth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the preventing improper Persons from having Arms in Ireland. Ibid.

48. An Act to revive and continue for Two Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Laws relating to Yeomanry Corps in Ireland. 191

49. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the House of Industry in Dublin. 192

50. An Act to carry into Effect certain Licences, permitting the Removal of Negro Slaves from the Bahama Islands to Demerara. 194

51. An Act to regulate the rebuilding of the Town of Saint John's in Newfoundland, and for indemnifying Persons giving up Ground for that Purpose. 196

52. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His late Majesty, for permitting the Importation of Masts, Yards, Bowsprits, and Timber fit for Naval Purposes, from the British Colonies in North America. Ibid.

53. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, so much of an Act of the Fifty ninth Year of His late Majesty, as allows Santa Maria Wood and Teake Wood to be imported free of Duty. Ibid.

54. An Act to continue, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, Two Acts of the Forty fifth and Fiftieth Years of His late Majesty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders to London and Westminster by Inland Navigation. 197

55. An Act for giving further Facilities to the Proceedings in the Court of King's Bench, and for giving certain Powers to Justices of Assize. Page 198

56. An Act for the summary Punishment, in certain Cases, of Persons wilfully or maliciously damaging or committing Trespasses on public or private Property. 201

57. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to abolish the Punishment of public Whipping on Female Offenders, and to make further Provisions in lieu thereof. 204

58. An Act for the better securing the Excise Duties on Paper and Pasteboard. 205

59. An Act to amend, revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, an Act of the Fifty second Year of His late Majesty, for regulating the Separation of damaged from sound Coffee, and for permitting Dealers to send out any Quantity of Coffee, not exceeding Eight Pounds Weight, without Permit. 226

60. An Act to amend and continue Two Acts passed in the Fifty seventh Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, for authorising the Issue of Exchequer Bills and the Advance of Money for carrying on of Public Works and Fisheries, and Employment of the Poor; and to extend the Powers of the Commissioners for executing the said Acts in Great Britain. 227

61. An Act to charge additional Duties on the Importation of certain Articles into the Isle of Man, and to regulate the Trade of the said Island. 243

62. An Act to continue, until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, an Act of the Fifty ninth Year of His late Majesty, for staying Proceedings against any Governor or other Persons concerned in imposing and levying Duties in New South Wales; for continuing certain Duties; and for empowering the said Governor to levy a Duty on Spirits made in the said Colony. 248

63. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, an Act of the Twenty ninth Year of King George the Second, for granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and for taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax. Ibid.

64. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, an Act made in the Fifty eighth Year of His late Majesty, to repeal the several Bounties on the Exportation of refined Sugar from the United Kingdom, and to allow other Bounties in lieu thereof, and to reduce the Size of the Packages in which refined Sugar may be exported. 249

65. An Act to continue, until the Thirtieth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His late Majesty, for the effectual Examination of the Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of the Colonial Revenues in the Islands of Ceylon, Mauritius, Malta, Trinidad, and in the Settlements of The Cape of Good Hope. 250

66. An Act to continue, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, Two Acts of the Fifty fourth Year of His late Majesty, for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace in and near the Metropolis, and for the Prevention of Depredations on the River Thames. Page 251

67. An Act to continue, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, the Low Duties on Coals and Culm carried coastwise to any Port within the Principality of Wales. Ibid.

68. An Act for the better Administration of Justice in the Court of Exchequer Chamber in Ireland. 252

69. An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of His late Majesty, for erecting a Harbour for Ships to the Eastward of Dunleary, within the Port of Dublin; and to provide for the Erection of a Western Pier to the said Harbour of Dunleary. 256

70. An Act for improving the Roads between London and Chirk, in the County of Denbigh, by Coventry, Birmingham and Shrewsbury. 263

71. An Act to enlarge the Time and Powers for carrying the New Street Act into Execution; and to extend the Provisions of an Act, for ratifying an Agreement made with Lord Gage, and for the better Management and Improvement of the Land Revenues of the Crown. 269

72. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries. 281

73. An Act to extend the Period allowed to Persons compounding for their Assessed Taxes, and to give further Relief in certain cases therein mentioned. 285

74. An Act to grant certain Duties in Scotland upon Wash and Spirits made from Corn or Grain, and upon Licences for making and keeping of Stills; and to consolidate and amend the Laws for the Distillation of such Spirits for Home Consumption; and for better preventing private Distillation in Scotland. 294

75. An Act for charging a Duty of Excise on certain Sorts of unmanufactured Tobacco imported into Great Britain from the Place of its Growth. 352

76. An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the Fifty seventh Year of His late Majesty, as prohibits the Sale in England of any Spirits not being Spirits of Wine, British Brandy, British Gin, or Compounds. 354

77. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, several Acts for regulating the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally, to consolidate the countervailing Excise Duties payable on the Importation of Irish Spirits into Great Britain, and to amend the countervailing Excise Duties paid on the Importation of Irish Spirits from Scotland. 355

78. An Act to reduce the Duties payable upon Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail in certain Cities, Towns and Places in Ireland; and to amend the several Acts for securing the Payment of the Duties of Excise upon certain Licences in Ireland; and also to amend the Laws relating to Licensed Brewers in Ireland. 358

79. An Act for making Allowances to licensed Brewers in Ireland, on account of the additional Duty on Malt used by them within a certain Period. Page 361

80. An Act allowing Importers of Sugar in Ireland to give Certificates for Sugar sold by them, in lieu of Permits. 364

81. An Act to amend several Acts made in the Fifty seventh and Fifty eighth Years of His late Majesty, for the Advance of Money for carrying on Public Works, and for other Purposes, so far as the said Acts relate to Ireland. 366

82. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the Encouragement and Improvement of the Irish Fisheries. 371

83. An Act to amend Two Acts of the Fifty seventh and Fifty eighth Years of His late Majesty, for the Encouragement of Banks for Savings in England. 379

84. An Act to regulate the Payment of Army Prize Money. 387

85. An Act to make further Provisions respecting Naval Prize Money. 388

86. An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent Expenses of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain; and to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Surgeons' Mates and Serjeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty one. 391

87. An Act for enabling Landlords more speedily to recover Possession of Lands and Tenements unlawfully held over by Tenants. 393

88. An Act to continue, until the Thirty first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, an Act of the Fifty seventh Year of His late Majesty, for letting to farm the Post Horse Duties, and to amend the Acts relating to the Post Horse Duties. 396

89. An Act for imposing additional Rates and Duties on the Conveyance of Letters between Port Patrick in Scotland and Donaghadee in Ireland. 400

90. An Act to remove Doubts, and to remedy Defects, in the Law, with respect to certain Offences committed upon the Sea, or within the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty. 401

91. An Act to authorise the Paymasters of Royal Marines to issue Pay, not exceeding a certain Sum, to the Representatives of deceased Officers and Private Men, without Probate or Administration. 403

92. An Act for the further Prevention of forging and counterfeiting of Bank Notes. 404

93. An Act to amend and render more effectual the Provisions of divers Acts, for securing to certain Artificers, Workmen and Labourers, in such Acts mentioned, the due Payment of their Wages. 406

94. An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof. 410

95. An Act for obtaining Returns from Turnpike Road Trusts of the Amount of their Revenues, and Expense of maintaining the same. 423

96. An Act for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances to Officers and Quartermasters of the said Militia during Peace. Page 428

97. An Act to revive and to continue, for One Year, the several Acts for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland. 431

98. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of His late Majesty, for the Establishment of Asylums for the Lunatic Poor in Ireland. Ibid.

99. An Act to enable the East India Company to raise and maintain a Corps of Volunteer Infantry. 433

100. An Act for amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament, Two several Acts, passed in the Thirty sixth and Thirty ninth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the better ordering and further regulating of the Militia of the City of London. 434

101. An Act to enable the Examination of Witnesses to be taken in India in support of Bills of Divorce on account of Adultery committed in India. 452

102. An Act for making general the Provisions of an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for removing Difficulties in the Conviction of Offenders stealing Property from Mines. 454

103. An Act for the further Encouragement and Improvement of the British Fisheries. 455

104. An Act to enable His Majesty to defray the Charge of a certain Barrack by the Grant of an Annuity on the Consolidated Fund. 457

105. An Act to continue, for Two Years, an Act of the Fifty sixth Year of His late Majesty, for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in or resident in this Kingdom, in certain Cases. 460

106. An Act to enable Chaplains in the Navy, presented to either of the Livings of Simonburn, Wark, Bellingham, Thorneyburn, Fallstone, or Greystead, in the County of Northumberland, to receive their Half Pay; and for other Purposes relating to the said Livings. Ibid.

107. An Act for appropriating to the Use of the Master of the Rolls for the time being the Rents of the Rolls Estate, and the Dividends of the Funds in the Court of Chancery arising from the Surplus Rents of that Estate. 463

108. An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle Annuities upon certain Branches of the Royal Family, in lieu of Annuities which have ceased upon the Demise of His late Majesty. 466

109. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant Pensions to Officers and Attendants upon His late Majesty, and other Persons to whom His said late Majesty had granted Pensions and Allowances. 469

110. An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty. 470

111. An Act for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. 470

112. An Act for improving and completing the Harbour of Port Patrick in Scotland, so as to render the same a more fit Situation for His Majesty's Packets. 485

113. An Act for granting a certain Sum of Money towards improving the Harbour of Donaghadec in Ireland, and rendering it a more fit Situation for His Majesty's Packets. 496

114. An Act for enabling William Blackall Simonds Esquire to sell or mortgage his Estate and Interest in the Impropriate Rectory of Caversham, in the County of Oxford, free from the Claims of the Crown. 513

115. An Act to repeal so much of the several Acts passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of Elizabeth, the Fourth of George the First, the Fifth and Eighth of George the Second, as inflicts Capital Punishments on certain Offences therein specified, and to provide more suitable and effectual Punishment for such Offences. Ibid.

116. An Act to repeal so much of the several Acts passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of Philip and Mary, the Eighteenth of Charles the Second, the Ninth of George the First, and the Twelfth of George the Second, as indicts Capital Punishment on certain Offences therein specified. 516

117. An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of King William the Third, intituled An Act for the better apprehending, prosecuting and punishing of Felons that commit Burglary, Housebreaking or Robbery, in Shops, Warehouses, Coachhouses or Stables, or that steal Horses, as takes away the Benefit of Clergy from Persons privately stealing in any Shop, Warehouse, Coachhouse or Stable, any Goods, Wares or Merchandises of the Value of Five Shillings; and for more effectually preventing the Crime of stealing privately in Shops, Warehouses, Coachhouses or Stables. 518

118. An Act for reducing, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, the Duty on Malt made from Bear or Bigg only, for Home Consumption in Scotland. 519

119. An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England; to continue in force until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty five. 527

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

DECLARED PUBLICK AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

i. AN Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the Roads therein described, so far as the said Acts relate to the Roads leading from Ferrybridge, through Wetherby, to Borough bridge, in the County of York. 552

ii. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the Road from Knaresborough to Green Hammerton, in the County of York Page 552

iii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His late Majesty King George the Third, for repairing the Road from the Moot Hall, in Wirksworth, to the Turnpike Road leading from Derby to Brassington; and from the said Moot Hall to another Turnpike Road leading from Wirksworth Moor to Matlock Bath, at or near to the Steeple House in Wirksworth aforesaid, all in the County of Derby. 553

iv. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, Two Acts, of the Fifty ninth and Sixtieth Years of His late Majesty, for regulating the Weight and Sale of Bread. Ibid.

v. An Act for repealing an Act of His late Majesty's Reign, for making a Harbour in the Cove of Beer, in the County of Devon, and for granting more effectual Powers for effecting the Purpose aforesaid. Ibid.

vi. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His late Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Blything, in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

vii. An Act for regulating the Repairs of the Bridges in the County of Montgomery. Ibid.

viii. An Act for lighting with Gas the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

ix. An Act for lighting with Gas the Borough of Derby. Ibid.

x. An Act for incorporating the City of Gloucester Gas Light Company. Ibid.

xi. An Act for lighting with Gas the City of Norwich, and County of the same City. Ibid.

xii. An Act for repealing an Act of His late Majesty's Reign, for paving and improving the Parish of Saint Clement, in the Town and Port of Hastings, in the County of Sussex, and for granting other and more effectual Powers in lieu thereof; for paving and otherwise improving the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, and for repairing the Highways within the said Parish and the Parish of All Saints, and that Part of the Parish of Saint Mary in the Castle which is situate within the Liberties of the said Town and Port. Ibid.

xiii. An Act for reviving, extending and varying the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty sixth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, for making and widening certain Streets, Passages and Places in the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for several other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, and also for further improving the said Town. 554

xiv. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His late Majesty's Reign, for amending the Road leading out of the Highway from Wigan to Golborn and Warrington, into the Road from Wigan to Ashton, in Ashton in Mackerfield, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

xv. An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed for amending the Roads from the City of Chester to the Woodside Ferry in the County of Chester, and other Roads therein mentioned, and for making a Diversion in some Part of the said Roads. Page 554

xvi. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Town of Cheltenham to join the present Turnpike Road from Cheltenham to Painswick, at or near to Prinknash Park Wall, in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

xvii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty seventh Year of His late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hulmes Chapel in the County Palatine of Chester, to the South Bridge in Chelford, in the said County. Ibid.

xviii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Kirkby Kendall in the County of Westmoreland, to Kirkby Ireleth, in the County of Lancaster. 555

xix. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cheadle to Quickshill Bank, and from Bears Brook to Rocester in the County of Stafford; and for making a new Road from Denston to Rocester in the said County. Ibid.

xx. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act of His late Majesty, for making and maintaining the Road from near Lightpill Gate, in the Parish of Rodborough, to near Birdlip, in the Parishes of Brimpsfield and Cowley, or one of them, all in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

xxi. An Act to improve certain Parts of the Line of Road between the Borough of Plymouth and the City of Exeter, through Ashburton and Chudleigh, in the County of Devon. Ibid.

xxii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Wansford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, to Stanford; and from Stanford to Bourn, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

xxiii. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Monk Bridge, near the City of York, to New Malton, and from thence to Scarborough, and also from Spittle House to Scarborough aforesaid, all in the County of York. Ibid.

xxiv. An Act to continue and amend Three Acts, passed in the Second, Twenty second and Thirty ninth Years of His late Majesty King George the Third, for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road at Weyhill, in the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Lyde Way, in the County of Wilts. 556

xxv. An Act to continue the Term, and to alter, amend and enlarge the Powers of the several Acts for repairing the Roads from Henshall's Smithy, upon Cranage Green, through Nether Knutsford, to Altrincham, and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County Palatine of Chester. Ibid.

xxvi. An Act for more effectually improving the Road from Greenhead through Haltwhistle, Hexham and Corbridge, to the Military Road near Shildon Bar, and for making a Branch Road from Corbridge to Heddon-on-the- Wall, all in the County of Northumberland; and for altering the Line of a certain Part of the said first mentioned Road. Page 556

xxvii. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His late Majesty, for making and repairing the Road from the Town of Stonehaven, through the Slug Mount, to the new Bridge over the River Dee at Cobleheugh, in the County of Kincardine. Ibid.

xxviii. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from or nearly from the Town of Stockport in the County Palatine of Chester, to or near unto the Town of Warrington in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and a Branch of Road to communicate therewith. Ibid.

xxix. An Act to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act of the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for making and maintaining the Road from or near Whiteburn in the County of Berwick, to the Town of Kelso in the County of Roxburgh. Ibid.

xxx. An Act for more effectually improving the Road from Gateshead, in the County of Durham, to the Church Lane near Ryton Lane Head, and from the Bar Moor to the Hexham Turnpike Road, near Dilston Bar, in the County of Northumberland, and other Roads therein described; and also for altering the Line of a certain Part of the first above mentioned Road. 557

xxxi. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and amending the Powers of Two Acts for repairing and widening the Roads from Gosport, through Fareham and Wickham, to Bishops Waltham; and from Wickham aforesaid to Chawton Pond, in the Parish of Chawton, all in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

xxxii. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving several Districts of Malmesbury Turnpike Roads, and other Roads connected therewith, in the Counties of Wilts, Berks and Gloucester. Ibid.

xxxiii. An Act for amending, diverting, altering, straightening, improving, completing and keeping in Repair several Roads leading from the Market House in the Town of Ludlow and elsewhere, in the County of Salop. Ibid.

xxxiv. An Act for repairing and improving the Road leading from the Town of Ludlow in the County of Salop, through Woofferton and Little Hereford, to a Place called Monk's Bridge, in the said County; and also from the said Town of Ludlow to a Place or House called The Maidenhead, at Orleton, in the said County of Hereford. Ibid.

xxxv. An Act for maintaining navigable the River Ure, and its collateral Cuts, from its Junction with the River Swale, to the Borough of Ripon in the County of York. Ibid.

xxxvi. An Act for completing and maintaining the Harbour, Quay or Pier, at the Village of Goran Haven, in the Parish of Goran in the County of Cornwall. 558

xxxvii. An Act for the Regulation of the Corporation of the Masters and Assistants of the Trinity House of Leith. Ibid.

xxxviii. An Act for repairing the Roads from Butt Lane, in the Parish of Lawton, in the County Palatine of Chester, to Lawton, and from thence to Henshal's Smithy, upon Cranage Green, in the said County. Page 558

xxxix. An Act to enable the Undertakers of the Navigation of the Rivers Aire and Calder, in the West Riding of the County of York, to make a Navigable Cut or Canal from and out of the said Navigation at Knottingley, to communicate with the River Ouze, near Goole, with Two Collateral Branches, all in the said Riding; and to amend the Acts relating to the said Navigation. Ibid.

xl. An Act for repairing or taking down and rebuilding the Bridge within the Borough and Town of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, in the County of Dorset. Ibid.

xli. An Act for building Two new Churches or Chapels in the Parish of Saint Mary Newington, commonly called Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey; and for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

xlii. An Act for providing additional Burying Ground for the Parish of Saint Mary, Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

xliii. An Act for lighting, watching, and cleansing the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xliv. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts for repairing and widening the Roads from Milford, in the County of Surrey, through Petworth, to the Top of Duncton Hill, and from Petworth to Stopham Bridge, in the County of Sussex. 559

xlv. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the Town of Pool, in the County of Montgomery, through Oswestry, in the County of Salop, to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said Counties, and in the County of Merioneth; and for making several new Branches of Roads, to communicate with the said Roads, in the Counties of Salop, Montgomery and Denbigh. Ibid.

xlvi. An Act for widening and improving the Road leading from the Turnpike Road, in the Town of Tenterden, through Wood-church, to Warehome, and the Road leading out of the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Bethersden, through Woodchurch, to Appledore, in the County of Kent. Ibid.

xlvii. An Act for maintaining and repairing the Military Roads in the County of Perth, and the several Branches or Roads of Communication therewith connected. Ibid.

xlviii. An Act for altering and amending several Acts for making and maintaining the Forth and Clyde Navigation. Ibid.

xlix. An Act to alter and amend several Acts for erecting a Bridge over the River Thames from the City of London to the opposite Bank in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

l. An Act for taking down the old Bridge, and for erecting and maintaining a new Bridge, over the River Earn, in the Parish of Dunbarney and Shire of Perth. 560

li. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Wensum, in the City of Norwich, at or near the Duke's Palace in the said City. Ibid.

lii. An Act for erecting a Ballast Office, and for regulating Pilots within the Port and Harbour of Cork; and for rendering more safe and commodious the said Port and Harbour for all Ships and Vessels trading to and from the same. Page 560

liii. An Act for altering and amending an Act of His late Majesty, for establishing a permanent Fund for the Relief and Support of Skippers and Keelmen employed upon the River Tyne, their Widows and Children, and for augmenting the said Fund. Ibid.

liv. An Act for making a Branch Railway or Tram Road from a Place called Crabtree, in the Parish of Egg Buckland, to certain Lime Works at a Place called Catdown, and from thence to Sutton Pool, in the Parish of Charles, all in the County of Devon, to communicate with the Plymouth and Dartmoor Railway, at Crabtree aforesaid. Ibid.

lv. An Act for lighting the City and Suburbs of Dublin with Gas. Ibid.

lvi. An Act for lighting with Gas the Town and Suburbs of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop. Ibid.

lvii. An Act for lighting with Gas the Towns of Great and Little Bolton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

lviii. An Act to repeal an Act made in the Fifty eighth Year of His late Majesty, for building a Chapel of Ease in the Township of Pendleton and Parish of Eccles, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

lix. An Act for uniting the Rectory and Vicarage of the Parish of Saint Dunstan in the West, in the City of London; and for making a certain Annual Payment to the Rector of the said Parish in lieu of Tithes. 561

lx. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, of the Fiftieth and Fifty second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty, for rebuilding the Theatre Royal Drury Lane. Ibid.

lxi. An Act to amend, extend and render more effectual an Act of His late Majesty, for paving, lighting, cleansing, watching, and otherwise improving the Town of Bury Saint Edmund's, in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

lxii. An Act for lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Town and Borough of Stockton, in the County of Durham. Ibid.

lxiii. An Act for warping and otherwise improving certain Moors, Commons, Wastes and other Low Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of Whitgift and Snaith, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

lxiv. An Act for continuing and amending Four Acts of their late Majesties King George the Second and King George the Third, for repairing the Road from North Shields, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, and certain Branches communicating therewith. Ibid.

lxv. An Act for amending the Road from Selby to Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

lxvi. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering, amending and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, of the Thirteenth and Thirty ninth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for repairing the Road leading from the High Street in the City of Rochester, to Maidstone, in the County of Kent. Page 562

lxvii. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining several Roads, in the Counties of Stirling, Dumbarton, Lanark and Perth. Ibid.

lxviii. An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Wakefield to Austerlands, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

lxix. An Act for repairing and improving several Roads leading into and from Devizes, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

lxx. An Act for continuing and amending Three Acts, of their Majesties King George the Second and King George the Third, for repairing the Roads from Hertford to Broadwater, and from Ware to Walkern, all in the County of Hertford. Ibid.

lxxi. An Act for repairing the Road leading from Longhorseley Bar, near the Town of Morpeth, by Longhorseley, Weldon Bridge and Whittingham, to the River Breamish, and from thence to Piercys Cross, in the County of Northumberland. Ibid.

lxxii. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His late Majesty, for making a Road from Swindon to Knighton, and from Liddington to Burderop, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

lxxiii. An Act for repairing the Road from Towcester through Brackley, in the County of Northampton, to Western Gate, in the Parish of Weston on the Green, in the County of Oxford. 563

lxxiv. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining certain Roads in the Counties of Dumfries and Roxburgh. Ibid.

lxxv. An Act for increasing the Rates on Goods and Commodities conveyed on the River Itchin, in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

lxxvi. An Act for erecting a Bridewell for the County of Lanark and City of Glasgow. Ibid.

lxxvii. An Act for erecting a New Sessions House and House of Correction at Ely in the Isle of Ely, and for reimbursing to the Inhabitants of a Part of the said Isle, the Charges of a Sessions House and House of Correction lately erected at Wisbech in the said Isle. Ibid.

lxxviii. An Act for removing the Markets held within the City of Exeter, and for providing another Market Place or other Market Places in lieu thereof. Ibid.

lxxix. An Act for repairing the Road from Chatteris Ferry, through Somersham, to the Crown Inn in Saint Ives, and also the Road branching out of the said Road near Stock's Bridge, through Needingworth, to Hermitage Bridge in the Parish of Earith, in the County of Huntingdon. Ibid.

lxxx. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His Majesty King George the Second, and of an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, to the Pound in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon. 564

lxxxi. An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His late Majesty King George the Third, for amending the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Asthall, in the County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road at or near Buckland, in the County of Berks. Page 564

lxxxii. An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Fortieth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in Witney, to the Road on Sweford Heath, and the Road leading from the Road from Woodstock to Birmingham, through Charlbury, to the Road from Chipping Norton to Burford, all in the County of Oxford. Ibid.

lxxxiii. An Act to explain and amend an Act for amending and consolidating several Acts for making and repairing Turnpike Roads in the Counties of Renfrew, Lanark, and Ayr. Ibid.

lxxxiv. An Act for making and maintaining certain Roads and Bridges in the Counties of Lanark and Dumbarton. Ibid.

lxxxv. An Act for making and maintaining a Road leading through the Parishes of Nairn and Auldearn, in the County of Nairn; and for converting and regulating the Statute Labour of the said County. Ibid.

lxxxvi. An Act for erecting Two distinct Rectories within the Rectory and Parish of Tilehurst, in the County of Berks. 565

lxxxvii. An Act for supplying the Town of Peterhead, in the County of Aberdeen, with Water; and for better lighting, paving, and otherwise improving the Streets, Roads and Avenues within and leading to and from the said Town. Ibid.

lxxxviii. An Act for amending an Act of His late Majesty King George the Third, relating to the Conversion of the Statute Labour within the Royalty of Glasgow; and another Act of His said late Majesty, relating to the Sale of Live Cattle in the City of Glasgow; and for opening certain Streets and otherwise improving the said City. Ibid.

lxxxix. An Act to extend and amend an Act, passed in the Fifty seventh Year of His late Majesty, to enable Peltro William Tomkins Engraver, to dispose of his Collection of Paintings, Drawings, and Engravings, together with several Copies of certain Books therein mentioned, and the Lease of the Premises called The British Gallery of Pictures, by way of Lottery. Ibid.

xc. An Act to continue the Term of and amend an Act of His late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dundalk, in the County of Louth, to Bannbridge, in the County of Down, so far as relates to the Southern Division of the said Road. Ibid.

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE KING'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

1. AN Act for vesting Parts of the Settled Estates of John Maddocks Esquire, in the County of Denbigh, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. Page 566

2. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Blo' Norton, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

3. An Act for rendering more effectual an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Langset otherwise Langside, in the Parish of Peniston, in the West Riding of the County of York, so far as regards the Allotment to William Payne Esquire. Ibid.

4. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Parish of Millom, in the County of Cumberland. Ibid.

5. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Smisby, in the County of Derby. 567

6. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parishes of Tibenham and Moulton, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

7. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Darton, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

8. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Golcar in the Parish of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

9. An Act for inclosing a certain Common or Waste Ground called Skelding Moor, situate in the Parishes of Urswick and Aldingham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

10. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Barford, in the County of Bedford. 568

11. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor of Wenham in the Parish of Rogate, in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

12. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Tythings of Woodshaw, Greenhill and Nore Marsh, in the Parish of Wootton Bassett, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

13. An Act to enable the Trustees for the time being of certain Charity Estates, situate in the Parish of Richmond in the County of Surry, to grant building, repairing and other Leases thereof. Ibid.

14. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Selley, in the Parish of Llanvair Waterdine in the County of Salop. Ibid.

15. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Great Leighs, and the Hamlet of Chatley in the said Parish, in the County of Essex. Ibid.

16. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Eye in the County of Northampton; and for exonerating the same from Tithes. Ibid.

17. An Act for inclosing Lands within the several Parishes and Manors of Preston Candover and Nutley, in the County of Southampton. Page 569

18. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Princes Risborough in the County of Buckingham. Ibid.

19. An Act for vesting Part of the Settled Estates of Robert Holden Esquire, situate at Darley near Derby, in the County of Derby, in Trust, to be sold; and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

20. An Act for vesting Parts of the Settled Estates of the Right Honourable Edward Herbert, commonly called Viscount Clive, in Trustees, upon Trust to sell; and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sales in the Purchase of more convenient Estates. Ibid.

21. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Drigg, in the County of Cumberland. Ibid.

22. An Act for Enclosing Lands in the Parish of Pennington, in the County of Lancaster. Ibid.

23. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Chilfrome, in the County of Dorset. 570

24. An Act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parish of Naseby, in the County of Northampton. Ibid.

25. An Act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands within the Parish of Oakham in the County of Rutland. Ibid.

26. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of South Duffield, in the Parish of Hemingbrough, in the East Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

27. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Famham, in the County of Essex, and of Bishop Stortford in the County of Hertford. Ibid.

28. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Little Marlow, in the County of Buckingham. 571

29. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parishes of Blakeney, Wiveton and Glandford, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

30. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands in the Parish of Walsoken, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

31. An Act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parish of Benefield, in the County of Northampton. Ibid.

32. An Act for vesting one Moiety of the Walcott Charity Estates, situate in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, in Trustees, for the Benefit of the said Charity, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. Ibid.

33. An Act for enabling the President and Scholars of Saint John Baptist College, in the University of Oxford, to sell and convey to the Trustees of the Will of Doctor John Radcliffe, a Piece of Ground in the Parish of Saint Giles in the Suburbs of the City of Oxford, and the Observatory and other Buildings thereon; and for laying out the Purchase Money in the Purchase of Lands; and for other Purposes. Ibid.

34. An Act to enable the Trustees and Devisees of the Will of James Gunter, deceased, to grant Leases of Lands in the Parishes of Saint Luke, Chelsea, Fulham and Kensington, otherwise Saint Mary Abbotts, Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, in pursuance of Two Contracts entered into by the said James Gunter in his Lifetime; and to grant other Leases under certain Conditions and Restrictions. Page 572

35. An Act for effecting an Exchange between the Provost and Scholars of the Kings College of Blessed Mary and St. Nicholas of Cambridge, and Wyrley Birch Esquire, of Estates in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

36. An Act for confirming and establishing the Settlement made by the Most Noble William Henry Cavendish Scott Duke of Portland, in pursuance of a Proviso contained in an Indenture or Articles executed previously to his Marriage with Henrietta Scott, now Duchess of Portland. Ibid.

37. An Act for vesting the Manor of Hendon, and other Estates devised by the Will of John Bond Esquire, deceased, in other Trustees, to be sold; and for enfranchising Copyhold Estates holden of the said Manor; and for applying the Produce upon the Trusts declared by the said Will. Ibid.

38. An Act for enabling the Trustees appointed by the Will of John Vernon Esquire, deceased, to sell certain Parts of the Estates thereby devised, for the Purposes in the Act mentioned. Ibid.

39. An Act for making effectual the Sale of Part of the Estates comprised in the Settlement made upon the Marriage of Osmond Beauvoir Doctor in Divinity, and Mary Sharpe, Spinster, both deceased. Ibid.

40. An Act for preventing the Right Honourable Charles Earl of Shrewsbury, and other Persons claiming under the Act for entailing certain Estates with the Earldom of Shrewsbury, from disturbing a certain Partition heretofore made of a small Part of those Estates by George late Earl of Shrewsbury. Ibid.

41. An Act for confirming a Lease granted by the Dean of Saint Paul, London, to Sir John Osborn Baronet and John Burt Esquire, dated the Twenty ninth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fourteen; and for establishing certain Derivative Leases granted by the Lessees. 573

42. An Act for enabling Sir James Fergusson of Kilkerran, Baronet, or the Heir of Entail in Possession of the Lands and Estate of Kilkerran, in the County of Ayr, under and by virtue of a certain Deed of Entail made by Sir Adam Fergusson of Kilkerran, Baronet, deceased, to exchange certain Parts of the Lands of Mochrumhill, the Lands of Caldwallstone, and others contained in the said Deed of Entail, fdr certain Parts of the Lands of Aird, and for the Lands of Glenshalloch and others, to be vested in the said Sir James Fergusson and the Heirs called to succeed to the said Lands of Mochrumhill and others, by the said Deed of Entail, and under the Conditions and Limitations contained in the said Deed. Ibid.

43. An Act for establishing an Exchange of Lands in the County of Hereford, agreed upon between the Most Noble Charles late Duke of Norfolk, and the late William Matthews Esquire, with the Concurrence of the Committees of the Person and Estate of the Duchess Dowager of Norfolk, a Lunatic. Ibid.

44. An Act for dividing and allotting Lands in the Parish of Ckerhill, and certain Common Meadows and Common Field Lands in that Parish, and in the Parishes of Caine, Calstone-Wellington and Compton Bassett, in the County of Wilts. Page 57S

45. An Act to enable the Trustees therein named to make Exchange of certain Messuages, Tenements and Lands, in the County of Pembroke, comprised in the Will of John Dunn Esquire, deceased, for other Estates, situate at East Moor in the said County of Pembroke. Ibid.

46. An Act for empowering the Trustees of certain Estates devised by the Will of Sarah West Widow, deceased, to sell the same for the Purpose of discharging a Mortgage thereon, and for laying out the Residue of the Money arising therefrom, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

47. An Act for vesting the Kilkenny Estate (being Part of the Settled Estates of the Right Honourable Cornwallis Viscount Hawarden) in Trustees to be sold, and for applying the Purchase Money in satisfying the Charges and Incumbrances affecting the said Kilkenny Estate, and also the Tipperary Estate (being an Estate settled to the same Uses) , and for laying out the Surplus in the Purchase of other Estates in or near the County of Tipperary, to be settled to the existing Uses of the Kilkenny and Tipperary Estates. 574

46. An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for vesting certain Estates belonging to the See of Canterbury in Trustees, for Sale, and for applying the Purchase Monies, together with other Monies, in the Manner therein mentioned; and for enabling the Archbishop of Canterbury to grant Building and Repairing Leases; and for other Purposes; and also for granting further Powers to the Archbishop for the time being, in reference to such Leases; and also for enabling the Archbishop for the time being to grant Leases for working certain Veins of Coal belonging to the See of Canterbury. Ibid.

49. An Act for vesting the Manor and Estate of Howling in the County of Gloucester, belonging to John Locke Stratton an Infant, in Trustees to be sold; and for applying the Money to arise by Sale, after Payment of Incumbrances, in the Purchase of other Estates for the Benefit of the Infant. Ibid.

50. An Act for establishing the Deed of Conveyance and Assignment executed by Sir James Lawrence Cotter Baronet, Richard Kellett, Sir Richard Kellett Baronet, and William Augustus Kellett, late Bankers in the City of Cork, for the Benefit of their Creditors, and for obviating and removing certain Doubts relative to the Validity thereof, and for facilitating the Performance of the Trusts thereby declared. Ibid.

PRIVATE ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

51. AN Act to relieve George Earl of Winchilsen and Nottingham from certain Disabilities, in consequence of his having sat and voted in the House of Peers without being duly qualified, by taking the Oaths and making the Declaration prescribed by Law, and subscribing the same respectively.

52. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor or Temple Newsom, in the Parish of Whitkirk, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[Allotment to the Vicar for Glebe Lands. Vicars Allotment to be fenced. Power to Vicar to grant Leases.]

55. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor of Whinfell, in the Parish of Brigham, in the County of Cumberland.

54. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Codsall, in the County of Stafford.

[Tithe Owners not to be affected.]

55. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Holme next the Sea, in the County of Norfolk.

56. An Act for naturalizing Marie Jeanne Massingberd.

57. An Act for naturalizing James Hervet d'Egville.

58. An Act for naturalizing John Henry Garey Harms.

59. An Act for naturalizing Samuel Rackwitz.

60. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Chapelry or Hamlet of Chessington, in the County of Surrey.

[Allotment of Ministers Glebe Land to be fenced by Proprietors. Proviso for Curates Right to Tithes. Curate, with Consent of Bishop of Diocese, may lease Allotments.]

61. An Act for allotting and inclosing certain Open and Common Meadows in the Parishes of Bishopstoke and South Stoneham, in the County of Southampton, and certain Commonable and Waste Lands in the Manors or Tithings of Bishopstoke, Great Allington, Little Allington, and the Honour of Ewelme, in the same Parishes.

[Allotment to the Bishop of Winchester, as Lord of the Manor of Bishopstoke, in lieu of Right of Soil in the Waste. Allotment to Wardens and Scholars, as Lords of the Manors of Great Allington, Little Allington, and the Honor of Ewelme, in lieu of their Right of Soil in the Waste Lands, &c. Rector of Bishopstoke to take Allotments in lieu of Tithes. Allotment for Vicarial Tithes of the Parish of South Stoneham. Tithes of Bishopstoke, and Vicarial Tithes of South Stoneham, made to cease. Power of Bishop of Winchester to grant Leases for 21 Years. Rector and Vicar may lease their Allotments. No Tithes to be paid to the Rector of Saint Mary Extra for Five Years. The Bishops, Rectors, Vicars, and Warden and Scholars Allotments to be fenced by Commissioner.]

[Note: random pages seemingly inserted here, in more than one copy of this volume. Removed.]

62. An Act for allotting Lands within the Township or Liberty of Great Haseley, in the Parish of Haseley, in the County of Oxford.

[Allotment to the Rector for Glebe Lands. Allotments in respect of Tithe-free Lands to be Tithe free. Proviso for beneficial Leases. Copyholders, Lessees and Tenants under the Dean and Canons not to charge their Allotments for Costs under 41 G. 3. c. 109. Power for Rector to grant Leases.]

63. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Andreus Ritterspack.

64. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parishes of Upper Gravenhurst, Lower Gravenhurst, and Upper Stondon, in the County of Bedford.

[Allotment of Land for Tithes of Upper Stondon. Allotment to Rector of Upper Stondon to be in Satisfaction for his Tithes. Allotment of Land in part Satisfaction of Tithes of Upper and Lower Gravenhurst. Annual Rents to be paid in lieu of Tithes to be ascertained. When Tithes are to cease. Tithe Rents to be apportioned in case of Division of Estates. Proprietors may make Compensation for Tithes by Land instead of Com Rents. Tithe Allotments to be fenced. Proprietors not having Lands in the Common, subject to Payment of Tithes in kind, to pay in Money. Power to charge Money paid in Exoneration of Tithes. Curate, Rector, %c. with Consent of Bishop of Diocese and of Patron of the Living, may lease Allotments for 21 Years, upon certain Conditions. Lease of Rector's Lands not to be good unless the King's Consent be frst obtained. Extract and Plan of Allotment to Rector of Lower Gravenhurst, to be sent to Land Revenue Office.]

65. An Act for naturalizing John Christian Henry Reimers.

66. An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Pownoll Bastard Pellew Esquire, commonly called the Honourable Pownoll Bastard Pellew, eldest Son and Heir Apparent of the Right Honourable Edward Lord Viscount Exmouth, with Eliza Harriett Pellew, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

67. An Act for naturalizing Christian Kramer.

68. An Act to relieve Robert Earl of Harborough from certain Disabilities, in consequence of his having sat and voted in the House of Peers without being duly qualified, by taking the Oaths, and making the Declaration prescribed by Law, and subscribing the same respectively.

THE

STATUTES AT LARGE.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Britanniarum Regis, Sexagesimo.

At the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Fourteenth Day of January, Anno Domini 1819, in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith; and from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the Twenty third Day of November, 1819, being the Second Session of the Sixth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP. I.

An Act to prevent the Training of Persons to the Use of Arms, and to the Practice of Military Evolutions and Exercise.

[11th December 1819.]

WHEREAS, in some Parts of the United Kingdom, Men clandestinely and unlawfully assembled have practised Military Training and Exercise, to the great Terror and Alarm of His Majesty's peaceable and loyal Subjects, and the imminent Danger of the Public Peace: Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Meetings and Assemblies of Persons for the purpose of being trained, or of practising Military Exercise, or aiding therein, prohibited.]

That all Meetings and Assemblies of Persons for the purpose of training or drilling themselves, or of being trained or drilled to the Use of Arms, or for the purpose of practising Military Exercise, Movements or Evolutions, without any lawful Authority from His Majesty, or the Lieutenant, or Two Justices of the Peace of any County or Riding, or of any Stewartry, by Commission or otherwise, for so doing, shall be and the same are hereby prohibited, as dangerous to the Peace and Security of His Majesty's liege Subjects and of His Government; and every Person who shall be present at or attend any such Meeting or Assembly, for the purpose of training and drilling any other Person or Persons to the Use of Arms, or the Practice of Military Exercise, Movements or Evolutions, or who shall train or drill any other Person or Persons to the Use of Arms, or the Practice of Military Exercise, Movements or Evolutions, or who shall aid or assist therein, being legally convicted thereof, shall be liable to be transported for any Term not exceeding Seven Years, or to be

2 c. 1. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1819.

[Punishment.]

punished by Imprisonment not exceeding Two Years, at the Discretion of the Court in which such Conviction shall be had; and every Person who shall attend or be present at any such Meeting or Assembly as aforesaid, for the purpose of being, or who shall at any such Meeting or Assembly be trained or drilled to the Use of Arms, or the Practice of Military Exercise, Movements or Evolutions, being legally convicted thereof, shall be liable to be punished by Fine and Imprisonment not exceeding Two Years, at the Discretion of the Court in which such Conviction shall be had.

[Persons so assembled may be dispersed, or detained and required to give Bail, and prosecuted.]

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, or for any Constable or Peace Officer, or for any other Person acting in their Aid or Assistance, to disperse any such unlawful Meeting or Assembly as aforesaid, and to arrest and detain any Person present at, or aiding, assisting or abetting any such Assembly or Meeting as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the Justice of the Peace who shall arrest any such Person, or before whom any Person so arrested shall be brought, to commit such Person for Trial for such Offence, under the Provisions of this Act, unless such Person can and shall give sufficient Bail for his Appearance at the next Assizes or General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to answer to any Indictment which may be preferred against him for any such Offence against this Act, in England and Ireland;

[Scotland.]

and in Scotland every such Person shall be arrested and dealt with according to the Law and Practice of that Part of the United Kingdom in the Case of a bailable Offence.

[Sheriffs Depute, &c. in Scotland to have the same Powers as Magistrates, &c. in England.]

III. And be it further enacted, That the Sheriffs Depute and their Substitutes, Stewards Depute and their Substitutes, Justices of the Peace, Magistrates of Royal Burghs, and all other inferior Judges and Magistrates, and also all High and Petty Constables, or other Peace Officers of any County, Stewartry, City or Town, within that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, shall have such and the same Powers and Authorities for putting this present Act in Execution within Scotland, as the Justices of the Peace and other Magistrates and Peace Officers and Constables aforesaid respectively have, by virtue of this Act, within and for other Parts of the United Kingdom.

[Offenders may be prosecuted as if this Act had not been made.]

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prevent any Prosecution, by Indictment or otherwise, for any thing which shall be an Offence within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, and which might have been so prosecuted if this Act had not been made, unless the Offender shall have been prosecuted for such Offence under this Act, and convicted or acquitted of such Offence.

[Limitation of Actions.]

V. And be it further enacted, That any Action or Suit which shall be brought or commenced against any Justice or Justices of the Peace, Constable, Peace Officer, or other Person or Persons, in that Part of Great Britain called England, or in Ireland, for any thing done or acted in pursuance of this Act, shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards; and the Venue in every such Action or Suit shall be laid in the proper County where the Fact was committed, and not elsewhere;

[General Issue may be pleaded.]

and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and

A.D. 1819. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. C. 1, 2. 3

give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced after the Time limited for bringing the same, or the Venue shall be laid in any other Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; tad in such Case, or if the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants upon the Merits, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her or their Actions after Appearance, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs,

[Double Costs.]

the Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs, which he or they shall and may recover in such and the same manner as any Defendant can by Law in other Cases.

[Limitation of Actions, &c. in Scotland.]

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Action or Suit which shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons in Scotland, for any thing done or acted in pursuance of this Act, shall in like manner be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be brought in the Court of Session in Scotland;

[Plea.]

and the Defender or Defenders may plead that the Matter complained of was done in pursuance of this Act, and may give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and if such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced after the Time limited for bringing the same, then the same shall be dismissed; and in such Case, or if the Defender or Defenders shall be assoilzied, or the Pursuer or Pursuers shall suffer the Action or Suit to fall asleep, or a Decision shall be pronounced against the Pursuer or Pursuers upon the Relevancy,

[Treble Costs.]

the Defender or Defenders shall have Treble Costs or Expences, which he or they shall and may receive in such and the same manner as any Defender can by Law recover Costs or Expences in other Cases.

[Limitation of Prosecutions.]

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person Limitation of shall be prosecuted by virtue of this Act for any thing done or committed contrary to the Provisions hereinbefore contained, unless such Prosecution shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the Offence committed.

[Act may be repealed, &c. this Session.]

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be repealed in the whole or in any Part thereof, or in any manner altered or amended, during the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. II.

An Act to authorise Justices of the Peace, in certain disturbed Counties, to seize and detain Arms collected or kept for purposes dangerous to the Public Peace; to continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty two.

[18th December 1819.]

WHEREAS Arms and Weapons of various Sorts have in many Parts of this Kingdom been collected, and are kept for purposes dangerous to the Public Peace; and it is expedient that Justices of the Peace should be authorised and empowered to seize and detain such Arms and Weapons: Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

4 C. 2. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1819.

[Justices may issue Warrants for searching for and seizing Weapons dangerous to the Public Peace.]

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, upon the Information upon Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, that he or they believe that any Pike, Pikehead, or Spear is in the Possession of any Person or Persons, or in any House or Place, or that any Dirk, Dagger, Pistol, Gun, or other Weapon is, for any purpose dangerous to the Public Peace, in the Possession of any Person, or in any House or Place, to issue his Warrant to any Constable or other Peace Officer to search for and seize such Pike, Pikehead, Spear, Dirk, Dagger, Pistol, Gun, or other Weapon in the Possession of any such Person, or in any such House or Place; and that it shall be lawful for such Constable or other Peace Officer, acting under any such Warrant, or any other Person or Persons in his or their Aid or Assistance, to search for and seize any such Pike, Pikehead, Spear, Dirk, Dagger, Pistol, Gun, or other Weapon, being in the Possession of any such Person, or in any such House or Place as aforesaid;

[Proceedings in case Admission refused.]

and in case Admission into such House or Place shall be refused or not obtained within a reasonable time after it shall have been first demanded, to enter by Force, by Day or by Night, into every such House or Place whatsoever, and to detain or cause to be detained in safe Custody, in such Place as the said Justice of the Peace shall appoint and direct, the Arms or Weapons so found and seized as aforesaid, unless the Owner thereof shall prove to the Satisfaction of such Justice, that such Arms or Weapons were not kept for any purpose dangerous to the Public Peace.

[Appeal to Quarter Sessions.]

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person from whom any such Arms or Weapons shall be so taken as last aforesaid, in case the Justice of the Peace upon whose Warrant the same shall have been taken shall, upon Application made for that purpose, refuse to restore the same, to apply to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the County, or Riding or Division,

[Notice.]

upon giving Ten Days previous Notice of such Application to such Justice, for the Restitution of such Arms or Weapons, or any Part thereof; and the Justices assembled at such General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace shall make such Order for the Restitution or safe Custody of such Arms or Weapons, or any Part thereof, as upon such Application shall appear to them to be proper.

[Persons found carrying Arms under suspicious Circumstances may be detained, and required to give Bail.]

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, or for any Constable, Peace Officer, or other Person acting under the Warrant of any Justice of the Peace, or for any Person acting with or in aid of any Justice of the Peace, or of any Constable or other Peace Officer having such Warrant as aforesaid, to arrest and detain any Person found carrying Arms in such manner and at such times as, in the Judgment of such Justice of the Peace, to afford just Grounds of Suspicion that the same are carried for purposes dangerous to the Public Peace; and it shall be lawful for the Justice of the Peace who shall arrest any such Person, of before whom any Person arrested upon any such Warrant shall be brought, to commit such Person for Trial for a Misdemeanor, unless such Person can and shall give sufficient

A.D. 1819. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. C. 2. 5

Bail for his Appearance at the next Assizes, or next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to answer to any Indictment which may be preferred against him in that Part of Great Britain called England;

[Scotland.]

and in Scotland every such Person shall be arrested and dealt with according to the Law and Practice of that Part of the United Kingdom in the Case of a Bailable Offence.

[Justices of specific and adjoining Counties to have concurrent jurisdiction.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the several Counties specified in this Act, or in any Proclamation to be issued under this Act, or any Counties next adjoining thereto, shall have concurrent Jurisdiction as Justices of the Peace, in all Cases as to the carrying into Execution the Provisions of this Act, and as to all matters and things relating to the Preservation of the Public Peace, as fully and effectually as if each of such Justices was in the Commission of the Peace of each of such Counties, and had duly qualified by Law to act therein.

[Sheriffs Depute, &c. in Scotland to have the same Powers as Justices, &c. in England.]

V. And be it further enacted, That the Sheriffs Depute and their Substitutes, Stewards Depute and their Substitutes, Justices of the Peace, Magistrates of Royal Burghs, and all other inferior

Judges and Magistrates, and also all High and Petty Constables or other Peace Officers of any County, Stewartry, City or Town within that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, shall in England, have such and the same Powers and Authorities for putting this present Act in Execution within Scotland, as the Justices of the Peace and other Magistrates and Peace Officers and Constables aforesaid respectively have, by virtue of this Act, within and for that Part of Great Britain called England.

[Limitation of Actions.]

VI. And be it further enacted, That any Action or Suit which shall be brought or commenced against any Justice or Justices of the Peace, Constable, Peace Officer or other Person or Persons in that Part of Great Britain called England, for any thing done or acted in pursuance of this Act, shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards; and the Venue in every such Action or Suit shall be laid in the proper County where the Fact was committed, and not elsewhere;

[General Issue.]

and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if such Action shall be brought or commenced after the Time limited for bringing the same, or the Venue shall be laid in any other Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and in such Case, or if the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants upon the Merits, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her or their Action after Appearance, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs,

[Double Costs.]

the Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs, which he or they shall and may recover in such and the same manner as any Defendant can by Law in other Cases.

[Limitation of Actions, &c. in Scotland.]

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Action or Suit which shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons in Scotland, for any thing done or acted in pursuance of this Act, shall in like manner be commenced within Six Calendar

6 C. 2. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1819.

Months after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be brought in the Court of Session in Scotland;

[Plea.]

and the Defender or Defenders may plead that the Matter complained of was done in pursuance of this Act, and may give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and if such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced after the Time limited for bringing the same, then the same shall be dismissed; and in such Case, or if the Defender or Defenders shall be assoilzied, or the Pursuer or Pursuers shall suffer the Action or Suit to fall asleep, or a Decision shall be pronounced against the Pursuer or Pursuers upon the Relevancy,

[Double Costs.]

the Defender or Defenders shall have Double Costs or Expences, which he or they shall and may receive in such and the same manner as any Defender can by Law recover Costs or Expences in other Cases.

[Act to extend to certain Counties, and others by Proclamation of the King in Council.]

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and all the Provisions thereof, shall extend to the several Counties of Lancaster and Chester, and to the West Riding of the County of York, and to the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, Derby, Leicester, Nottingham, Cumberland, Westmorland, Northumberland, Durham, Renfrew and Lanark, the Counties of the Towns of Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Nottingham, and of the City of Coventry, and such other Counties or Ridings of Great Britain as His Majesty shall from time to time, upon the Representation made by the Justices assembled at any Quarter or General Session of the Peace, or by any General Meeting of the Lieutenancy of any County or Riding, in consequence of any Disturbance therein, by any Proclamation made by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, declare to be so disturbed as to make it necessary that the Provisions of this Act should be enforced therein; and then and in such Case this Act shall be in full Force as to any such County or Counties, or Ridings, from the Day specified in any such Proclamation, as if such County or Riding had been contained in this Act.

[His Majesty in Council may declare Act not to be in force.]

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, by Proclamation, to declare that this Act shall be no longer in force in any Counties or Riding specified in this Act, or m any County or Riding to which the Provisions of this Act shall have been extended by Proclamation as aforesaid; and from and after the Period specified in any such Proclamation, the Powers of this Act shall no longer be in force in such County or Riding: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall prevent or be construed to extend to prevent His Majesty, upon such Representation and by such Advice as aforesaid, declaring by Proclamation any such County or Riding to be again within the Powers of this Act.

[Continuation of Act.]

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall be and continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty two.

[Act repealed, &c. this Session.]

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be repealed in the Whole or in any Part thereof, or in any manner altered or amended, during the present Session of Parliament.

A.D. 1819 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. C. 3. 7

CAP. III.

An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates, in England; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

[18th December 1819.]

[This Act is the same as 59 G. 3. c. 3. except as to Dates, and as to the Sections that are here retained.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's public Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Rates, Duties and Impositions hereinafter mentionedAnd do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Duties on Malt:]

That there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, throughout Great Britain, to and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the several Duties of Excise hereinafter mentioned, that is to say, for and upon every Bushel of Malt, which shall on or after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, be made in Great Britain, from Barley or any other Corn or Grain, an Excise of One Shilling;

[Tobacco and and Snuff.]

for and upon every Pound Weight of all Tobacco and Snuff (not being Irish Tobacco or Snuff) respectively imported or brought into Great Britain on or after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and of all Tobacco and Snuff respectively which shall off the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, be in the Warehouse in which the same was deposited before Payment of the Duty hereby continued, an Excise Duty of One Shilling; Provided always, that such Duty on any Tobacco or Snuff duly warehoused, shall not be payable on any such Tobacco and Snuff, unless and until any such Tobacco or Snuff respectively shall, between the Days aforesaid, be taken out of any such Warehouse for the purpose of being used or consumed in Great Britain;

[59 G. 3. c. 88.]

which several Duties were by an Act made in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal the Annual Excise Duties upon Malty Tobacco and Snuff, continued by an Act of the present Session of Parliament, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof for the Service of the Year ending the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, imposed on and from the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, in lieu of the several Annual Duties on Malt, Tobacco and Snuff,

[39 G. 3. c. 3.]

continued by an Act made in the Fifty ninth Year aforesaid, intituled An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain

8 C. 3. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1819.

Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, in Great Britain, and on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and which last mentioned Duties on Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, were respectively repealed by the said first recited Act.

[How the Duties shall be raised.]

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties hereby imposed shall be respectively raised, levied, collected, recovered, paid and applied, in such and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the general or special Means, Ways or Methods, by which other the Duties of Excise upon Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, are or may be, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, raised, levied, collected, recovered, paid and applied; and the said Persons, Goods, Wares, and Merchandise or Commodities by this Act respectively made liable to the Payment of, or chargeable, with the said Duties hereby imposed, shall be and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions and Forfeitures, to which such Persons, Goods, Wares, Merchandise or Commodities were generally or specially subject and liable by any such Act or Acts of Parliament as aforesaid, now in force relating to or concerning His Majesty's Revenue of Excise on Malt, Tobacco or Snuff respectively; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture, of any Nature or Kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of this Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force for securing Duties of Excise on Malt, Tobacco or Snuff respectively, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall and are hereby directed and declared to pxtend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised and put m Execution for and in respect of the said several Duties of Excise respectively hereby imposed, in as full and ample manner to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

[Malt brought from Scotland shall be entered, and if not entered shall be forfeited.]

III. And it is hereby further enacted, That all Malt made in Scotland, which at any time or times between the Fourth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, shall be brought into England, Wales or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall, in case the same shall be brought by Sea, be entered with the Officer for the said Duties of the Port where the same shall be so brought into England, Wales or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and the Sum of One Shilling per Bushel for the Duties thereof shall be paid to such Officer before landing thereof, unless a Certificate from the proper Officer be produced that it hath paid the said Duty of One Shilling per Bushel in Scotland; and in case the same be brought by Land, such Malt shall pass and be carried by and through the Towns of Berwick or Carlisle, and there entered with the Officer for the said Duties in such of the said Towns by or through which such Malt shall be so carried, and the like Duty of One Shilling per Bushel for the same shall be paid down in ready Money, unless such Certificate be produced as aforesaid; on pain of forfeiting all such Malt, or the Value

A.D. 1819 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. C. 3. 9

thereof, as shall be landed or put on Shore or be brought into England, Wales or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, without such Entry or Payment of the Duty as aforesaid; and in case any Malt made in Scotland shall, during the said Term, be found coming out of Scotland, or be brought from thence by Land by or beyond the Towns before mentioned, without Entry or Payment of the Duties thereof, then all such Malt, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise for His Majesty's Use, One Moiety of the aforesaid Forfeiture to be and go to The King's Majesty, and the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Persons as shall inform, seize or sue for the same, or the Value thereof, and to be recovered and levied by such Ways, Means and Methods as any Penalties and Forfeitures are by this or any other Act or Acts relating to the Malt Duties to be recovered and levied, or by Action of Debt, or upon the Case, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

[Recovery of Penalties.]

X. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, for any Offences against this Act, shall be sued for, levied and recovered, or mitigated, by the same Ways, Means and Methods, as any Penalty or Forfeiture given by any of the Laws of Excise upon Malt, Tobacco or Snuff respectively now in force, can or may be sued for, levied, recovered or mitigated, or by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and that One Moiety of such Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, shall be to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall discover, inform or sue for the same.

[Rates on Personal Estates, Offices and Pensions, to be levied.]

XI. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty intituled An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the manner therein stated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax for One Year, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, the several and respective Sums of Money granted to Your Majesty by a Land Tax, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, which were or should be charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in Great Britain, are, after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, continued and made perpetual, with a Provision that the several Sums of Money charged upon Estates in ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandise or Personal Estates, or upon any Person or Persons in respect of any Public Office or Employment of Profit in the said Act mentioned, should, after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, be ascertained, levied, collected and paid according to the Directions of any Act or Acts to be passed for that purpose; Be it therefore enacted, That the several and respective Sums of Money which shall have been or shall be charged upon Estates in ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandise, Chattels or

60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1819.

other Personal Estate, by virtue of an Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

[38 G. 3. c. 5.]

intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eighty and which were not authorised to be sold in and by another Act made and passed in the same Thirty eighth Year aforesaid,

[38 G.3. c. 60.]

intituled An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the manner therein stated, the several Sums of Money novo charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax for One Year, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight; and also the several Sums of Money charged by virtue of the said recited Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, in respect of any Public Offices or Employments, or any Annuities, Pensions, Stipends or other Annual Payments, shall be continued and raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty within the Space of One Year from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and shall be ascertained, assessed and taxed in such manner and form as are hereinafter expressed.

[Commissioners of Land Tax appointed by 59 G.3. c. 138. shall put this Act in Execution.]

XIV. And be it further enacted, That for the better assessing, ordering, levying and collecting of the several Sums of Money so as last aforesaid limited and appointed to be raised gnd paid in the aforesaid Part of Great Britain called England, Wales and Berwick upon Tweed, in respect of Personal Estates, and in respect of Offices or Employments of Profit, and Annuities, Pensions, Stipends and other yearly Payments, and for the more effectual putting this Act in Execution in reference to the same, all and every the Person and Persons who, in and by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Fifty ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for appointing Commissioners for carrying into Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions and Offices in England, and an Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eighty were named and appointed Commissioners for putting in Execution the said Act within the several Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, Divisions and Places of England, Wales and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, duly qualifying themselves according to the said Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eighty in that behalf, shall, together with such other Persons as shall be named by any Act or Acts which shall be passed in this Session of Parliament, be Commissioners for putting in Execution this present Act, and the Powers therein contained, within and for all and every the Parishes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments and Places situate within the same Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, Divisions and Places respectively, unless before the Day hereinafter appointed for the First Meeting of the Commissioners for putting this Act into Execution, some Act or Acts of Parliament shall be passed for naming and appointing special Commissioners

A.D. 1819. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. C. 3, 4. 11

for putting into Execution this present Act, in which Case no Person or Persons shall be empowered by virtue of any Nomination or Appointment by any former Act, or by this Act, to act as a Commissioner for putting this present Act into Execution.

[The Duties on Sugar further continued.]

XXXIV. And Whereas by the said Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the manner therein stated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax for One Year, from the Tvoentufifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety eighty it was enacted, that the several Duties imposed on Sugar by Three Acts of the Twenty seventh, Thirty fourth and Thirty seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, should continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, and no longer, but should from thenceforth cease and determine, unless the same should be specially continued by Parliament; which said several Duties were by an Act made and passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

[39 G. 3. c. 3.]

intituled An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates, in England, Wales and Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malty Tobacco and Snuffy for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred; and which by several subsequent Acts were further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven; And Whereas by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

[49 G. 3. c. 98.]

intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and by one other Act made in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

[59 G. 3. c. 52.]

intituled An Act to repeal the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; the said several Duties on Sugar imported into Great Britain were repealed, and other Duties granted on Sugar so imported in lieu thereof, to continue until me Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty; Be it further enacted, That the said several Duties on Sugar, and the said Acts granting and continuing the same, and all the Provisions thereof, shall be and the same are hereby severally and respectively further continued, from and after the Expiration of the Time limited as aforesaid, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty one; and all the Monies arising thereby, which shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall be entered separate and distinct from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majesty.

CAP. IV.

An Act to prevent Delay in the Administration of Justice in Cases of Misdemeanor.

[23d December 1819.]

WHEREAS great Delays have occurred in the Administration of Justice, in Cases of Persons prosecuted for Misdemeanors by Indictment or Information in His Majesty's Courts

12 C. 4. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1819.

of King's Bench at Westminster and Dublin, and by Indictment at the Sessions of the Peace, Sessions of Oyer and Terminer, Great Sessions and Sessions of Gaol Delivery, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and in Ireland respectively, by reason that the Defendants in some of the said Cases have, according to the present Practice of such respective Courts, an Opportunity of postponing their Trials to a distant Period, by meant of Imparlances in the said several Courts of King's Bench, and by Time being given to try in such respective Courts of Session; For Remedy thereof be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Persons prosecuted in K.B. for Misdemeanours, appearing in Court, not permitted to imparle.]

That from and after the passing of this Act, where any Person shall be prosecuted in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench at Westminster or in his Majesty's Court of King's Bench in Dublin respectively, for any Misdemeanor, either by Information or by Indictment there found or removed into the same respective Courts, and shall appear in Term time in either of the said Courts respectively in Person, to answer to such Indictment or Information, such Defendant upon being charged therewith shall not be permitted to imparle to a following Term, but shall be required to plead or demur thereto within Four Days from the time of his or her Appearance;

[Judgment may be entered for want of Plea.]

and in Default of his or her pleading or demurring within Four Days as aforesaid, Judgment may be entered against the Defendant for Want of a Plea; and in case such Defendant shall appear to such Indictment or Information by his or her Clerk or Attorney in Court, it shall not be lawful for such Defendant to imparle to a following Term, but a Rule requiring such Defendant to plead may forthwith be given, and a Plea or Demurrer to such Indictment or Information enforced, or Judgment by Default entered thereupon, in the same manner as might have been done, before the passing of this Act, in Cases where the Defendant had appeared to such Indictment or Information by his or her Clerk in Court or Attorney in a previous Term.

[Court may allow further Time to plead.]

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said respective Courts, or for any Judge of the same respectively, upon sufficient Cause shown for that purpose, to allow further Time for such Defendant to plead or demur to such Indictment or Information.

[Persons in Custody or held to Bail within 20 days before Sessions, to plead, unless a Writ of Certiorari delivered before Jury sworn.]

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, where any Person shall be prosecuted for any Misdemeanor by Indictment at any Session of the Peace, Session of Oyer and Terminer, Great Session or Session of Gaol Delivery to within that Part of Great Britain called England, or in Ireland, having been committed to Custody or held to Bail to appear to answer for such Offence Twenty Days at the least before the Session at which such Indictment shall be found, he or she shall plead to such Indictment, and Trial shall proceed thereupon at such same Session of the Peace, Session of Oyer and Terminer, Great Session or Session of Gaol Delivery respectively, unless a Writ of Certiorari for removing such Indictment into His Majesty's Courts of King's Bench at Westminster or in Dublin respectively,

A.D. 1819. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. C. 4. 13

shall be delivered at such Session before the Jury shall be sworn for such Trial.

[Certiorari may be issued before Indictment found.]

IV. And it is hereby declared and enacted, that such Writ of Certiorari may be applied for and issued before such Indictment has been found, in like Cases, in the same manner, and upon the same Terms and Conditions, as if such Writ of Certiorari had been applied for after such Indictment had been found.

[In what Cases Indictments may be tried at subsequent Sessions:]

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, where any Person shall be prosecuted for any Misdemeanor by Indictment at any Session of the Peace, Session of Oyer and Terminer, Great Session or Session of Gaol Delivery within that Part of Great Britain called England, or in Ireland, not having been committed to Custody or held to Bail to appear to answer for such Offence Twenty Days before the Session at which such Indictment shall be found, but who shall have been committed to Custody or held to Bail to appear to answer for such Offence at some subsequent Session, or shall have received Notice of such Indictment having been found Twenty Days before such subsequent Session, he or she shall plead to such Indictment at such subsequent Session, and Trial shall proceed thereupon at such same Session of the Peace, Session of Oyer and Terminer, Great Session or Session of Gaol Delivery respectively,

[Unless Certiorari delivered as herein mentioned.]

unless a Writ of Certiorari for removing such Indictment into His Majesty's Courts of King's Bench at Westminster or in Dublin respectively shall be delivered at such last mentioned Session before the Jury shall be sworn for such Trial, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Proviso for removing Indictments found by Grand Jury to an adjoining County to be tried.]

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any Indictment, found by a Grand Jury of any City or Town Corporate, from being removed, at the Prayer of any Defendant, for Trial by a Jury of the County next adjoining to the County of such City or Town Corporate, pursuant to the Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign,

[38 G. 3. c. 52.]

intituled An Act to regulate the Trial of Causes, Indictments and other Proceedings, which arise within the Counties of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom; and upon such Removal, the Defendant shall plead, and the Trial shall be had according to the Provisions of this Act, in like manner as if such Indictment had been originally found by a Grand Jury of such next adjoining County.

[Court may allow further Pleading, &c.]

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Court, at any Session of the Peace, Session of Oyer and Terminer, Great Session or Session of Gaol Delivery respectively, upon sufficient Cause shown for that purpose, to allow further Time for Pleading to any such Indictment, or for Trial of the same.

[In Prosecutions by Attorney General, &c.]

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases of Prosecutions for Misdemeanors, instituted by His Majesty's Attorney or Solicitor General, in any of the Courts aforesaid,

[Copy of Information, &c. delivered gratis.]

the Court shall, if required, make Order that a Copy of the Information or Indictment shall be delivered, after Appearance, to the Party prosecuted, or his Clerk in Court or Attorney, upon Application made for the same, free from all Expence to the

14 C. 4, 5. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1819.

Party so applying; provided that such Party, or his Clerk in Court or Attorney, shall not have previously received a Copy thereof.

[If Prosecution not brought to Trial within Twelve Calendar Months, Court may make Order thereon, upon Notice.]

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case any Prosecution for a Misdemeanor instituted by His Majesty's Attorney or Solicitor General in any of the Courts aforesaid, shall not be brought to Trial within Twelve Calendar Months next after the Plea of Not Guilty shall have been pleaded therein, it shall be lawful for the Court in which such Prosecution shall be depending, upon Application to be made on the behalf of any Defendant in such Prosecution, of which Application Twenty Days previous Notice shall have been given to His Majesty's Attorney or Solicitor General, to make an Order, if the said Court shall see just Cause so to do, authorising such Defendant to bring on the Trial in such Prosecution; and it shall thereupon be lawful for such Defendant to bring on such Trial accordingly, unless a Nolle Prosequi shall have been entered in such Prosecution.

[Proviso for Quo Warranto Actions, &c.]

X. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any Prosecution by Information in Nature of a Quo Warranto, or for the Nonrepair of any Bridge or Highway.

CAP. V.

An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, to make further Provision for the Regulation of Cotton Mills and Factories, and for the Preservation of the Health of young Persons employed therein.

[23d December 1819.]

[59 G. 3. c. 66.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to make further Provision for the Regulation of Cotton Mills and Factories, and for the better Preservation of the Health of young Persons employed therein: And whereas it is expedient to provide for Accidents by Fire or otherwise, which may arise in the working of such Mills or Factories, by which many Persons may be suddenly deprived of Employment, and to alter the said Act: Be it therefore enacted by The King s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[In case of Mills being destroyed, Persons belonging to them may be employed by Night in other Mills.]

That on the Event of One or more Mills being suddenly destroyed by Fire or other Accident, the Proprietors thereof, possessing other Mills which are kept at work during the Day, shall, for Eighteen Months from the Day on which any such Fire or other Accident shall happen, be allowed to employ the Persons who were previously at work on the Mill or Mills so destroyed, and employ them in the Night time in any other Mill or Mills, for any Period not exceeding Ten Hours in any one Night.

[Hour for Dinner to be between Eleven and Four.]

II. And Whereas it is by the said Act enacted, that there shall be allowed to every Person, in the Course of every Day, not less than Half an Hour to Breakfast, and not less than One full Hour for every Dinner; such Hour for Dinner to be between Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon and Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And whereas it is expedient that the Period thereby specified for the Hour of Dinner should be altered; Be

A.D. 1819. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. C. 5, 6. 15

it therefore enacted, That such Hour for Dinner shall be between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon; any thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Public Act.]

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

CAP. VI.

An Act for more effectually preventing Seditious Meetings and Assemblies; to continue in force until the End of the Session of Parliament next after Five Years from the passing of the Act.

[24th December 1819.]

WHEREAS in divers Parts of this Kingdom, Assemblies of large Numbers of Persons collected from various Parishes and Districts, under the Pretext of deliberating upon public Grievances, and of agreeing on Petitions, Complaints, Remonstrances, Declarations, Resolutions or Addresses upon the Subject thereof, have of late been held, in Disturbance of the

Public Peace, to the great Terror and Danger of His Majesty's loyal and peaceable Subjects, and in a manner manifestly tending to produce Confusion and Calamities in the Nation: Be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[No Meeting of more than 50 Persons (except County Meetings, &c.) to be holden, unless in separate Parishes or Townships, and where Persons calling the Meeting shall usually inhabit, and with Notice to a Justice of the Peace by Seven Householders.]

That no Meeting of any Description of Persons, exceeding the Number of Fifty Persons (other than and except any Meeting of any County, or Division of any County, called by the Lord Lieutenant, Governor or Custos Rotulorum, or the Sheriff of such County, or any Meeting of any Riding of any County called by the Lord Lieutenant or Custos Rotulorum of such Riding, or by the Sheriff of the same County; or any Meeting called by the Sheriff or Stewart Depute or Substitute, or by the Convener of any County or Stewartry, or any Meeting called by Five or more acting Justices of the Peace of the County, Stewartry or Place where such Meeting shall be holden; or any Meeting of any Riding or Division of any County having different Ridings or Divisions, called by Five or more Justices of such Riding or Division; or any Meeting called by the major Part of the Grand Jury of the County where such Meeting shall be holden, at the Assizes for the said County; or any Meeting of any City, Borough or Town Corporate, called by the Mayor or other Head Officer of such City, Borough, or Town Corporate; or any Meeting of any Ward or Division of any City, called by the Alderman or other Head Officer of such Ward or Division, or any Meeting of any Corporate Body) , shall be holden for the purpose or on the Pretext of deliberating upon any public Grievance, or upon any Matter or Thing relating to any Trade, Manufacture, Business or Profession, or upon any Matter in Church or State; or of considering, proposing or agreeing to 'any Petition, Complaint, Remonstrance, Declaration, Resolution or Address upon the Subject thereof; unless in the Parish, or when any Parish

16 C. 6. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1819.

shall be divided into Townships, having separate and distinct Overseers of the Poor, then in the Township within which the Persons calling any such Meeting shall usually inhabit or dwell; nor unless Notice in Writing of the Intention to hold such Meeting, and of the Time and Place when and where, and of the Purpose for which the same shall be proposed to be holden, shall be delivered personally to some Justice of the Peace residing in or near to such Parish or Township, and usually acting for the District or Division within which such Parish or Township shall be situate, Six Days at the least before such Meeting shall be proposed to be holden as aforesaid; nor unless such Notice shall he subscribed by Seven Persons at the least, being Householders usually resident within the Parish or Township (as the Case may be) where such Meeting shall be proposed to be holden; nor unless the respective Places of Abode and Descriptions of such Persons be inserted in such Notice.

[Justice may alter Time and Place of Meeting; ]

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justice of the Peace to whom any such Notice as aforesaid shall be delivered, to alter the Time and Place, or either of them, mentioned in such Notice for holding any such proposed Meeting, and to fix any other convenient Time, being not more than Four Days from and after the Day proposed in the Notice, or any other convenient Place within the Parish or Township for which such Meeting is intended to be held as aforesaid;

[and notify the same in Writing.]

and in every such Case the said Justice of the Peace shall notify in Writing every such Alteration, and either give such Notification to the Person who shall deliver the Notice, or leave such Notification at any time within Two Days after the Delivery to the said Justice of such Notice as aforesaid, at the Place of Abode specified in such Notice of any one of the Seven Persons subscribing the same; and the said Meeting, if held, shall not in any such Case be held on any other Time, or at any other Place, than shall be so fixed by the said Justice of the Peace.

[No Adjournments of Meetings, &c.]

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to adjourn any Meeting that shall be holden at any Time or Place mentioned in any such Notice, or so altered as aforesaid to any subsequent Time, or to any other Place than shall have been so mentioned in such Notice, or so altered as aforesaid; and that every Meeting which shall be holden by way of or under pretence of being an adjourned Meeting, at any other Time or Place than the Time or Place mentioned in such Notice, or so altered as aforesaid, for the Purpose or on the Pretext of deliberating upon any Public Grievance, or upon any Matter or Thing relating to .any Trade, Manufacture, Business or Profession, or upon any Matter in Church or State, or of considering, proposing or agreeing to any Petition, Complaint, Remonstrance, Declaration, Resolution or Address, upon the Subject thereof, shall be deemed and taken to be an unlawful Assembly.

[No Persons (except Justices, &c.) to attend Meetings, unless Freeholders of the County, or]

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person (other than and except Justices of the Peace, Sheriffs, Under Sheriffs, Constables or other Peace Officers or other Persons acting under their Authority, or in their Aid or Assistance) shall attend any Meeting whatever exceeding the Number of Fifty Persons, which shall be holden for the Purpose or on the Pretext of deliberating upon any Public

A.D. 1819. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. C. 6. 17

[Members of the Corporation, or Inhabitant of the city or Parish, &c. for which the Meeting shall be held; ]

Grievance, or upon any Matter or Thing relating to any Trade, Manufacture, Business or Profession, or upon any Matter in Church or State, or of considering, proposing or agreeing to any Petition, Complaint, Remonstrance, Declaration, Resolution or Address, upon the Subject thereof, unless such Person, when the Meeting shall be holden for any County, Riding, Division or Stewartry, shall be a Freeholder, Copyholder, Heritor or Householder of, or an Inhabitant usually residing in the County or Riding, or Division of the County or Stewartry, within and for which the Meeting shall be holden, or a Freeman or Member of the Corporation, if the Meeting be of any Corporate Body, or a Householder of, or an Inhabitant usually residing, or a Freeholder or Copyholder having an Estate in Lands of the annual Value of Fifty Pounds, of which he shall have been in Possession Twelve Months, in the City, Borough or Town Corporate, Parish or Township (as the Case may be) , within and for which any such Meeting shall be holden:

[or Members of Parliament or Voters.]

Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Member of the Commons House of Parliament, attending any such Meeting as aforesaid, in any County, City, Borough, Town or Place for which he shall be serving in Parliament; nor to any Person having a Right to vote for a Member to serve in Parliament for any City, Borough, Town or Place, attending any Meeting of such City, Borough, Town or Place, which may be called by the Mayor or other Head Officer.

[Attending Meetings contrary to Act.]

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly and wilfully attend any Meeting holden for the Purpose or on the Pretext of deliberating upon any Public Grievance, or upon any Matter or Thing relating to any Trade, Manufacture, Business or Profession, or upon any Matter in Church or State, or of considering, proposing or agreeing to any Petition, Complaint, Remonstrance, Declaration, Resolution or Address, upon the Subject thereof, not being a Freeholder, Copyholder, Heritor or Householder of or Inhabitant usually residing in the County or Riding, or Division of the County or the Stewartry, within and for which the Meeting shall be holden, when such Meeting shall be holden for any County, Riding, Division or Stewartry, or not being a Freeman or Member of the Corporation, if the Meeting be of any Corporate Body, or a Householder of or Inhabitant usually residing, or Freeholder or Copyholder having such Estate as aforesaid, in the City, Borough or Town Corporate, Parish or Township (as the Case may be) , within and for which any such Meeting shall be holden, and not being such Member of the Commons House of Parliament, attending as aforesaid, such Person being convicted thereof,

[Punishment.]

shall be liable to be punished by Fine and Imprisonment, not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months, at the Discretion of the Court in which the Conviction shall be had.

[Justices, &c. may resort to Assemblies; ]

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Justices of the Peace, Sheriffs and Under Sheriffs, Mayors and other Head Officers aforesaid, are hereby respectively authorised and empowered, within their respective Jurisdictions, where any Meeting or Assembly shall be holden, or be proposed to be holden, for the Purpose or on the Pretext of deliberating upon any Public Grievance, or upon any Matter or Thing relating to any Trade, Manufacture, Business

18 C. 6. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1819.

or Profession, or upon any Matter in Church or State, or of considering, proposing or agreeing to any Petition, Complaint, Remonstrance, Declaration, Resolution or Address, upon the Subject thereof, to proceed to the Place where such Meeting or Assembly shall be holden, or shall be proposed to be holden, and there to do or order or cause to be done all such Acts, Matters and Things, as the Case may require, which they are hereby enabled to do, or to order to be done, or which they are otherwise by Law enabled or entitled to do, or to order to be done;

[and may require and take Constables, &c.]

and it shall be lawful for all Justices of the Peace, Sheriffs, Under Sheriffs, Mayors and other Head Officers respectively as aforesaid, to require and take the Assistance of any Number of Constables or other Officers of the Peace within the District or Place wherein such Meeting as hereinbefore mentioned shall be holden, or any other Persons in their Aid or Assistance, when they shall deem such Aid or Assistance to be necessary and requisite.

[Cases where Meetings shall be deemed unlawful.]

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Meeting shall be holden in pursuance of any such Notice as aforesaid, and such Notice shall express or purport that any Matter or Thing by Law established may be altered otherwise than by the Authority of the King, Lords and Commons, in Parliament assembled; or shall tend to incite or stir up the People to Hatred or Contempt of the Person of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or of the Government and Constitution of this Realm, as by Law established; every such Meeting shall be deemed and taken to be an unlawful Assembly.

[Persons attending Meetings contrary to Act, to be required by Proclamation to depart.]

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall attend any Meeting whatever, holden for the Purpose or on the Pretext of deliberating upon any Public Grievance, or upon any Matter or Thing relating to any Trade, Manufacture, Business or Profession, or upon any Matter in Church or State, or of considering, proposing or agreeing to any Petition, Complaint, Remonstrance, Declaration, Resolution or Address, upon the Subject thereof, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, it shall be lawful for any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace in and for any County, or the Sheriff or Under Sheriff of any County, or the Mayor or other Head Officer, or any Justice of the Peace of any City or Town Corporate, within which any such Meeting shall be held, to make or cause to be made Proclamation in the King's Name, in the Form directed in this Act, commanding every Person so unlawfully attending any such Meeting immediately and peaceably to depart therefrom;

and if any Person or Persons so ordered to depart as aforesaid, shall not, upon such Proclamation, depart from any such Meeting within the Space of a Quarter of an Hour after such Proclamation made, that then and in every such Case,

[Transportation.]

every such Person so continuing and not departing as aforesaid, shall, upon being thereof lawfully convicted, be adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall be liable to be transported for any Period not exceeding Seven Years.

[Form of Proclamation.]

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Order and Form of the Proclamation to be made as aforesaid, shall be as hereafter followeth; (that is to say,) the Justice of the Peace or other Person, or One of the Justices of Peace, or One of the other Persons authorised by this Act to make the said Proclamation, shall,

A.D. 1819. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. C. 6 19

among the said Persons assembled, or as near to them as he can safely come, with a loud Voice, command or cause to be commanded Silence to be, while Proclamation is making; and after that shall openly, and with loud Voice, make or cause to be made Proclamation in these Words, or to the like Effect:

Our Sovereign Lord the King chargeth and commandeth every Person here assembled, who is not a [Freeholder, Heritor of __________, Freeman of __________, Member of __________, Householder of __________, or Inhabitant usually residing, or Freeholder in, or Copyholder in __________, naming the County, Riding, Division, Stewartry, City, Borough, Town, Body Corporate, Parish or Township, as the Case may be,] or who is not entided to attend this Meeting, immediately to depart from this Meeting to his lawful Business.

God save the King. '

[Persons not entitled to attend meetings and not departing upon Proclamation; Proceedings.]

X. And be it further enacted, That when any such Proclamation as aforesaid shall have been made at any Meeting, it shall be lawful for any Person lawfully attending such Meeting, to seize and apprehend any Person not entitled to attend such Meeting, who shall not, upon the making of such Proclamation, forthwith depart, and to carry such Person before any Justice of the Peace of the County, Hiding, Division, Stewartry, City or Town Corporate, within which such Meeting shall be held, to be dealt with according to Law.

[Persons assembled contrary to this Act, not dispersing after being required so to do by Proclamation; ]

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace in and for any County, or for the Sheriff or Under Sheriff of any County, or for the Mayor or other Head Officer, or any Justice of the Peace of any City or Town Corporate, within which any Meeting shall be held, or Persons shall assemble for the Purpose of holding any Meeting contrary to the Provisions of this Act, or where any Person or Persons not entitled to attend any Meeting or Assembly as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to depart therefrom for the Space of a Quarter of an Hour after such Proclamation made as aforesaid, to make or cause to be made Proclamation in the King's Name, in the Manner and Form hereinafter directed, to command all Persons there assembled to disperse themselves, and peaceably to depart to their Habitations, or to their lawful Business; and if any such Persons so assembled as aforesaid shall, to the Number of Twelve or more, notwithstanding such Proclamation made, continue together by the Space of Half an Hour after such Proclamation made, that then and in every such Case every Person so continuing, being thereof legally convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony,

[Transportation.]

and be liable to be transported for any Term not exceeding Seven Years.

[Form of Proclamation.]

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Order and Form of the Proclamation to be made as aforesaid, shall be as hereafter followeth; (that is to say) , the Justice or Justices of the Peace, or other Person authorised by this Act to make such Proclamation, shall, among the said Persons assembled, or as near to them as he can safely come, with a loud Voice, command or cause to be commanded Silence to be, while Proclamation is making; and after

20 C. 6. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1819.

that shall openly, and with loud Voice, make or cause to be made Proclamation in these Words, or to the like Effect:

OUR Sovereign Lord the King chargeth and commandeth all Persons here assembled immediately to disperse themselves, and peaceably to depart to their Habitations, or to their lawful Business. '

GOD save the King. '

[Justices at Meetings, on Notice, may order Persons propounding or maintaining Propositions for altering any thing by Law established, (Exception) to be taken into Custody, &c.]

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace present at any Meeting requiring such Notice as aforesaid, shall think fit to order any Person or Persons who shall attend such Meeting in any manner contrary to the Provisions of this Act, or who shall at such Meeting proceed to propound or maintain any Proposition for altering any thing by Law established, otherwise than by the Authority of the King, Lords and Commons in Parliament assembled, or shall wilfully and advisedly make any Proposition, or hold any Discourse for the Purpose of inciting and stirring up the People to Hatred or Contempt of the Person of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or the Government and Constitution of this Realm as by Law established, to be taken into Custody, to be dealt with according to Law;

[Obstructing Justice; ]

and in case the said Justice or Justices, or any of them, or any Peace Officer acting under his or their or any of their Orders, shall be forcibly obstructed in taking into Custody any Person or Persons so ordered to be taken into Custody, then and in such case it shall be lawful for any such Justice or Justices thereupon to make or cause to be made such Proclamation as last aforesaid, in manner aforesaid;

[Proclamation to be made.]

and if any Persons, to the Number of Twelve or more, being required or commanded by such Proclamation to disperse themselves, and peaceably to depart as last aforesaid,

shall, to the Number of Twelve or more, notwithstanding such Proclamation made, remain or continue together by the Space of Half an Hour after such Command or Request made by Proclamation, that then such continuing together to the Number of Twelve or more, after such Command or Request made by Proclamation, shall be adjudged Felony, and the Offenders therein shall be adjudged Felons,

[Transportation.]

and shall be liable to be transported for any Term not exceeding Seven Years.

[Persons obstructing Justices, &c.]

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons do or shall, with Force and Arms, wilfully and knowingly oppose, obstruct, or in any manner wilfully and knowingly let, hinder or hurt any Justice of the Peace, or other Person authorised as aforesaid, or any Person acting in Aid or Assistance of any Justice of the Peace who shall attend or disperse any such Meeting as aforesaid, or shall be going to attend or to disperse any such Meeting, or any Justice of the Peace or Peace Officer, or any Person or Persons acting in Aid or Assistance of any Justice of the Peace or other Officer who shall begin to proclaim, or be going or endeavouring to make any Proclamation authorised or directed to be made under the Provisions of this Act, whereby such Proclamation shall not be made; and also if any Persons so being assembled as aforesaid, to whom any such Proclamation as aforesaid should or ought to have been made, if the same had not been hindered as aforesaid,

[or Twelve or more continuing together, &c.]

shall, to the Number of Twelve or more, continue together, and not disperse themselves within Half an Hour after

A.D. 1819. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. C. 6.

such Let or Hindrance so made, having Knowledge of such Let or Hindrance so made; and also if any Person so being at any such Assembly as aforesaid shall, with Force and Arms, wilfully and knowingly oppose, obstruct, or in any manner wilfully and knowingly let, hinder or hurt any Justice of the Peace or other Magistrate, or any Peace Officer or other Person acting in their Aid or Assistance, in the arresting, apprehending or taking into Custody, or detaining, in Execution of any of the Provisions of this Act, any Person or Persons, or endeavouring so to do, that then and in every such Case every Person so offending, being thereof legally convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony,

[Transportation.]

and be liable to be transported for any Term not exceeding Seven Years.

[Justices &c. indemnified in case of Persons being killed or maimed.]

XV. And be it further enacted, That if the Persons assembled at any Meeting or Assembly held contrary to the Provisions of this Act, or which shall become and be an unlawful Assembly, under the Provisions of this Act, or any of them, shall happen to be killed, maimed or hurt, in the dispersing or endeavouring to disperse, or arresting or apprehending or detaining them, or any of them, or in the endeavouring so to do, by reason of their resisting the Persons so dispersing, seizing or apprehending, or endeavouring to disperse, seize or apprehend them, that every such Justice of the Peace, Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Mayor, Head Officer, Magistrate, High or Petty Constable or other Peace Officer, and all and singular Persons being aiding and assisting to them, or any of them, shall be free, discharged and indemnified, as well against the King's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, as against all and every other Person and Persons, of, for or concerning the killing, maiming or hurting of any such Person or Persons so continuing together as aforesaid, that shall happen to be so killed, maimed or hurt as aforesaid.

[Proviso for Meetings held in private Rooms; ]

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Meeting or Assembly which shall be wholly holden in any Room or Apartment of any House or Building; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

[and for Meetings for returning Members to Parliament.]

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Meeting held in any County, Stewartry, City, Borough, Town or Place, returning any Member to serve in Parliament, after the issuing and before the Return of any Writ for the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament for such County, Stewartry, City, Borough, Town or Place.

[Attending Meetings with Arms, Weapons, &c.]

XVIII. And be it further declared and enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person to attend, proceed to or be present at any Meeting whatsoever, which shall be holden for the Purpose or on the Pretext of deliberating upon, or proceeding to deliberate upon any Public Grievance, or upon any Matter or Thing relating to any Trade, Manufacture, Business or Profession, or upon any Matter in Church or State, or of considering, proposing or agreeing to any Petition, Complaint, Remonstrance, Declaration, Resolution or Address, on the Subject thereof, armed with any Gun, Pistol, Sword, Dagger, Pike, Bludgeon or other offensive Weapon;

[Punishment.]

and that every Person who shall offend in the Premises, shall,

22 C. 6. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1819.

upon being convicted thereof, be fined and imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Two Years, at the Discretion of the Court before which such Conviction shall be had:

[Proviso for Justices of Peace, &c.]

Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Justice of the Peace, Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Mayor or other Head Officer aforesaid, or to any Peace Officer, or to any other Person or Persons acting in their Aid or Assistance, who shall attend, proceed to or be present at any such Meeting as aforesaid.

[Attending Meetings with Flags, Banners, and other Ensigns or Emblems.]

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person to attend, proceed to or be present at, or return from any Meeting whatever, which shall be holden for the Purpose or on the Pretext of deliberating upon, or proceeding to deliberate upon any Public Grievance, or upon any Matter or Thing relating to any Trade, Manufacture, Business or Profession, or upon any Matter in Church or State, or of considering, proposing or agreeing to any Petition, Complaint, Remonstrance, Declaration, Resolution or Address, on the Subject thereof, with any Hag, Banner or Ensign, or displaying or exhibiting any Device, Badge or Emblem, or with any Drum or Military or other Music, or in Military Array or Order;

[Punishment.]

and that every Person who shall offend in the Premises, shall, upon being convicted thereof, be fined and imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Two Years, at the Discretion of the Court before which such Conviction shall be had.

[Sheriffs Depute, &c. in Scotland to hare the same Powers as Magistrates in England.]

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Sheriffs Depute and their Substitutes, Stewards Depute and their Substitutes, Justices of the Peace, Magistrates of Royal Burghs, and all other inferior Judges and Magistrates, and also all High and Petty Constables, or other Peace Officers of any County, Stewartry, City or Town, within that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, shall have such and the same Powers and Authorities for putting this present Act in Execution within Scotland, as the Justices of the Peace, and Peace Officers and Constables aforesaid, respectively have, by virtue of this Act, within and for other Parts of the United Kingdom.

[Justices at Sessions may subdivide large Parishes and Townships for the Purposes of this Act.]

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, assembled at any Quarter or General Sessions of the Peace, in any case in which they shall deem it expedient for the Purpose of preventing tumultuous Meetings, to divide any Parish or Township within their Jurisdiction, having a Population exceeding, in the Judgment of the said Justices, Twenty thousand Inhabitants, into Two or more Divisions, for all the Purposes of this Act, and to assign the Boundaries of such Divisions; and that a Registry of such Divisions so made, specifying and describing the Boundaries so assigned, shall be entered with the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Riding or Division within which such Parish or Township is situate, and a Duplicate thereof shall be transmitted to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, or to the Minister and Elders, or to the Kirk Session of the Parish or Township so divided, to be by them preserved and kept with the Books of such Parish or Township, and Copies thereof shall be put up, and from time to time (in case of the Removal) replaced upon the Doors of the Church of such Parish or Township; and when any such Parish or Township shall be so divided, each of such separate Divisions shall, for all the Purposes

A.D. 1819. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. C. 6. 23

of this Act, be deemed a separate Parish or Township; and all the Clauses, Provisions, Regulations, Matters and Things in this Act contained, relating to any Assemblies or Meetings in Parishes or Townships, shall apply and be enforced, as to all such separate Division of Parishes or Townships, as fully and effectually as if the same were severally and separately repeated and re-enacted in relation thereto:

[Proviso as to Population.]

Provided always, that no such Division shall contain a Population, which in the Judgment of the said Justices shall consist of less than Ten thousand Persons.

[Extraparochial Places to be deemed Parishes for the Purposes of this Act.]

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every Extraparochial Place shall be deemed and taken to be a Parish or Township, for all the Purposes of this Act; and all the Clauses, Provisions, Regulations, Matters and Things in this Act contained, relating to any Assemblies or Meetings in Parishes or Townships, shall apply and be enforced as to all Extraparochial Places, as fully and effectually as if the same were severally and separately repeated and re-enacted in relation thereto.

[Recital of 57 G. 3. c. 19. §23. Proviso for Meetings in certain Parishes in Westminster, within One Mile of Westminster Hall Gate.]

XXIII. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the more effectually preventing Seditious Meetings and Assemblies, certain Regulations are enacted in relation to Meetings in the City or Liberties of Westminster, or County of Middlesex, which might prevent any Meeting under the Provisions of this Act in the Parishes of Saint John and Saint Margaret Westminster; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful to hold any Meetings in such Parishes respectively, which may be held under the Provisions of this Act, within the Distance of One Mile from the Gate of Westminster Hall, provided that the same shall not be held in Old or New Palace Yard at any time during the Sitting of Parliament; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Act not to legalise Notices, Meetings, &c. now contrary to Law.]

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed or construed to render lawful any Notice, or any Assembly or Meeting, or any Act or Thing which may be done at any Assembly or Meeting in pursuance of any such Notice, or the Attendance of any Person or Persons, which Notice, Assembly, Meeting, Act or Attendance, would have been contrary to Law if this Act had not been made.

[Proviso for Prosecutions otherwise than under this Act.]

XXV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prevent any Prosecution by Indictment or otherwise, for any thing which may be an Offence within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, and which might have been so prosecuted if this Act had not been made, unless the Offender shall have been prosecuted for such Offence under this Act, and convicted or acquitted of such Offence.

[Places for Lectures or Debates, unless previously licensed, deemed to be disorderly Places; and Persons punishable for paying or receiving Money.]

XXVI. And Whereas it is expedient that Houses and Places used for the Purpose of publicly delivering Lectures, or of holding Debates, should be regulated; Be it therefore enacted, That every House, Room, Field or other Place, at or in which

any Person shall publicly read, or at or in which any Lecture or Discourse shall be publicly delivered, or any public Debate shall be had, on any Subject whatever, for the Purpose of raising or collecting Money, or any other valuable Thing, from the Persons admitted, or to which any Person shall be admitted by Payment of

24 C. 6. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1819.

Money, or by any Ticket or Token of any kind delivered in consideration of Money, or any other valuable Thing, or in consequence of paying or giving, or having paid or given, or having agreed to pay or give, in any manner, any Money or other valuable Thing, or where any Money or other valuable Thing shall be received from any Person admitted, either under Pretence of paying for any Refreshment or other Thing, or under any other Pretence, or for any other Cause, or by means of any Device or Contrivance whatever, shall be deemed a disorderly House or Place, unless the same shall have been previously licensed in manner herein-after mentioned;

[Opening such Places; ]

and the Person by whom such House, Room, Field or Place shall be opened or used, for any of the Purposes aforesaid,

[Penalty 100l. on each Offence.]

shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds for every Day or Time that such House, Room, Field or Place shall be opened or used as aforesaid, to such Person as will sue for the same, and be otherwise punished as the Law directs in Cases of disorderly Houses; and every Person managing or conducting the Proceedings, or acting as Moderator, President or Chairman, at such House, Room, Field or Place, so opened or used as aforesaid, or therein debating, publicly reading or delivering any Discourse or Lecture;

[Collecting or giving Money for Admission; ]

and also every Person who shall pay, give, collect or receive, or agree to pay, give or receive, any Money or Thing for or in respect of the Admission of any Person into any such House, Room, Field or Place, or shall deliver out, distribute or receive any such Ticket or Tickets, or Token or Tokens as aforesaid, knowing such House, Room, Field or Place to be opened or used for any such Purpose as aforesaid,

[Penalty 20l.]

shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

[Persons acting as Masters of such Places liable to Prosecution.]

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall at any time hereafter appear, act or behave him or herself as Master or Mistress, or as the Person having the Command, Government, or Management of any such House, Room, Field or Place as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be a Person by whom the same is opened or used as aforesaid, and shall be liable to be sued or prosecuted, and punished as such, notwithstanding he or she be not in fact the real Owner or Occupier thereof.

[Magistrates may demand Admission to unlicensed Places:]

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace of any County, Stewartry, City, Borough, Town or Place, who shall by Information upon Oath have Reason to suspect that any House, Room, Field or Place, or any Parts or Part thereof, are or is opened or used for the Purpose of publicly reading or delivering Lectures or Discourses, or for public Debate, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, to go to such House, Room, Field or Place, and demand to be admitted therein; and in case such Justice or Justices shall be refused Admittance to such House, Room, Field or Place, or any Part thereof, the same shall be deemed a disorderly House or Place within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, and all and every the Provisions hereinbefore contained respecting any House, Room, Field or Place hereinbefore declared to be a disorderly House or Place, shall be applied to such House, Room, Field or Place, where such Admittance shall have been refused as aforesaid;

[Refusing Admission, Penalty, 20l.]

and every Person refusing such Admittance shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

A.D. 1819. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. C. 6. 25

[Two Justices may license Places for Lectures, &c.]

XXIX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, Stewartry, City, Borough, Town or Place, where any House, Room or other Buildings shall be intended to be opened for any of the Purposes aforesaid, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, at the Quarter or General Sessions of the Peace, or at any Special Session to be held for the particular Purpose, to grant a Licence to any Person or Persons desiring the same to open such House, Room or other Building for the Purpose of delivering, for Money, any such public Reading, Lectures or Discourses as aforesaid, or for the Purpose of holding Debates on any Subjects, the same being clearly expressed in such Licence,

[Fee for Licence.]

for which Licence a Fee of One Shilling and no more shall be paid; and the same shall be in force for the Space of One Year and no longer, or for any less Space of Time therein to be specified;

[Sessions may revoke the same.]

and which Licence it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace of the same County, Stewartry, City, Borough, Town or Place, at any General Quarter or General Sessions of the Peace, to revoke and declare void and no longer in force, by any Order of such Justices, a Copy whereof shall be delivered to or served upon the Person to whom the said Licence so revoked shall have been granted, or shall be left at the House, Room or Building for which such Licence shall have been granted; and thereupon such Licence shall, cease and determine, and be thenceforth utterly void and of no effect.

[Justices may inspect licensed Places:]

XXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace of any County, Stewartry, City, Borough, Town or Place, where any such House, Room or other Building shall be licensed as herein provided, to go to such House, Room or Building so licensed, at the time of any such public Reading or delivering any such Lecture or Discourse, or of holding any Debate therein as aforesaid, or at the Time appointed for any such public Reading, or delivering any such Lecture or Discourse, or of holding any Debate, and demand to be admitted therein;

[Refusing Admittance,]

and in case such Justice or Justices shall be refused Admittance to such House, Room or Building, the same shall be deemed, notwithstanding any such Licence as aforesaid, a disorderly House or Place within the Meaning of this Act, and all and every the Provisions hereinbefore contained respecting any House, Room, Field or Place hereinbefore declared to be a disorderly House or Place, shall be applied to such House, Room or Building so licensed as aforesaid, where such Admittance shall have been refused as aforesaid;

[Penalty 20l.]

and every Person refusing such Admittance shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same.

[Proviso for Lectures at the Universities, Inns of Court, Gresham College, &c.]

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any Lecture or Discourses to be delivered in any of the Universities of the United Kingdom, by any Member thereof, or any Person authorised by the Chancellor, Vice Chancellor or other proper Officers of such Universities respectively; or to any public Reading or Lecture or Discourse, to be delivered in the Public Hall of any of the Inns of Court or Chancery, by any Person authorised by the Benchers of the Inns of Court; or by the Professors

26 C. 6. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1819.

of Gresham College; or to the Professors in the College established for the Education of the Civil Servants of the East India Company, or the Seminaries established for the Education of their Military Service; or to any Society or Body of Men incorporated or established by Royal Charter or by Authority of Parliament;

[And for Payments to Schoolmasters, &c. in respect of Public Readings, &c.]

and that no Payment made to any Schoolmaster, or other Person by Law allowed to teach and instruct Youth, in respect of any public Readings, or Lectures or Discourses, delivered by such Schoolmaster or other Person, for the Instruction only of such Youth as shall be committed to his Instruction, shall be deemed a Payment of Money for Admission to public Readings or such Lectures or Discourses, within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

[Forfeiture of License in case of seditious or immoral Lectures.]

XXXII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace, acting for any County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City, Town or Place, upon Evidence on Oath that any House, Room or Place, so licensed and opened as aforesaid, is commonly used for the Purpose of public reading or delivering Lectures or Discourses of a seditious, irreligious or immoral Tendency, to adjudge and declare the Licence for opening the same to have been forfeited; and such Licence shall thereupon cease and determine, and shall thenceforth be utterly void and of no effect.

[Recovery of Penalties exceeding 20l.]

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all or any of the pecuniary Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, incurred under this Act in that Part of Great Britain called England, or in Ireland, may be recovered by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster and Dublin respectively, and in Scotland in the Court of Session there; and it shall be sufficient to declare in that Part of Great Britain called England, and in Ireland, or conclude in Scotland, that the Defendant or Defender is indebted to the Plaintiff or Pursuer in the Sum of __________ (being the Sum demanded by the said Action) , being forfeited by an Act made in the Sixtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act [here insert the Title of this Act]; and the Plaintiff or Pursuer, if he shall recover in such Action, shall have his full Costs or Expences;

[not exceeding 20l.]

and any pecuniary Penalty imposed by this Act, not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and for the Recovery whereof no Provision is hereinbefore contained, shall and may be recovered before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City, Town or Place, in which the same shall be incurred, or the Person having incurred the same shall happen to be, in a summary Way;

[If Penalty not paid,]

and in case such last mentioned Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, such Justice or Justices shall, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, and directed to any Constable or other Peace Officer,

[Distress, &c.]

cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, together with all Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale;

[If no Distress,]

and in case no sufficient Distress can be had or made,

[Imprisonment.]

such Justice or Justices shall commit the Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for such County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City, Borough, Town or Place, there to remain without

A.D. 1819. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. C. 6. 27

Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, nor less than Three Calendar Months:

[Limitation of Prosecutions for Penalties.]

Provided always, that no Person shall be prosecuted or sued for any pecuniary Penalty imposed by this Act, unless such Prosecution shall be commenced, or such Action shall be brought, within Three Calendar Months next after such Penalty shall have been incurred.

[Application of Penalties.]

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall, when recovered, either by Action in any Court, or in a summary Way before any Justice, be applied and disposed of in manner hereinafter mentioned, that is to say, One Moiety thereof to the Plaintiff in any such Action, or to the Informer before any Justice, and the other Moiety thereof to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors.

[Form of Conviction.]

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Justices of the Peace by or before whom any Offender shall be convicted under this Act, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the Manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the like effect, mutatis mutandis; that is to say,

BE it remembered, That on this __________ Day of __________ in the __________ Year of the Reign of __________, A.B. of __________ is duly convicted before [me or us, as the Case may be] __________ of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for __________, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Sixtieth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act [set forth the Title of the Act], for that the said A.B., after the passing the said Act, on __________ at __________, did contrary to the said Act [here specify the Offence against the Act, as the Case may be]; wherefore [I or we, as the Case may be], the said __________ do adjudge that the said A.B. do pay the Sum of __________ as a Penalty for his said Offence. '

[Limitation of Actions in England and Ireland for executing Act.]

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That any Action and Suit which shall be brought or commenced against any Justice or Justices of the Peace, Constable, Peace Officer, or other Person or Persons, in that Part of Great Britain called England, or in Ireland, for any thing done or acted in pursuance of this Act, shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards; and the Venue in every such Action or Suit shall be laid in the proper County where the Fact was committed, and not elsewhere;

[General Issue.]

and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced after the Time limited for bringing the same, or the Venue shall be laid in any other Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and in such Case, or if the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants upon the Merits, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her or their Actions after Appearance, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs,

[Double Costs.]

the Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs, which he or they

28 C. 6, 7. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1819.

shall and may recover in such and the same manner as any Defendant can by Law in other Cases.

[Limitation of Actions, &c. in Scotland for executing Act.]

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Action and Suit which shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons in Scotland, for any thing done or acted in pursuance of this Act, shall in like manner be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be brought in the Court of Session in Scotland,

[Plea.]

and the Defender or Defenders may plead that the Matter complained of was done in pursuance of this Act, and may give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and if such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced after the Time limited for bringing the same, then the same shall be dismissed; and in such Case, or if the Defender or Defenders shall be assoilzied, or the Pursuer or Pursuers shall suffer the Action or Suit to fall asleep, or a Decision shall be pronounced against the Pursuer or Pursuers upon the Relevancy,

[Double Costs.]

the Defender or Defenders shall have Double Costs or Expences, which he or they shall and may recover in such and the same manner as any Defender can by Law recover Costs or Expences in other Cases.

[Limitation of Prosecutions for Offences.]

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be prosecuted by virtue of this Act, for any thing done or committed contrary to the Provisions hereinbefore contained, unless the Prosecution shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the Offence committed.

[Act may be altered this Session.]

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied or repealed, by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

[Commencement and Continuance of Act.]

XL. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and have effect within the City of London, and within Twenty Miles thereof, from the Day next after the Day of passing this Act, and shall commence and have effect within all other Parts of the Kingdom, from the Expiration of Ten Days next after the Day of passing this Act; and shall be and continue in force for Five Years from the Day of passing this Act, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. VII.

An Act to amend an Act of the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trial of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament for Ireland.

[24th December 1819.]

WHEREAS by virtue of the Regulations of an Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

[42 G. 3. c. 106. s. 4.]

intituled An Act for regulating the Trial of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament for Ireland, certain Commissioners may be appointed for the Purposes of examining all such Matters and Things as shall be referred to them by a select Committee appointed to try and determine the Merits of any Petition complaining of an undue Election or Return of a Member or Members to serve

A.D. 1819 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. C. 7. 29

in the United Parliament for Ireland; And Whereas the said Commissioners are by the said Act directed to transmit a Copy of the Minutes of their Proceedings to the Speaker of the House of Commons, within Ten Days after the Evidence before them shall be closed:

[s. 23.]

And Whereas the said Speaker is directed by the said Act, within Two Days after he shall have received such Copy, to insert in the London Gazette a Warrant signed by him, directing the Select Committee on the Petition in question to reassemble and meet again within the Space of One Month from the Date of such Warrant, provided Parliament shall then be sitting:

[s. 26.]

And Whereas, under the Provisions of the said Act, the Day which may be so appointed may happen to be at a Time when the House of Commons may be adjourned: And Whereas it would be inconvenient that such Committee should reassemble and meet when the said House may be so adjourned: In order to remedy such Inconvenience, Be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[The Speaker, on receiving a Copy of Proceedings, to direct the Committee to meet within a limited Time after the Time to which the House may be adjourned.]

That if the Speaker of the House of Commons shall receive a Copy of such Proceedings when the House of Commons shall be adjourned for a longer Period than One Month from the Day on which the said Speaker is directed to insert in the London Gazette his Warrant for the reassembling and meeting of any such Committee, that then and in such Case the said Speaker shall, in such WTarrant, direct such Committee to reassemble and meet within One Month next after the Day to which the House may be adjourned; and if the said Speaker shall have directed the Committee to meet on any Day, and if the House of Commons shall subsequently adjourn to a Day beyond the Day so appointed for the reassembling and meeting of such Committee, that then and in such Case the said Speaker shall insert another Warrant in the next London Gazette after such Adjournment, directing such Committee to reassemble and meet within One Month next after the Ddy to which the said House may be adjourned, instead of on the Day first appointed, in pursuance of the Provisions of the said recited Act.

[Commissioners to transmit Copy of Minutes of Proceedings to the Speaker, assigning Reasons for Delay, which Committee may investigate.]

II. And Whereas it may be found impracticable, in some Instances, on account of the Quantity of Evidence taken before such Commissioners, for such Commissioners to transmit a Copy of the Minutes of their Proceedings to the Speaker of the House of Commons within Ten Days after the Evidence before them shall be closed; Be it therefore enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, in such Cases, transmit such Copy with all convenient Dispatch, and at the same time assign the Reasons for such Delay; which Reasons the Select Committee upon the Petition in question are hereby directed to investigate, and report their Opinion thereupon to the House, at the time they make their Report on the Merits of such Petition.

30 C. 8. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1819.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for the more effectual Prevention and Punishment of blasphemous and seditious Libels.

[30th December 1819.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make more effectual Provision for the Punishment of blasphemous and seditious Libels; Be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Court to make Order for the Seizure of Copies of the Libel in Possession of the Persons against whom Verdicts shall have been had, &c.]

That from and after the passing of this Act, in every Case in which any Verdict or Judgment by Default shall be had against any Person for composing, printing or publishing any blasphemous Libel, or any seditious Libel, tending to bring into Hatred or Contempt the Person of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or The Regent, or the Government and Constitution of the United Kingdom as by Law established, or either House of Parliament, or to excite His Majesty's Subjects to attempt the Alteration of any Matter in Church or State as by Law established, otherwise than by lawful Means, it shall be lawful for the Judge or the Court before whom or in which such Verdict shall have been given, or the Court in which such Judgment by Default shall be had, to make an Order for the Seizure and carrying away and detaining in safe Custody, in such manner as shall be directed in such Order, all Copies of the Libel which shall be in the Possession of the Person against whom such Verdict or Judgment shall have been had, or in the Possession of any other Person named in the Order for his Use;

[Evidence of Possession being given upon Oath.]

Evidence upon Oath having been previously given to the Satisfaction of such Court or Judge, that a Copy or Copies of the said Libel is or are in the Possession of such other Person for the Use of the Person against whom such Verdict or Judgment shall have been had as aforesaid; and in every such Case it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, or for any Constable or other Peace Officer acting under any such Order, or for any Person or Persons acting with or in aid of any such Justice of the Peace, Constable or other Peace Officer, to search for any Copies of such Libel in any House, Building or other Place whatsoever belonging to the Person against whom any such Verdict or Judgment shall have been had, or to any other Person so named, in whose Possession any Copies of any such Libel, belonging to the Person against whom any such Verdict or Judgment shall have been had, shall be;

[In case of Refusal of Admission; Proceedings.]

and in case Admission shall be refused or not obtained within a reasonable time after it shall have been first demanded, to enter by Force by Day into any such House, Building or Place whatsoever, and to carry away all Copies of the Libel there found, and to detain the same in safe Custody until the same shall be restored under the Provisions of this Act, or disposed of according to any further Order made in relation thereto.

In what Case Copies of Libels seized restored without Fee, &c.; or disposed]

II. And be it further enacted, That if in any such Case as aforesaid Judgment shall be arrested, or if, after Judgment shall have been entered, the same shall be reversed upon any Writ of Error, all Copies so seized shall be forthwith returned to the

A.D. 1819. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. C. 8. 31

[of as Court shall direct.]

Person or Persons from whom the same shall have been so taken as aforesaid, free of all Charge and Expence, and without the Payment of any Fees whatever; and in every Case in which final Judgment shall be entered upon the Verdict so found against the Person or Persons charged with having composed, printed or published such Libel, then all Copies so seized shall be disposed of as the Court in which such Judgment shall be given shall order and direct.

[Court of Justiciary in Scotland to make Order for seizing Copies of Libels, &c.]

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in Scotland, in every Case in which any Person or Persons shall be found guilty before the Court of Justiciary, of composing, printing or publishing any blasphemous or seditious Libel, or where Sentence of Fugitation shall have been pronounced against any Person or Persons, in consequence of their failing to appear to answer to any Indictment charging them with having composed, printed or published any such Libel, then and in either of such Cases it shall and may be lawful for the said Court to make an Order for the Seizure, carrying away, and detaining in safe Custody, all Copies of the Libel in the Possession of any such Person or Persons, or in the Possession of any other Person or Persons named in such Order, for his or their Use; Evidence upon Oath having been previously given to the Satisfaction of such Court or Judge, that a Copy or Copies of the said Libel is or are in the Possession of such other Person for the Use of the Person against whom such Verdict or Judgment shall have been had as aforesaid; and every such Order so made shall and may be carried into effect, in such and the same manner as any Order made by the Court of Justiciary, or any Circuit Court of Justiciary, may be carried into effect according to the Law and Practice of Scotland:

[Proviso for Return of Copies, &c.]

Provided always, that in the event of any Person or Persons being reponed against any such Sentence of Fugitation, and being thereafter acquitted, all Copies so seized shall be forthwith returned to the Person or Persons from whom the same shall have been so taken as aforesaid; and in all other Cases the Copies so seized shall be disposed of in such manner as the said Court may direct.

[Second Offence.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, after the passing of this Act, be legally convicted of having after the passing of this Act composed, printed or published any blasphemous Libel or any such seditious Libel as aforesaid, and shall, after being so convicted, offend a Second Time, and be thereof legally convicted before any Commission of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, or in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, such Person may, on such Second Conviction, be adjudged, at the Discretion of the Court,

[Punishment.]

either to suffer such Punishment as may now by Law be inflicted in Cases of High Misdemeanors, or to be banished from the United Kingdom, and all other Parts of His Majesty's Dominions, for such Term of Years as the Court in which such Conviction shall take place shall order.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person so sentenced and ordered to be banished as aforesaid, shall not depart from this United Kingdom within Thirty Days after the pronouncing of such Sentence and Order as aforesaid, for the Purpose of going into such Banishment as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty to convey such Person to

32 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1819. C. 8.

such Parts out of the Dominions of His said Majesty, as His Majesty by and with the Advice of His Privy Council shall direct.

[Persons banished found at large within His Majesty's Dominions to suffer Transportation.]

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Offender who shall be so ordered by any such Court as aforesaid to be banished in Manner aforesaid, shall, after the End of Forty Days from the Time such Sentence and Order hath been pronounced, be at large within any Part of the United Kingdom, or any other Part of His Majesty's Dominions, without some lawful Cause, before the Expiration of the Term for which such Offender shall have been so ordered to be banished as aforesaid, every such Offender being so at large as aforesaid, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be transported to such Place as shall be appointed by His Majesty for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years; and such Offender may be tried, either before any Justices of Assize, Oyer and Terminer, Great Sessions or Gaol Delivery, for the County, City, Liberty, Borough or Place where such Offender shall be apprehended and taken, or where he or she was sentenced to Banishment;

[Certificate by Clerk of Assize, &c. of Substance of Indictment, Conviction and Order, sufficient Evidence.]

and the Clerk of Assize, Clerk of the Peace, or other Clerk or Officer of the Court having the Custody of the Records where such Order of Banishment shall have been made, shall, when thereunto required on His Majesty's Behalf, make out and give a Certificate in Writing, signed by him, containing the Effect and Substance only (omitting the formal Part) of every Indictment and Conviction of such Offender, and of the Order for his or her Banishment, to the Justices of Assize, Oyer and Terminer, Great Sessions or Gaol Delivery, where such Offender shall be indicted,

[Fee.]

for which Certificate Six Shillings and Eight Pence, and no more, shall be paid, and which Certificate shall be sufficient Proof of the Conviction and Order for Banishment of any such Offender.

[Certificate to be given of Conviction of former Libel.]

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of Assize, Clerk of the Peace, or other Clerk or Officer of the Court having the Custody of the Records where any Offender shall have been convicted of having composed, printed or published any blasphemous or seditious Libel, shall, upon Request of the Prosecutor on His Majesty's Behalf, make out and give a Certificate in Writing, signed by him, containing the Effect and Substance only (omitting the formal Part) of every Indictment and Conviction of such Offender, to the Justices of Assize, Oyer and Terminer, Great Sessions or Gaol Delivery, where such Offender or Offenders shall be indicted for any Second Offence of composing, printing or publishing any blasphemous or seditious Libel,

[Fee.]

for which Certificate Six Shillings and Eight Pence, and no more, shall be paid, and which Certificate shall be sufficient Proof of the Conviction of such Offender.

[Limitation of Actions for executing Act.]

VIII. And be it further enacted, That any Action and Suit which shall be brought or commenced against any Justice or Justices of the Peace, Constable, Peace Officer or other Person or Persons, within that Part of Great Britain called England, or in Ireland, for any thing done or acted in pursuance of this Act, shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards; and the Venue in every such Action or Suit shall be laid in the proper County where the Fact was committed, and not elsewhere;

[General Issue.]

and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General

A.D. 1819. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. C. 8, 9. 33

Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced after the Time limited for bringing the same, or the Venue shall be laid in any other Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and in such Case, or if the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants upon the Merits, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her or their Actions after Appearance, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs,

[Double Costs.]

the Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs, which he or they shall and may recover in such and the same Manner as any Defendant can by Law in other Cases.

[Limitation of Actions, &c. in Scotland for executing Act.]

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Action and Suit which shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons in Scotland, for any thing done or acted in pursuance of this Act, shall in like Manner be commenced within Six Calendar

Months after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be brought in the Court of Session in Scotland;

[Plea.]

and the Defender or Defenders may plead that the Matter complained of was done in pursuance of this Act, and may give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and if such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced after the Time limited for bringing the same, then the same shall be dismissed; and in such Case, or if the Defender or Defenders shall be assoilzied, or the Pursuer or Pursuers shall suffer the Action or Suit to fall asleep, or a Decision shall be pronounced against the Pursuer or Pursuers upon the Relevancy,

[Double Costs.]

the Defender or Defenders shall have Double Costs, which be or they shall and may receive in such and the same Manner so any Defender can by Law recover Costs or Expences in other Cases.

[Law of Libel in Scotland not affected.]

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be held or considered as in any respect altering the Law or Practice of Scotland regarding the Punishment of Persons convicted of composing, printing, publishing or circulating any blasphemous or seditious Libel.

[Act may be repealed, &c. this Session.]

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be repealed in the Whole or in any Part thereof, or in any Manner altered or amended, during the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. IX.

An Act to subject certain Publications to the Duties of Stamps upon Newspapers, and to make other Regulations for restraining the Abuses arising from the Publication of blasphemous and seditious Libels.

[30th December 1819.]

WHEREAS Pamphlets and printed Papers containing Observations upon public Events and Occurrences, tending to excite Hatred and Contempt of the Government and Constitution of these Realms as by Law established, and also vilifying our holy Religion, have lately been published in great Numbers, and at very small Prices; and it is expedient that the same should be restrained: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it

34 C. 9. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1819.

may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Certain printed Pamphlets and Papers subject to the Stamp Duties upon Newspapers, and to the Regulations of]

That from and after Ten Days after the passing of this Act, all Pamphlets and Papers containing any Public News, Intelligence or Occurrences, or any Remarks or Observations thereon, or upon any Matter in Church or State, printed in any Part of the United Kingdom for Sale, and published periodically, or in Parts or Numbers, at Intervals not exceeding Twenty six Days between the Publication of any Two such Pamphlets or Papers, Parts or Numbers, where any of the said Pamphlets or Papers, Parts or Numbers respectively, shall not exceed Two Sheets, or shall be published for Sale for a less Sum than Sixpence, exclusive of the Duty by this Act imposed thereon, shall be deemed and taken to be Newspapers within the true Intent and Meaning of an Act of Parliament passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

[38 G. 3. c. 78.]

intituled An Act for preventing the Mischiefs arising from the printing and publishing Newspapers and Papers of a like Nature by Persons not known, and for regulating the Printing and Publication of such Papers in other respects; and of another Act of Parliament passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

[55 G. 3. c. 80.]

intituled An Act to provide for the Collection and Management of Stamp Duties upon Pamphlets, Almanacks and Newspapers in Ireland; and of another Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

[55 G. 3. c. 185.]

intituled An Act for repealing the Stamp Office Duties on Advertisements, Almanacks, Newspapers, Gold and Silver Plate, Stage Coaches and Licences for keeping Stage Coaches, now payable in Great Britain; and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof; and of an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

[56 G. 3. c. 56.]

intituled An Act to repeal the several Stamp Duties in Ireland, and also several Acts for the Collection and Management of the said Duties, and to grant new Stamp Duties in lieu thereof, and to make more effectual Regulations for calculating and managing the said Duties;

[and all other Acts in force relating thereto.]

and all other Acts of Parliament in force relating to Newspapers; and be subject to Such and the same Duties of Stamps, with such and the same Allowances and Discounts, as Newspapers printed in Great Britain and Ireland respectively now are subject unto under and by virtue of the said recited Acts of Parliament, and shall be printed, published and distributed under and subject to all such and the like Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are contained in the said recited Acts or either of them, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, relating to Newspapers printed, published, dispersed or made public in the United Kingdom; and the said recited Acts of Parliament, and all other Acts of Parliament now in force in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, relating to the printing, publishing, dispersing or making public in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, any Newspapers, or containing any Regulations relating thereto, and all the Clauses, Provisions, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures therein respectively contained, and in force at the passing of this Act, shall (except where

A.D. 1819. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. C. 9. 35

[Such Acts (Exception) to be in force.]

the same may be altered by this Act) be applied and put in force in relation to all such Pamphlets and printed Papers aforesaid, as fully and effectually as if all such Clauses, Provisions, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures were respectively severally and separately re-enacted in and made Part of this Act; and the said recited Acts, and all other such Acts of Parliament as aforesaid, and this Act, shall, as to all the Purposes of carrying this Act into Execution, be construed as one Act.

[What Quantity of Paper to be deemed a Sheet.]

II. And be it further enacted, That no Quantity of Paper less than a Quantity equal to Twenty one Inches in Length and Seventeen Inches in Breadth, in whatever Way or Form the same may be made or may be divided into Leaves, or in whatever Way the same may be printed, shall be deemed or taken to be a Sheet of Paper within the Meaning and for the Purposes of this Act.

[Cover, &c. not deemed Part of a Pamphlet.]

III. And be it further enacted, That no Cover or Blank Leaf, or any other Leaf upon which any Advertisement or other Notice shall be printed, shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed or taken to be a Part of any such Pamphlet, Paper, Part or Number aforesaid.

[Publications at Intervals exceeding 26 Days, to be published on the First Day of the Month, or within Two Days before or after.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Pamphlets and Papers containing any Public News, Intelligence or Occurrences, or any such Remarks or Observations as aforesaid, printed for Sale, and published periodically, or in Parts or Numbers, at Intervals exceeding Twenty six Days between any Two such Pamphlets or Papers, Parts or Numbers, and which said Pamphlets, Papers, Parts or Numbers respectively, shall not exceed Two Sheets, or which shall be published for Sale at a less Price than Sixpence, shall be first published on the First Day of every Calendar Month, or within Two Days before or after that Dav, and at no other Time; and that if any Person or Persons shall first publish or cause to be published any such Pamphlet, Paper, Part or Number aforesaid, on any other Day or Time,

[Penalty 20l.]

he or they shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

[The Price, and Day of Publication, to be printed on Periodical Publications.]

V. And be it further enacted, That upon every Pamphlet or Paper containing any Public News, Intelligence or Occurrences, or any Remarks or Observations thereon, or upon any Matter in Church or State, printed in any Part of the United Kingdom for Sale, and published periodically, or in Parts or Numbers, at Intervals not exceeding Twenty six Days between the Publication of any Two such Pamphlets or Papers, Parts or Numbers, and upon every Part or Number thereof, shall be printed the full Price at which every such Pamphlet, Paper, Part or Number shall be published for Sale, and also the Day on which the same is first published;

[Omitting the same, selling, &c.]

and if any Person shall publish any such Pamphlet, Paper, Part or Number, without the said Price and Day being printed thereon, or if any Person shall at any Time within Two Months after the Day of Publication printed thereon as aforesaid, sell or expose to Sale any such Pamphlet, Paper, Part or Number, or any Portion or Part of such Pamphlet, Paper, Part or Number, upon which the Price so printed as aforesaid shall be Sixpence, or above that Sum, for a less Price than the Sum of Sixpence,

[Penalty 20l.]

every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

36 C. 9. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1819.

[Proviso for Allowance to Distributors, &c. who buy to retail.]

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to subject any Person publishing any Pamphlet or Paper to any Penalty for any Allowance in Price made by the Person for whom and on whose behalf, and for whose Profit, Benefit or Advantage, the same shall have been first published, to any Bookseller or Distributor, or other Person to whom the same shall be sold for the Purpose of retailing the same.

[Such Pamphlets freed from certain Regulations.]

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Pamphlets and Papers which are by this Act declared to be subject to the Stamp Duties upon Newspapers, shall be freed and discharged from all the Stamp Duties and Regulations contained in any Act of Parliament relating to Pamphlets.

[No Persons to print or publish Newspapers, &c, or Pamphlets, without entering into Recognisance, or giving Bond for securing Fines upon Conviction for labels.]

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person, from and after Thirty Days after the passing of this Act, shall print or publish for Sale any Newspaper, or any Pamphlet or other Paper containing any Public News, Intelligence or Occurrences, or any Remarks or Observations thereon, or upon any Matter in Church or State, which shall not exceed Two Sheets, or which shall be published for Sale at a less Price than Sixpence, until he or she shall have entered into a Recognisance before a Baron of the Exchequer, in England, Scotland or Ireland respectively, as the Case may be, if such Newspaper or Pamphlet, or other Paper aforesaid, shall be printed in London or Westminster, or in Edinburgh or Dublin, or shall have executed in the Presence of, and delivered to some Justice of the Peace for the County, City or Race where such Newspaper, Pamphlet or other Paper shall be printed, if printed elsewhere, a Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, together with Two or Three sufficient Sureties, to the Satisfaction of the Baron of the Exchequer taking such Recognisance, or of the Justice of the Peace taking such Bond, every Person printing or publishing any such Newspaper or Pamphlet or Paper aforesaid, in the Sum of Three hundred Pounds, if such Newspaper, Pamphlet or Paper shall be printed in London or within Twenty Miles thereof, and in the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, if such Newspaper, Pamphlet or Paper shall be printed elsewhere in the United Kingdom, and his or her Sureties in a like Sum in the whole, conditioned that such Printer or Publisher shall pay to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, every such Fine or Penalty as may at any Time be imposed upon or adjudged against him or her, by reason of any Conviction for printing or publishing any blasphemous or seditious Libel, at any Time after the entering into such Recognisance or executing such Bond;

[Penalty 20l.]

and that every Person who shall print or first publish any such Newspaper, Pamphlet or other Paper, without having entered into such Recognisance, or executed and delivered such Bond with such Sureties as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

If Sureties pay any Part of the Money for which they are bound, or become Bankrupt, new Re-]

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every r case in which any Surety or Sureties in any such Recognisance or Bond shall have been required to pay and shall have paid the whole or any Part of the Sum for which he, she or they shall have become Surety; or in case any such Surety or Sureties shall become Bankrupt, or be discharged under any Insolvent Act;

A.D. 1819 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. C. 9. 37

[cognisance or Bond with Sureties to be given.]

then and in every such Case the Person for whom such Surety or Sureties shall have been bound, shall not print or publish any Newspaper or Pamphlet, or other Paper aforesaid, until he or she shall, upon being required so to do by the Commissioners of Stamps for Great Britain and Ireland respectively, have entered into a new Recognisance, or executed a new Bond, with sufficient Sureties, in the Manner and to the Amount aforesaid; and in case he or she shall print or publish any such Newspaper or Pamphlet, or other Paper aforesaid, without having entered into such new Recognisance, or executed such new Bond as aforesaid, having been required so to do as aforesaid,

[Penalty 20l.]

he or she shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

[Sureties may withdraw from Recognisance (Exception) upon giving Notice.]

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Surety or Sureties shall be desirous of withdrawing from such Recognisance or Bond, it shall and may be lawful to and for him or them so to do, upon giving Twenty Days previous Notice in Writing to the said Commissioners of Stamps respectively, or to the Distributor of Stamps of and for the District where the Printer or Publisher for whom he or they is or are Surety or Sureties shall reside, and also to such Printer or Publisher; and that in any such Case, every such Surety or Sureties, from and after the Expiration of such Notice, shall not be liable upon the said Bond or Recognisance, other than and except for any Penalty or Penalties before that Time imposed or incurred, and for which he or they would otherwise have been liable under the said Recognisance or Bond;

[New Recognisance to be entered into.]

and that then and in every such Case, the Person for whom such Surety or Sureties shall have been bound, shall not print or publish any Newspaper or Pamphlet, or other Paper aforesaid, until he or she shall have entered into a new Recognisance, or executed a new Bond, with sufficient Sureties, in the Manner and to the Amount aforesaid; and in case he or she shall print or publish any such Newspaper or Pamphlet, or other Paper aforesaid, without having entered into such new Recognisance or Bond as aforesaid,

[Penalty 20l.]

he or she shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

[Bonds free from Stamp Duty.]

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Bond as aforesaid shall be subject or liable to any Stamp Duty; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Lists of Recognisances, &c. transmitted to Commissioners of Stamps in England, Scotland, and Ireland respectively.]

XII. And be it further enacted, That Lists of all the Recognisances which shall have been entered into in the respective Courts of Exchequer in England, Scotland or Ireland, shall, Four Times in each Year, be transmitted to the Commissioners managing the Stamp Duties in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, as the Case may be, by the respective Officers recording such Recognisances in such respective Courts; and all Bonds executed under the Provisions of this Act shall, within Ten Days at the furthest after the Execution thereof, be transmitted to the said Commissioners respectively, by the Justices of the Peace to whom the same shall have been respectively delivered.

[Reasons for passing this Enactment.]

XIII. And Whereas the Printer or Publisher of any Newspaper, and of any Pamphlet and Paper hereby enacted to be deemed and taken to be a Newspaper, will, after the passing of this Act, be bound, under and by virtue of the Provisions

38 c. 9. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1819.

contained in the said Acts made and passed in the Thirty eighth and Fifty fifth Years of His Majesty's Reign respectively, to deliver to the Commissioners of Stamps in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, or some Distributor of Stamps or other Officer, on the Day on which the same is published, or within a certain Time afterwards, One of the Newspapers, Pamphlets or Papers so published, signed as in the said Acts is respectively directed: And Whereas it is expedient that the same or similar Provisions and Regulations should extend and be applied to all Pamphlets and Papers, whether published periodically or not, and which shall contain any Public News, Intelligence or Occurrence, or any Remarks or Observations thereon, or upon any Matter in Church or State, and which Shall not exceed Two Sheets as aforesaid, or which shall be published for Sale at a less Price than Sixpence;

[38 G. 3. c. 78. and 56 G 3. c. 56. Delivery by Printer of Newspapers, &c. to be made to the Commissioners of Stamps.]

Be it therefore enacted, That from and after Ten Days after the passing of this Act, the Printer or Publisher of any Pamphlet or other Paper for Sale, containing any Public News, Intelligence or Occurrences, or any Remarks or Observations thereon, or on any Matter in Church or State, shall, upon every Day upon which the same shall be published, or within Six Days after, deliver to the Commissioners of Stamps for Great Britain and Ireland respectively, at their Head Offices, or to some Distributor or Officer to be appointed by them to receive the same, and whom they are hereby required to appoint for that Purpose, One of the Pamphlets or Papers so published upon each such Day, signed by the Printer or Publisher thereof, in his Handwriting, with his Name and Place of Abode; and the same shall be carefully kept by the said Commissioners, or such Distributor or Officer as aforesaid, in such manner as the said Commissioners shall direct; and such Printer or Publisher shall be entitled to demand and receive from the Commissioners, or such Distributor or Officer, the Amount of the Retail Price of such Pamphlet or Paper so delivered;

[Penalty 100l.]

and in every Case in which the Printer and Publisher of Such Pamphlet or Paper shall neglect to deliver One such Pamphlet or Paper in the manner hereinbefore directed, such Printer and Publisher shall, for every such Neglect respectively, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

[Commissioners refusing to take Pamphlets. &c. to give Certificate thereof, and thereupon Printer, &c. free from Penalty.]

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners, or such Distributor or Officer aforesaid, shall refuse to receive or pay for any Copy of such Pamphlet or Paper offered to be delivered to them or him as aforesaid, for or on account of the same' not being within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, such Commissioners, Distributor or Officer shall, if required so to do, give and deliver to such Printer or Publisher a Certificate in Writing that a Copy of such Pamphlet or Paper had been by him duly offered to be delivered; and such Printer or Publisher shall thereupon be freed and discharged from any Penalty for not having delivered such Copy as aforesaid.

[Selling Papers not stamped, Penalty 20l.]

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall sell or expose to Sale any Pamphlet or other Paper not being duly stamped, if required to be stamped, such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

[Recognisance, in case of Libel,]

XVI. And be it declared and enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin

c. 9. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1819. 39

[to be of good Behaviour, as well as to appear to answer.]

or of Great Session in Wales, or any Judge thereof respectively, or for any Court of Quarter or General Sessions of the Peace, or for any Justice of the Peace before whom any Person charged with having printed or published any blasphemous, seditious or malicious Libel, shall be brought for the purpose of giving Bail upon such Charge, to make it a Part of the Condition of the Recognisance to be entered into by such Person and his or her Bail, that the Person so charged shall be of good Behaviour during the Continuance of such Recognisance.

[Recovery of Penalties.]

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin, or the Courts of Great Session in the Principality of Wales, or the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster and Durham, or in the Court of Session or Court of Exchequer in Scotland (as the Case shall require) , wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; or before any Two Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place where the Offence shall be committed:

[Proviso as to Amount.]

Provided always, that no larger Amount in the Whole than One hundred Pounds shall be recoverable or recovered before any Justices of the Peace, for any such Penalties incurred in any one Day; any thing in this Act or any other Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Two Justices may determine Offences:]

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace, in all Cases in which they are authorised to hear and determine any Offence or Offences which shall be committed against this Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament which are by this Act required to be construed therewith as Part thereof, upon Information exhibited or Complaint made in that behalf, within Three Months after any such Offence committed, to summon the Party accused, and also the Witnesses on either Side;

[Examination upon Oath.]

and upon the Appearance, or Contempt of the Party accused in not appearing, to proceed to the Examination of the Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath they are hereby empowered to administer) , and to give Judgment for the Penalty or Penalties incurred;

[Party not paying Penalty; ]

and in case the Party shall not immediately pay the said Penalty or Penalties,

[Imprisonment.]

to commit the Offender to Prison, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Six Months, unless such pecuniary Penalty or Penalties shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and if any Party shall find himself or herself aggrieved by the Judgment of any such Justices, then he, she or they may, upon giving Security to the Amount or Value of the Penalty or Penalties adjudged, together with such Costs as may he awarded in case such Judgment shall be affirmed,

[Appeal upon Security.]

appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next Quarter or General Sessions of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division or Place wherein such Offence shall be committed, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in case the Judgment shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such Justices to order the Person or Persons making such Appeal, to pay such Costs occasioned by such Appeal, as to them shall seem meet: Provided nevertheless,

40 C. 9. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1819.

[Justices may mitigate Penalties; ]

that it shall and may be lawful for the said respective Justices, where they shall see Cause, to mitigate or lessen any such Penalty or Penalties, in such manner as they in their Discretion shall think fit;

[allowing Costs.]

the reasonable Costs and Charges of the Officers or Informers being always allowed over and above such Mitigation; and so as such Mitigation does not reduce the Penalty to less than One fourth Part thereof, over and above the said Costs and Charges.

[Persons summoned as Witnesses not appearing, &c.]

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be summoned as a Witness to give Evidence before such Justices of the Peace, touching any such Offence, either on the Part of the Prosecutor or of the Person or Persons accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that. Purpose appointed, without a reasonable 'Excuse for such his or her Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed of by the Justices before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, or appearing shall refuse to give Evidence,

[Penalty.]

then every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be levied and paid in such manner and by such means as is in this Act directed as to other Penalties.

[Form of Convictions.]

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Justices before whom any Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid; shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the Manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the like effect, mutatis mutandis; that is to say,

County of __________ to wit.

Be it remembered, That on __________ at __________ A.B. of __________ was duly convicted before us, __________ of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for __________ in pursuance of an Act passed in the Sixtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act [Title of this Act]; for that the said A.B. on the __________ Day of __________ now last past, did [here state the Offence, as the Case may happen to be] contrary to the Form of the Statute in that Case made and provided; for which Offence we do adjudge that the said A.B. hath forfeited the Sum of __________; and [if the __________ Justices mitigate the Penalty] which Sum of __________ we do hereby mitigate to the Sum of __________ Given under our Hands and Seals, this __________ Day of __________.

[No Certiorari, &c.]

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Order or Conviction made in pursuance of this Act by any Justices of the Peace, shall be removed by Certiorari, Advocation or Suspension, into any Court whatever; and that no Writ of Certiorari, Advocation or Suspension shall supersede Execution or other Proceedings upon any such Order or Conviction, but that Execution and other Proceedings shall be had thereupon, any such Writ or Writs or Allowance thereof notwithstanding.

[Actions for Penalties to be commenced in the Name of the Attorney General in England and Ireland, and Advocate for]

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall net be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever to commence, prosecute, enter or file, or cause or procure to be commenced, prosecuted, entered or filed, any Action, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts, or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, against any Person or Persons, for the Recovery of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture made or incurred by virtue of this Act, unless

60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1819. C. 9. 41

[Scotland, or some Officer of the Stamp Duties.]

the same be commenced, prosecuted, entered or filed in the Name of His Majesty's Attorney General in that Part of Great Britain called England, or in the Name of His Majesty's Attorney General in Ireland, or His Majesty's Advocate for Scotland (as the Case may be respectively) , or in the Name of the Solicitor or some other Officer of His Majesty's Stamp Duties in that Part of Great Britain called England, or in Scotland or Ireland respectively; and if any Action, Bill, Plaint or Information shall be commenced, prosecuted, entered or filed in the Name or Names of any other Person or Persons than is or are in that behalf before mentioned, the same and every Proceeding thereupon had, are hereby declared, and the same shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

[Duties under Management of Commissioners of Stamps.]

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That for the better and more effectually levying and collecting the said Duties, the same shall be under the Government, Care and Management of the Commissioners for the time being appointed in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, to manage the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper; who, or the major Part of them, in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, are hereby required and empowered to do all ether Things necessary to be done for putting this Act into Execution, with relation to the said Duties hereby granted, in the like and in as full and ample a manner as they or the major Part of them were authorised to put in Execution any Law or Laws concerning Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper.

[Duties and Discounts to be paid and allowed as former Duties and Discounts; and Provisions of former Acts to extend to this Act.]

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties shall be and are hereby made payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and the said Duties, and the several Allowances, Discounts and Some of Money for or in respect of the same, shall and may be respectively raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, accounted for and applied and appropriated, mitigated and allowed, in such and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the general or special Ways, Means or Methods, by which the Duties upon Newspapers, and Discounts and Allowances in respect thereof, under the Management of the said Commissioners of Stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, are or may be raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated and allowed; and the several Persons, and also all such Pamphlets and Papers, of what Nature or Kind soever, by this Act made liable to the Payment of Duty, or entitled to any Discount or Allowance, shall be and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules and Restrictions, to which such Persons and Newspapers are generally or specially subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force before the passing of this Act; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force for securing the Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, upon Newspapers, or for the Regulation or Improvement of the said Duties, and the several Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Directions, Matters and Things therein contained, shall (except as the same or any of them are by this Act altered or repealed) and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively

42 C. 9. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1819.

applied, practised and put in Execution for and in respect of the several Duties charged, imposed and allowed, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all and every the said Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Restrictions, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures, Matters and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

[Application of Duties.]

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Monies arising from the Duties hereby granted shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster and Dublin respectively, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

[Proviso for Acts of Parliament, Proclamations, Orders of Council, &c.]

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend to Acts of Parliament, Proclamations, Orders of Council, Forms of Prayer and Thanksgiving, and Acts of State, ordered to be printed by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or His or their sufficient and authorised Officer; or to any printed Votes or other Matters by Order of either House of Parliament; or to Books commonly used in the Schools of Great Britain or Ireland, or Books or Papers containing only Matters of Devotion, Piety or Charity; or daily Accounts; or Hills of Goods imported and exported; or Warrants or Certificates foe the Delivery of Goods; and the Weekly Bills of Mortality; or to Papers containing any Lists of Prices Current, or of the State of the Markets, or any Account of the Arrival, Sailing or other Circumstances relating to Merchant Ships or Vessels; or of any other Matter wholly of a Commercial Nature; provided such Bills, Lists or Accounts do not contain, any other Matter than what hath been usually comprised therein; or to the Printers or Publishers of the foregoing Matters, or any or either of them.

[Certain reprinted Works republished in Numbers not chargeable with Stamp Duty, &c.]

XXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to charge with Stamp Duties any Work reprinted and republished in Parts or Numbers, whether such Work shall be wholly reprinted or shall be republished in an abridged Form; provided that the Work so reprinted and republished shall have been first printed and published Two Years at the least previous to such Reprinting and Republication, and provided the said Work was not first published in Parts or Numbers.

[Act may be repealed, &c. this Session.]

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Act to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

A.D. 1820. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. C. 10, 11. 43

Anno Primo GEORGII IV.

At the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Fourteenth Day of January, Anno Domini 1819, in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of Our late Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third; and from thence continued to the Thirtieth Day of January 1820, in the First Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Fourth, by the Grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith; being a Continuation of the Second Session of the Sixth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP. X.

An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Time limited for certain of those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty one; mid to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attorneys and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and to allow Persons to make and file such Affidavits, although the Persons whom they served shall have neglected to take out their Annual Certificates.

[28th February 1820.]

[This Act is the same as 59 G. 3. c. 11. except as to Dates.]

CAP. XI.

An Act for the better Regulation of Polls, and for making further Provision touching the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Ireland.

[28th February 1820.]

WHEREAS the Provisions contained in an Act made in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty,

[57 G.3. c. 151.]

intituled An Act for the better Regulation of Polls, and for making other Provisions touching the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Places in Ireland, have been found inadequate for all the Purposes intended; Be it therefore enacted by The Kings Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act,

[repealed.]

the said recited Act, and all the Clauses and Provisions therein contained, shall be and the same is and are hereby repealed.

[Polls to begin on the Day when demanded, or the Day]

II. And for the further amending the Laws for regulating the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Ireland, by assimilating the same, as far as it may be expedient, to the Laws

44 C. 11 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

---

After, and continue daily, (Sundays, Christmas Day, and Good Friday excepted.)

Poll closed on the 15th Day.

Majority declared, and Return made.

Poll Books to be delivered upon Oath to the Clerk of the Peace or other Person having Custody of the Records.

Evidence of Authenticity.

Certificate on Back of Return.

Evidence.

for regulating the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for England, and for the providing for the more expeditious taking i of rolls Be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, every Poll which shall be demanded at any Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for any County, City, Borough or other Place in Ireland, shall commence on the Day upon which the same shall be demanded, or upon the next Day after at farthest, (unless such Day shall happen to be a Sunday, Christmas Day, or Good Friday, and in such Case on the Day then next after,) and shall be duly and regularly proceeded in from Day to Day, for so many Hours of each Polling Day as the Returning Officer or Officers is or are by this Act directed to keep the Poll open (Sundays, Christmas Day, and Good Friday always and only excepted) until the same be finished; but so that no roll for the Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for any County, City, Borough or other Place in Ireland, shall continue more than Fifteen Days at the most (Sundays, Christmas Day, and Good Friday always excepted); and if such Poll shall continue until the Fifteenth Day, then the same shall be finally closed at or before the Hour of Three in the Afternoon of the same Day, and the Returning Officer or Officers at every such Election shall immediately after the final Close of the Poll, truly, fairly and publicly declare the Name or . Names of the Person or Persons who hath or have the Majority of Votes on such Poll, and shall forthwith make a Return of such Person or Persons.

III. And be it further enacted, That in every Case in which a Poll shall take place as aforesaid, the Returning Officer shall, within Twenty one Days of the final Close of such Poll, deliver all the Poll Books of such Election to the Clerk of the Peace for such County, County of a City or County of a Town* if such Election shall be held for a County, County of a City or County of a Town, or if in any other Place, then and in such Case to the Officer who has the Custody of the Records of such Place, verifying upon Oath (which Oath any Justice of the Peace for such County, County of a City, County of a Town or Place is hereby empowered to administer) , that the Poll Books which he delivers in are the original Poll Books of such Election upon, which the Return was founded, and that from the final Close of the Poll to the Time he delivers in the same there has not been any Ob-Hteration, Erasure, Addition or Alteration made therein, and such Poll Books shall be carefully kept amongst the Records of such County, County of a City, County of a Town or Place; and the Production of such Phil Books by such Clerk of the Peace or Officer, or his Deputy, shall be deemed sufficient Evidence of the Authenticity thereof, unless the same shall be disproved.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in every Case in which a Poll shall take place at any Election for any County, County of a City, or County of a Town or Place, the Returning Officer shall certify on the Back of such Return to the Writ for holding such Election the Names of the Candidates, the Numbers who voted for each Candidate as it appeared at the final Close of the Poll, and such Certificate shall be admitted as Evidence of the

60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV.

4$

C. 11.

Truth of the Facta therein certified, unless disproved by contrary Evidence.

V. And be it further enacted, That immediately after the Receipt of the Writ for making an Election for any County, the Sheriff of such County shall, and he is hereby required to indorse thereon the Date of receiving the same; and that such Sheriff shall, within Two Days after the Receipt of such Writ, cause Proclamation of the Time and Place of holding such Election to be made at the Place where the ensuing Election ought by Law to beholden, between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; and that the said Sheriff on the same Day shall cause to be affixed on the Doors of the County Court House, Public Notice, signed by himself, of a Special County Court to be there holden for the Purpose of such Election only, and which shall be holden on some Day (Sunday, Christmas Day, and Good Friday excepted) not later from the Day of making such Proclamation and affixing such Notice, than the Sixteenth Day, nor sooner than the Tenth Day; and that the Mayor, Sovereign, Portrieve, Provost, Burgomaster, Bailiff or Seneschal, of any Borough or other Place in such County, shall, from and after the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty, hold the Election for the same not later than Eight Days after he has received the Precept of the Sheriff of such County, having in the usual public Place in such Borough or other Place caused to be affixed a Notice under his Hand of the Time and Place of holding such Election, Four Days at the least preceding the Day of Election; and that the Sheriff or Sheriffs of a County of a Town, or a County of a City, shall, from and after the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty, hold the Election for such Town or City not later than Eight Days from the Day of receiving the Writ, having in the usual Place of such City or Town caused to be affixed Notice under his or their Hand of the Time and Place of holding such Election, Four Days at the least preceding the Day of the Election.

VI. And be it further enacted, That whenever in any One Barony or Half Barony of any County, or in any County of a Town or County of a City, the Number of Freeholders appearing by the Books of the Clerk of the Peace capable of voting at any Election for the same, shall exceed Eight hundred Freeholders, it shall and may be lawful for the Returning Officer or Officers, and such Returning Officer or Officers is and are hereby required to provide Two or more Places of polling for such Barony or Half Barony, or for such County of a Town or County of a City, and to make such a Division or Divisions of the Freeholders of such Barony or Half Barony, or of such County of a Town or County of a City, according to the First Letters of their Names, that it shall not be necessary for more than Eight hundred Freeholders to poll in any One Place of polling, but so as not to divide the Names beginning with the same Letter of the Alphabet, and that it shall and may be lawful for the Returning Officer or Officers, and he and they is and are hereby required to provide as many more Places of polling as may be necessary for this Propose, and to appoint as many additional Deputies and Poll Clerks as shall be

Sheriff to indorse on Writs for County Elections the Time of receiving thereof, and within Two Days to make Proclamation of Time and Place of Election.

Notice on Court House.

Day of Election to be between the Tenth and the Sixteenth Day after Proclamation.

Whenevermora than 800 Freeholders are registered in One Barony, an Alphabetical Division of the Freeholders to be made, so that not more than 800 need poll at One Place of polling.

C. 1I.

60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Appointment of Poll Clerks, Ac.

Sheriff to attend at a Booth, &c. separate from Polling Booths, to decide disputed Questions.

Duty of Returning Officer.

Clerk of the Peace to appoint a Deputy Clerk and Assistant^ attend at Election with Registry Book and original Affidavits of Registry, alphabetically arranged, Ac.

Proviso where Certificate of Registry not produced.

necessary to take the Poll in such additional Places of polling, not exceeding One Deputy and One Poll Clerk for each such Place of polling.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Returning Officer or Officers, at any Election for a Member to serve in Parliament for any County, City, Borough or other Place, and he and they is and are hereby required, to erect a Booth or hire a Building, unless there shall already be some fit and convenient Place for the Purpose, wherein he or they may and shall decide all the disputed Questions, and all the* Objections to Votes, that may be referred to him or them, and which Booth or Building or other Place shall be separate from and exclusive of the Number of Booths or Buildings, or other Places necessary for the polling of the Electors; and such Returning Officer or Officers is and are hereby required to give his or their constant Attendance in such separate Booth, Building or other Race, during the entire Number of Hours that the Polling shall continue each Day, any Act to the contrary notwithstanding, and to proceed without suffering any Delay or Interruption to take place in deciding all disputed Questions, and all the Objections to Votes, which shall be referred to him or them from the Polling Booths; and that the Returning Officer or Officers at any Election for any City or Borough is and are hereby required and empowered to appoint a Deputy or Deputies, to take the Poll at any such Election; and that the Returning Officer's Deputy, in each Place of polling, shall appoint such One Person for each Candidate, as shall be nominated to him by each Candidate, to be an Inspector of the Clerk who shall be appointed for taking the Poll and the Agent of such Candidate in each Place of polling; and such One other Person for each Candidate as shall be nominated by each Candidate, to be* a Clerk for keeping a Cheque Book of the Poll Book in each Place of polling.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace, at every Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for any County, County of a Town or County of a City, shall appoint, or in failure thereof the Returning Officer or Officers shall appoint, a Deputy Clerk of the Peace, and likewise an Assistant to such Deputy, to be present in each Place of polling, who shall take with him into such Place of polling the Registry Book belonging to the Barony or Half Barony, or County of a Town or County of a City, to be polled in such Place of polling, and all the original Affidavits or Affirmations which have been made by the Persons capable of voting in such Place of polling respectively, any Act to the contrary notwithstanding; which Affidavits or Affirmations the Clerk of the Peace is hereby required to have arranged alphabetically in separate Parcels (One or more for each Letter of the Alphabet) , and endorsed with the Names of the Persons by whom the some were respectively made, and also with the Number of the Entry of each Affidavit or Affirmation in the Registry Book; and that in those Cases wherein a Certificate of Registry shall not be produced by the Person tendering his Vote or offering to poll, such Deputy shall on the Demand of the Returning Officer's Deputy, produce the original Affidavit or Affirmation of the Registry of such Person; and that such Deputy Clerk

A.D. 1820. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. C. 11. 47

of the peace shall be entitled to receive the Sum of Ten Shillings and no more for each Day of his Attendance, any Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and such Assistant to such Deputy shall be entitled to receive the Sum of Five Shillings for each Day of his Attendance; and that if such Deputy, or such Assistant to such Deputy, shall alter, deface, destroy or lose any Affidavit or Affirmation of Registry committed to his Care, he shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds for every such Offence, to any Person suing for the same, by Action of Debt, at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Returning Officer or Officers at any Election, and he or they is and are hereby required, on the Demand in Writing of any Candidate, to appoint a sufficient Number of competent Persons to act as Interpreters, in order to translate faithfully such Oaths, Affirmations, and such Questions and Answers, as are required to be taken, made, asked or given, at any Election; and that every such Interpreter shall immediately after such Appointment, and before he shall proceed to act under such Appointment, take the following Oath; and every Returning Officer is hereby required and empowered to administer the same:

I A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully interpret such Oaths, Affirmations, Questions and Answers, as I shall be directed to interpret by the Returning Officer or Officers and his or their Deputy or Deputies [as the Case may be'] '

And that every such Person so appointed for the Purpose aforesaid. shall be entitled to receive the Sum of Ten Shillings for each Day of his Attendance.

X. And be it further enacted, That in every Case in which any Person shall tender his Vote or offer to poll at any Election for a Member to serve in Parliament for a County, or a County of a Town or a County of a City, by virtue of a Freehold, the Returning Officer's Deputy shall, in the First Place, refer to the Entry of the Affidavit or Affirmation of the Registry of the same in the Registry Book, and write down, opposite to the same, the Initial Letters of his Name; and then he shall refer to the Certificate or Affidavit of the Registry of the same; and that if any such Person shall produce a Certificate of the Registry of his Freehold, corresponding with such Entry of the original Affidavit or Affirmation, without any Erasure or Interlineation therein, signed in open Court by Two Justices, and countersigned by tht acting Clerk of the Peace, in such manner as is directed by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty fifth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for regulating the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, and for repealing the wocral Acts therein mentioned, or signed in such manner as is directed by this Act, or any other Act, when the Freehold is situated in a County of a Town or a County of a City, such Certificate shall, without further Proof, be deemed of equal Authenticity with the original Oath or Affirmation, and conclusive Evidence that such Person so tendering his Vote, or offering to poll, had registered such Freehold; and the Returning Officer's Deputy shall

write

Fees for Attendance of Deputy and Assistant.

Altering, &c. Affidavit, &c. Penalty 10L

On Demand of Candidates, Returning Officer shall Appoint Interpreters.

Oath to Interpreters:

Allowance to them.

Deputy of Returning Officer to refer to Registry Book, and Certificate of Registry in what Case deemed conclusive Evidence.

35 G. 3. (I.)

48

C. 11. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

If no Certificate produced, or no sufficient Certificate, then original Affidavit of Registry.

Oath of Electors administered by the Returning Officer's Deputy.

Form of Oath.

And Examination put by him.

Forms of Examination of each Voter, and Proceedings thereon.

write down the Initials of his Name upon the Margin of fetich Certificate; and that in all Cases wherein no such Certificate shall be produced by the Person tendering his Vote or offering to poll, or wherein such Certificate, if produced, shall appear to the Returning Officer's Deputy not to be in Manner and Form as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the ^turning Officer's Deputy, and he is hereby required, to direct the Deputy Clerk of the Peace to produce the original Affidavit or Affirmation of the Registry of the Freehold of such Person so tendering his Vote or offering to poll.

XI. And be it further enacted, That at any Election for a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for any County, City, Borough or other Place, the Returning Officer's Deputy shall, if required by any Candidate or the Inspector of any Candidate so to do, in Person administer, in the Place of polling in which he presides, an Oath in the following Form, to every Person separately, who shall tender his Vote or offer to poll at such Election, and immediately after the Production of the Certificate or Affidavit of Registry, when any such Person votes by virtue of a Freehold; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear [or, being a Quaker or Moravian, do solemnly 4 I affirm,] That I will true Answer make to all such Questions as the Sheriff's or other Returning Officer's Deputy [ew the Case may be] presiding in this Booth shall demand of me; and I do also swear, [or, being One of the People called Quakers or Moravians, do solemnly affirm,] that I have not polled before at this Election; and that I am, as I believe, Twenty one Years of Age. So help me GOD. '

And that immediately after any Person so tendering his Vote, or offering to poll at any Election for a Member to serve in Parliament for a County, or a County of a Town or a County of a City, shall have taken such Oath or Affirmation, the Returning Officer's Deputy shall, if required by any Candidate or the Inspector of any Candidate so to do, put the following Questions, and no others, without allowing any Person to interrupt him, to every such Person so tendering his Vote, or offering to poll, any Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and that the Poll Clerk shall forthwith write down the Entries on the Poll Book that he is hereinafter required to make according to the Answers which every such Person shall give to the said Questions; and that if any of the said Questions shall not be required to be put, then according to the Entry of the Voter's Registry in the Registry Book:

1. What is your Name?

2. Where do you reside?

3. Do you swear that you are possessed of a Freehold in the County of [naming the County, or County of a Town or County of a City for which the Election is held]?

4. Where is it situated ?

And that the Returning Officer's Deputy shall then, if required by any Candidate or the Inspector of any Candidate so to do, refer to the Certificate of Registry, if one be produced by the Person tendering his Vote or offering to poll, or if none he produced, to the original Affidavit of Registry, and then shall immediately ask.

A.D. 1820. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. C. 11. 49

if required by any Candidate or by the Inspector of any Candidate so to ao, without making or allowing any other Person to make any Comments or Observations upon the said Certificate or Affidavit, the following Question:

5. Is the Freehold described in this Certificate, or Affidavit of Registry [a* the Case may be], the same Freehold which you now swear you are possessed of, and by virtue of which you now offer to vote ?

And that in case it shall appear to the Returning Officer's Deputy, from the Certificate or Affidavit of Registry, that any Person shall tender his Vote, or offer to poll, in respect of a Freehold of the Value of Forty Shillings only, the said Deputy shall then, if re-

Suired by any Candidate or the Inspector of any Candidate so to o, put the following Questions:

6. Do you swear, that you have been in the actual Occupation of this Freehold, as described in your Certificate or Affidavit of Registry [as the Case may be], by tilling it, or by grazing it, or by residing upon it, during the whole of the last Twelve Months?

7. Do you swear, that this Freehold is now of the clear yearly Value of Forty Shillings, above all Charges payable out of the same?

And that whenever the Entry of the Affidavit or Affirmation of the Registry of any such Person shall appear in the Registry Book; and that any such Person shall have produced such a Certificate of Registry as is hereinbefore described; or that the original Affidavit or Affirmation of Registry shall have been produced by the Deputy Clerk of the Peace; and that any such Person so tendering his Vote or offering to poll shall have taken the Oath required as aforesaid, and shall have answered the Questions that shall have been demanded of him as aforesaid, such Deputy shall then ask him the following Question:

8. For whom do you vote ?

And that his Vote shall be entered on the Poll Book according Elector an-to his Answer, unless an Objection be made thereto by an In- swering di-spector of one of the Candidates appointed in the manner herein- rectly, shall before directed; and that if it shall appear to such Deputy, from then P?M» if the Answers which shall be given by any Person to the first Four not to *

Questions aforesaid, that his Freehold arises from a Rectory,

Vicarage, Curacy or other Ecclesiastical Preferment, the said Deputy shall forthwith proceed to ask him," For whom do you vote?^ and his Vote shall be entered on the Poll Book according to his Reply, unless an Objection be made thereto by an Inspector of one of the Candidates, appointed in the manner hereinbefore directed: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and In what Cases for the Returning Officer's Deputy to take the Vote of any Person Vote9 "y h tendering his Vote or offering to poll, whose Freehold appears on Oath^uiii the Registry Book, without referring to the Certificate, or Affidavit Q^esdon^&c.g or Affirmation of Registry, or without administering any Oath or putting any Question to such Person, except the Question," For whom do you vote ?" if he be not required by any Candidate or

50

C.ll.

60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Where a Vote is objected to, a Memorandum of the Objection to be made by the Poll Clerk for the Returning Officer to decide.

Proceedings thereon.

any Inspector of any Candidate so to do; and provided always, that if an Entry of the Affidavit or Affirmation of the Registry of the Freehold of any Person tendering his Vote or offering to poll, required by Law to be registered, shall not appear in the Registry Book, or that if any Person tendering his Vote or offering to poll shall not either produce such a Certificate of Registry as is hereinbefore described, or be able to refer to an original Affidavit or Affirmation of his Registry in the Possession of the Deputy Clerk of the Peace, or that if any such Person shall refuse to take the Oath aforesaid, or shall not give a direct Answer to each of the Questions to be put to him by the Returning Officer's Deputy, or that the Person so examined shall admit in his Answer or Answers to said Question or Questions, that he is not the Person whose Freehold is registered, or that he has no Freehold, or that the Freehold described in his Certificate, or Affidavit or Affirmation of Registry (as the Case may be) is not the Freehold for which he tenders his Vote, or that he has not been in the Occupation thereof for the whole of the last Twelve Months, or that the same is not at the Time of tendering his Vote of the Value of Forty Shillings above all Charges payable out of the same, then and in every or in any such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Deputy, and he is hereby required, authorised and empowered, to direct such Person to withdraw from the Place of polling, and to proceed immediately to receive the Vote of the next Person who shall tender his Vote or offer to poll.

XII. And be it further enacted, That at any Election for a Member to serve in Parliament for any County, City, Borough or other Place, no Objection shall be made to a Vote until after the Person tendering the same shall have declared for whom he votes; and that if the Vote of any Person shall be then objected to by an Inspector of any Candidate, the Poll shall not be on that account delayed, but the Returning Officer's Deputy shall direct the Poll Clerk to enter a Memorandum on the Poll Books, shewing to which Candidate or Candidates such Person has given his Vote; and he shall immediately proceed to receive the Vote of the next Person who shall tender his Vote or offer to poll; and that the Inspector who shall have made the Objection on behalf of any Candidate shall instantly write down a Memorandum, on a printed Form to be provided by the Returning Officer, containing the Name of the Voter, the Place of his Abode, and the Nature of the Objection or Objections, and sign and date the same, and shall give the same to the Returning Officer's Deputy, who shall sign the same with the Initial Letters of his Name, and then give the same to the Assistant Deputy Clerk of the Peace, who shall take the same, together with the Certificate, or Affidavit or Affirmation of Registry, if it shall be necessary so to do, to the Returning Officer, to decide on the Validity thereof; and that it shall thereupon be lawful to and for the Returning Officer or Officers, or his or their Assessor, at the Discretion of such Returning Officer or Officers, and his or their Assessor only, to order the Voter to attend before him or them during the Inquiry into his Vote; and for such Returning Officer or Officers, or his or their Assessor, to examine such Voter, by such Questions as such Returning Officer or Officers, or his or their Assessor, shall think necessary to ask,

A.D. 1820. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. C.ll. 51

as to any Objection or Objections made to his Vote; and such Returning Officer or Officers, or his or their Assessor, shall administer an Oath to such Voter in the Form following:

I A.B. do swear [or, being a Quaker or Moravian, do solemnly

affirm], That I will true Answers make to all such Questions

as shall be here put to me by the Returning Officer or Officers, ' or his Assessor [as the Case may be']. So help me GOD. '

And that if the Vote shall be allowed, the Returning Officer or Officers, or his or their Assessor, shall write down upon the Memorandum these Words," Allow this Vote and that if the Vote shall be disallowed, then the Returning Officer or Officers, or his or their Assessor, shall write down upon the Memorandum these Words," Reject this Vote and that in either Case the Returning Officer or Officers, or his or their Assessor, shall write down the Initials of his or their Name or Names under the Words so directed to be written down upon the Memorandum; and the Returning Officer or Officers, or his or their Assessor, shall then deliver the said Memorandum to the same Assistant Deputy Clerk of the Peace who had brought it to him or them, to be forthwith carried back to the Returning Officer's Deputy; and that such Deputy shall either reject such Vote, or order the Poll Clerk to enter the same upon the Poll for the Candidate or Candidates to whom it had been given, according as he shall be directed by the Returning Officer or Officers, or his or their Aissessor; and that every such Memorandum shall be preserved by such Deputy, and be delivered by him to the Returning Officer or Officers, to be attached to the Poll Books at the Close of the Election; and that the Form of the said Memorandum so to be prepared as aforesaid, shall be as follows:

Barony of

Number in the Registry Book. Name of Voter. Abode of Voter. Objection.

. (Signed) Dated Day of 18

Allow this Vote. Reject this Vote.

(Signed) (Signed)

Form of Oath.

Proceedings of Returning Officer in allowing or rejecting Votes.

C.ll.

60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Proviso in respect of frivolous Objections! &c.

Instructions bj Returning Officer to be observed by Deputies.

Returning Officer alone to examine Voters objected to.

Counsel may argue Points of Law.

Deputies not to reject Votes or examine Voters, except as before provided.

Persons not to plead or speak in place of polling during Time of polling *

Provided always, that in case any Objection be taken to any Vote, which shall not be in Substance different from one previously ruled by the Returning Officer or Officers, or his or their Assessor; or in case any Objection be taken which shall appear to such Deputy to be frivolous, or taken for the Purpose of Delay, that then m every such Case it shall not be lawful to and for the Deputy to transmit the Memorandum containing such Objection to the Returning Officer or Officers; and that in every such Case such Deputy shall admit the Vote, so objected to, to be entered upon the Poll.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Returning Officer shall give such Instructions in Writing to his Deputy or Deputies appointed for taking the Poll at any Election, as may be necessary to point out to him or them what is required of him or them to be done in respect of the Objections to Votes which may be made, and in respect of the Manner of transmitting them to such Returning Officer or Officers; and that every such Deputy shall obey such Instructions, and any other Instructions which may be given to him or them by the Returning Officer or Officers in respect of the due Performance of his or their Duty.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any other Person whatever, other than the Returning Officer or Officers, or his or their Assessor, to ask any Question of any Person who shall be examined by the Returning Officer or Officers, or his or their Assessor, on account of his Vote having been objected to; or for any Person to interfere with or suggest any Question to such Returning Officer or Officers, or his or their Assessor, respecting the Examination of such Person; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Returning Officer or Officers, or his or their Assessor, at the Discretion of such Returning Officer or Officers, or of his or their Assessor only, to permit a Barrister or Barristers to argue any Question of Law before him or them, on the Evening of any Polling Day after the Poll has been closed; any Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Deputy of any Returning Officer to put any Questions to any Person tendering his Vote or offering to poll at any Election for a Member to serve in Parliament for a County, or a County of a Town or County of a City, save and except those Questions hereinbefore directed to be put, or to make any Comments or Observations on the Answers which may be given to the same; or on any Matter or Thing relating to any Vote which may be tendered before him; and that if any Objection be made to any Vote at any Election for a County, City, Borough or other Place, such Objection shall be forthwith referred by the Returning Officer's Deputy, as hereinbefore directed, to the Returning Officer; and that it shall not be lawful for any such Deputy to investigate the Right of any Person to vote, further or otherwise than as hereinbefore directed, or to reject the Vote of any Person without Reference to the Returning Officer.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person, whether Barrister, Attorney, Inspector, Agent, Can* didate or Elector, or any other Person whatever, to plead or speak in any Place of polling during the Time of polling, on any

60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. C. 11. 53

Oaths to be required only as are hereby appointed.

Returning Officer's Deputy may administer Bribery Oath.

Improper Votea to be taken off the Poll by the Returning Officer, on Complaint of Candidate.

Matter or Thing concerning the polling, or concerning the Refusal of any Returning Officer's Deputy to transmit an Objection to a Vote to the Returning Officer or Officers, as hereinbefore provided for, or to ask any Questions of any Person tendering his Vote or offering to poll.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Person at any Election to require any Elector to take any Oath or Oaths, of the Nature of a Rent-charger's or Freeholder's Oath, to shew the Possession, Situation, Tenure, Value, or any other Circumstance touching or concerning his Freehold, in order to enable him to vote at such Election, save and except the Oath or Oaths herein required to be taken; any Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and that every Returning Officer's Deputy is hereby authorised and empowered to administer to every Elector the Bribery Oath or Affirmation, if required by any Candidate, or by the Inspector of any Candidate, or by any Elector, so to do.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be admitted to poll at any Election for a Member to 6erve in Parliament for a County, City, Borough or other Place, who has polled before at such Election, or who has personated another Elector for the Purpose, of polling at such Election, or who has polled by virtue of a forged Certificate of Registry, or who has

Clled by virtue of a Registry of an alleged Freehold under a Bse of Land or Tenements for a Life or Lives, made by a Lessor who had not at the Time of making the same a Freehold Estate therein; or by virtue of a Registry of an alleged Freehold under a Lease of Land or Tenements for a Life or Lives, which Lease is. to end and determine on some such Covenant or Condition, that a Freehold Estate has not been demised by the same; it shall and may be lawful for the Returning Officer or Officers, and they are hereby required, authorised and empowered, upon the Complaint of any Candidate, to take the Vote of such Person off the Poll, at any Time before the final closing of the same: Provided always, that the Act complained of, as having been committed by such Person, be set forth and described, and positively declared to have been committed by such Person, in an Affidavit to be sworn before a Justice of the Peace, and that such Affidavit be delivered to the Returning Officer or Officers; and further, that and to be the Act complained of shall appear to the Returning Officer or proved before Officers, upon a due Examination of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses concerning the same, upon his or their Oaths, to be proved to have been committed by such Person, which Oath or Oaths the Returning Officer or Officers is or are hereby authorised and empowered to administer; and that the Returning Officer or Officers shall examine all such Cases between the Hours of Seven of the Clock and Ten of the Clock of the Afternoon of e^ch Polling Day, except on that Day on which the Poll shall be finally dosed, unless all the objected Votes referred to such Returning Officer or Officers by his or their Deputies shall have been decided and disposed of: Provided always, that the Affidavit setting forth every such Complaint, shall be delivered to the Returning Officer or Officers on the same Day on which the Act complained of shall have been committed.

Act complained of to be stated in Affidavit;

Returning Officer, by the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses.

54

C. 11.

60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Hours for commencing and ending the Poll each Day.

After the Fourth Day, Returning Officer may close the Poll in any Booth when no more than Twenty have polled in the Day.

In what Case kept open for another Day.

Qualification of Deputy Sheriffs upon Oath.

Returning Officer may summon Constables. Bailiffs, &c. to attend

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Returning Officer or Officers at every Election for a Member to serve in Parliament for any County, City, Borough or other Place, shall cause the Poll to be kept open m every Place, and on every Day of polling, from Nine of the Clock in the Morning, except on the First Day of polling, until Six of the Clock in the Afternoon, except on the last Day of polling, between the Fifteenth Day of April and the Fifteenth Day of September; and from Nine of the Clock in the Morning, except on the First Day of polling, until Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, except on the last Day of polling, between the Fifteenth Day of September and the Fifteenth Day of April; and that in case any disputed Questions, or any Objections to Votes referred to him or them, by his or their Deputy or Deputies, shall not be decided during the Time for which the Poll shall be so kept open, the Returning Officer or Officers shall give his or their Attendance in his or their own Booth or other Place of Sitting, and proceed to decide the same, from Seven of the Clock to Ten of the Clock of the Afternoon of each Polling Day, e\cept on the last Day of polling.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Returning Officer or Officers, at any Election for a Member to serve in Parliament for any County, City, Borough or other Place, and he and they is and are hereby required, on any Day after the Fourth Day of polling, computing therein the Day on which the Poll shall be commenced, to close finally the Poll in any Booth or Place of polling in which no more than Twenty Persons have polled, or been referred for Decision to the Returning Officer or Officers during that Day: Provided always, that in case it shall appear, upon the Evidence of Two or more credible Witnesses taken upon Oath, and which Oath the Returning Officer or Officers is and are hereby empowered to administer, to the Returning Officer or Officers that any Persons intending to offer themselves to poll in such Booth or Place of polling, have been prevented by Force and Violence from coming to the same for the Purpose of polling on that Day, that then and in every such Case it shall be lawful to and for the Returning Officer or Officers to keep such Booth or Place of polling open for another Day, and so on from Day to Day, if such Force and Violence be repeated, and be found to have taken place on such Evidence as aforesaid, to the Satisfaction of the Returning Officer or Officers.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Sheriff of a County shall not appoint any Person to act as his Deputy at any Election, unless such Person shall have a Freehold Estate of the yearly Value of Fifty Pounds at least, above all Charges; and that such Sheriff shall demand upon Oath of such Person, whether such Person has a Freehold Estate of that Value, at the Time when he shall administer to him the Oath required by Law to be taken by every Sheriffs Deputy.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That at any Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for any County, City, Borough or Town, it shall be lawful to and for the Returning Officer or Officers to summon all Constables, Bailiffs and other Peace Officers,

60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. C.ll.

55

to attend the Places of polling, and to keep the Peace at such Election, and to perform such other Things as shall be assigned to him by the Returning Officer or Officers, and to appoint any Number of Special Constables that he or they may think proper to aid and assist therein; and that every such Constable, Bailin' or Peace Officer, who shall be so employed, shall be entitled to recevie the Sum of Five Shillings for each Day of his Attendance; and that every Constable, Bailiff or Peace Officer, when so summoned, who shall neglect to attend during the whole of such Election, or to obey the lawful Commands of the Returning Officer or Officers, shall forfeit such Office of Constable, Bailiff or other Peace Officer, and all Salary due to him in respect thereof.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Returning Officer or Officers, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, at any Election, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and empowered, to commit all Persons to Gaol, without Bail or Mainprize, who shall plead or speak on any Matter or Thing concerning the polling, or concerning any Objection to a Vote, or concerning the Refusal of any Deputy to transmit an Objection to the Returning Officers or Officer, or put any Question to any Returning Officer, Deputy or Elector, in any Place of polling, or in the Booth or other Place of sitting of the Returning Officer or Officers, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, or who shall be found rioting or interrupting the Poll, or wilfully preventing the Approach of Electors to the Place of polling, or who shall be guilty of a Contempt to such Returning Officer or Officers, or to such Deputy or Deputies; provided that the Time of such Imprisonment shall not in any Case exceed Twenty four Hours.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Death or the severe Illness of any Returning Officer, during the Continuance of the Poll at any Election, it shall and may be lawful for the first sworn Deputy, and he is hereby required, under the Penalty of forfeiting rive hundred Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to proceed with the Poll, and to act in every respect for all the Purposes of the Election, and with all the Power and Authority to do any Act required by Law to be done by a Returning Officer at any Election, as if he had been originally the Returning Officer; and that such Deputy shall take the Oath directed by Law to be taken by the Returning Officer at the Commencement of the Poll, which Oath any Two Justices of the Peace are hereby authorised to administer; and that such Deputy shall proceed with the Poll, and finally close the same at the Time hereinbefore required, and make a Return of the Person or Persons who hath or have the Majority of Votes, unless his Authority shall be superseded by the Recovery of the Returning Officer; and that in case of the Death or the severe Illness of such first sworn Deputy, the next Deputy in Succession shall act as the Returning Officer, subject to the like Penalty, and with the same Powers, and then take the Returning Officer's Oath in manner aforesaid; and so on, each Deputy m Succession shall in like manner act as the Returning Officer in case of the Death or severe Illness of the acting Returning Officer.

Elections, and

remunerate

them.

[Penalty.]

Returning Officer may commit Persons obstructing the Poll, &c.

In case of Death or Illness of Returning Officer, the first sworn Deputy shall perform the Duty.

Penalty 500L

Such Deputy to take Oath and proceed, close the Poll and make Return, as before mentioned.

56

an.

60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Officers returning corruptly or partially.

Punishment.

Returning Officer's Expenses of the Election, &c. paid by him in the first Instance.

Such Expenses to be presented by the Grand Jury,

and paid upon Fiat of Presentment.

Proceedings before Presentment.

Affidavit of Registry valid, though no Reference made to former Registry

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every Returning Officer who shall be by due Course of Law convicted of having acted corruptly or partially in the Execution of his Duty, as Returning Officer at any Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, shall be adjudged guilty of a high Misdemeanor, and shall be imprisoned for a Period not exceeding Three Years; and such Person so convicted is hereby declared to be for ever incapable of holding any Office or Situation, Civil or Military, under the Crown.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Expense of erecting Booths or hiring Buildings, and of employing Assessors, Sub-Sheriffs, Deputy Sheriffs, Clerks of the Peace, Deputy Clerks of the Peace, Assistant Deputy Clerks of the Peace, Poll Clerks and other Clerks, Interpreters, and Constables, Bailiffs, or other Peace Officers, and all other Persons directed by this Act and by other Acts of Parliament to be employed by the Returning Officer or Officers for the conducting of an Election for any County, City, Borough or other Place, and also the Expense of making Proclamations and Returns, and of Stationery, and of Advertisements, and all other Expenses necessary for the Purpose of providing the Means of taking the Poll at any such Election, shall in the first Instance be paid by the said Returning Officer or Officers presiding at any such Election.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County, County of a Town or County of a City, and they are hereby authorised and required, to present at the next Assizes after any Election for a County, City, Borough or other Place shall have taken place within the same, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be necessary to reimburse the Person or Persons acting as the Returning Officer or Officers at any such Election, for the Expenses incurred by him or them at any such Election; and that such Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid, immediately after such Presentment has been nated by the Judge at such Assizes, to such Person or Persons by the Treasurer of such County: Provided always, that before any such Presentment be made, such Person or Persons shall lay before the Grand Jury an Account of all the Particulars of the Expenses at such Election, and all the Vouchers for the said Expenses; and that it shall be made to appear to the Grand Jury, that the said Expenses are in conformity with the Provisions of tfiis Act, and the other Acts relating to Elections, and fair and reasonable in every Particular.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Affidavit or Affirmation of Registry made heretofore, shall be deemed to be according to Law, notwithstanding no Reference is made in it to a former Registry; and that in any Affidavit or Affirmation of Registry which shall be hereafter made at any Sessions of the Peace, no Words whatever shall be introduced having any Reference to a former Registry; and that the acting Clerk of the Peace at every Sessions of Registry, shall immediately after each Affidavit or Affirmation of Registry shall have been signed by the Two presiding Justices, and by the acting Clerk of the Peace, and before he proceeds to do any other Business whatsoever,

60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. C. 11. 57

enter into a Book the Substance of every such Affidavit or Affirmation in Succession, and not alphabetically; in the Form following:

I r Name of Freeholder. Place of Abode. Situation of Freehold. Name of Landlord. Value of Freehold. Names of Lives or other Tenure. Place and Date of Registry.

And that the Entry in the said Book of all the Affidavits or Affirmations so registered on each Day of every Sessions, shall be signed by the presiding Justices at such Sessions, or by Two of them at the least, before they leave the Court, and countersigned and dated by the acting Clerk of the Peace.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace of every County, County of a Town or County of a City, shall enter in alphabetical Order, according to the Surnames of the Persons who have registered Freeholds, the Substance of every Affidavit of Registry of every Freeholder capable of voting on the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, at any Election for the same, in the foregoing Form, in separate Books, One for each Barony or Half Barony, County of a Town or County of a City, in which such Freeholds shall lie, and shall affix before each Name a Number, to shew how many have registered under each Letter of the Alphabet in each Book; and that he shall enter in the same Manner and Form the Substance of every Affidavit of Registry which shall be made from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That within One Calendar Month next after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, every Clerk of the Peace shall cause to be printed in the cheapest Manner, and by Contract, not less than Fifty or more than Two hundred Copies of the said Registry Books, commencing with the Entries of Twenty Pounds and Forty Shillings Freeholds, from the First Day of January One

Form of Entry of Affidavits.

Clerk of the Peace to enter Substance of Affidavit of Registry, according to Names of Freeholders in Books.

Within One Month after Jan. 1, 1821, Clerk of the Peace to cause Copies of Registry Books, commencing with Entries of

C. II. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

20l. *nd 40b. Freeholds, from Jan. 1, 1813. to be printed: Afterwards Entries of Affidavits to be printed annually, Ac.

Clerk of the Peace to produce such printed Copies at each Spring Assizes, to be delivered to the Clerk of the Crown, and preserved amongst the Records of the County.

No Fiat for Clerk of the Peace's Salary, until such Copies are delivered.

Freeholds not to be registered, unless Instrument stamped.

thousand eight hundred and thirteen; and that every Clerk of the Peace shall, within One Calendar Month after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, and within One Calendar Month after the First Day of January in every succeeding Year, cause to be printed, in the cheapest Manner and by Contract, not less than Fifty nor more than Two hundred Copies of all Entries in the Registry Book of each Barony and Half Barony, County of a Town or County of a City, of all Affidavits or Affirmations of Persons who have registered their Votes within the Year then last past, ending on such First Day of January respectively; and that the Clerk of the Peace of every County shall deliver in each Year One printed Copy of the Registry Books to each Justice of the Peace residing in such County: Provided always, that the Clerk of the Peace Shall not suffer the original Registry Books to be out of his Possession, but shall cause Copies of them to be made for the Purpose of printing the same.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace of every County, County of a Town or County of a City, shall produce One of the said printed Copies of the Registry Books of each Barony or Half Barony in such County, or of such County of a Town or County of a City, corrected by him, and certified under his Hand to be correct, to One of His Majesty's Judges of Assize, at the Spring Asizes which shall be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, for any such County; and shall produce at every succeeding Spring Assizes for the same a printed Copy of all Entries made in such Books within the Year ending the First of January then last past, corrected by him and certified under his Hand to be correct; and that such Copy or Copies, so certified and produced by the Clerk of the Peace, shall be immediately delivered over, in the Presence of the Judge, to the Clerk of the Crown, who shall sign and date the same; and that such Copy or Copies shall be preserved among the Records of such County, and shall be deemed equally valid as the original Books at any Election, in case the same or any Part of them shall not be produced at such Election by the Clerk of the Peace; and that the Clerk of the Crown is hereby required to produce the said printed Copies of such Books at any Election, if required so to do by the Sheriff or Sheriffs of the County to which they belong; and that no Judge at the Spring Assizes to be holden in the said Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, or at any succeeding Spring Assizes, shall fiat any Presentment for paying any Salary to any Clerk of the Peace, until such printed Copy or Copies of such Registry Books, so certified, shall be so delivered in his Presence to the Clerk of the Crown; and that it shall not btf hereafter necessary for the Clerk of the Peace to deliver Copies of the Entries in the Books of Registry to the Treasurer of the County, any Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the r First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty, the

Justices presiding at any Sessions of the Peace shall not allow any Person to register his Freehold by virtue of any written Instrument, unless the same be stamped according to Law; and that the Clerk of the Peace shall, from and after the First Day of May

A.D. 1820. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. C. 11. 59

One thousand eight hundred and twenty, certify in every Certificate of the Registry of a Freehold of the Value of Forty Shillings only, that the same was registered by virtue of a written Instrument stamped according to Law.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Clerk of the Peace shall omit or neglect to appoint Deputies and Assistant Peace neglect-Deputies to attend the Places of polling at any Election; or to |"K ^utyunder have the original Affidavits or Affirmations of Registry arranged " ct 5 and indorsed as hereinbefore required; or to enter in a Book at

every Sessions of Registry, the Substance of every Affidavit or Affirmation made thereat, in the Manner and Form as hereinbefore required; or to enter in Books the Substance of all Affidavits or Affirmations of Registry of all the Freeholders who shall be capable of voting at an Election on the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, or of those Freeholders who may thereafter register Freeholds, in the Manner and Form as hereinbefore required; or to cause Registry Books to be printed, and to be delivered to the Clerk of the Crown, in the Manner and Form as hereinbefore required; or to certify in every Certificate of Registry which he shall grant after the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty, that the written Instrument produced by the Person registering a Freehold was stamped according to Law; he shall for every such Offence for- Penalty, feit a Sum not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, to any Person suing for the same; such Penalty to be recovered by Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Grand Jury to lawful for the Grand Jury of every County, County of a Town ^e*ent

or County of a City, at every Spring Assizes, and they are hereby required, authorised and empowered, to present such Sum or gj8try Booka. Sums of Money as shall be a proper Remuneration to the Clerk of the Peace for the Expense of printing the Registry Books, in the Manner and Form hereinbefore directed: Provided always, that Proviso, no such Presentment be made until the Contract for the printing thereof be produced, and that it appear to the Grand Jury that the Clerk of the Peace has caused the said Books to be printed in the cheapest Manner.

XXXV. And Whereas by an Act made in the Parliament of 37 G. 3. c. 47.

Ireland in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for the future Regulation of the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, it is amongst other things enacted, that if any Person seised of a Freehold not consisting of a Rent Charge shall desire to register it as being of the Value of Fifty Pounds or Twenty Pounds, he shall, in the Oath or Affirmation therein provided, name the Parish or Parishes, and the Townland or Townlands, in which such Freehold may be situated: And Whereas it is expedient that the Name of the Freeholds not Parish or Parishes in the said Oath may be omitted, and that the of

Townland or Townlands or other Denomination by which the Of5ol. or goL 4 Place is generally known wherein the Freehold is situated, be my named in the said Oath or Affirmation; f Be it therefore enacted, Parish in Oath, That it shall be lawful for any Person seised of a Freehold not »d n*me the consisting of a Rent Charge, who shall desire to register it as Townland. being of the yearly Value of Fifty Pounds or Twenty Pounds, to

60 C. 11. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Polling Twice, or personating Voters; Punishment.

Fraudulent

Voters.

Penalty 301.

45 G. 3. c. 59.

omit in such Oath or Affirmation the Name of the Parish or Parishes in which such Freehold may be situated, and to name therein the Townland or Townlands or other Denomination by which the Place is generally known wherein the said Freehold may be situated.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall poll a Second Time or offer to poll a Second Time at the same Election, or who shall personate any other Person, or attempt to personate any other Person, for the purpose of polling at such Election, shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and upon being thereof convicted in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin, shall be imprisoned for any Term not more than Two Years, at the Discretion of the Judge or Judges who shall try such Person.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall vote at any Election, by virtue of the Registry of an alleged Freehold, under a Lease of Land and Tenements for a Life or Lives, made by a Lessor who had not at the Time of making the same a Freehold Estate therein; or under a Lease of Land or Tenements for a Life or Lives, which Lease is to end and determine on some such Covenant or Condition, that a Freehold Estate has not been demised by the same; or under a Lease of Land or Tenements for a Life or Lives, or a certain Number of Years, which Life or Lives is or are dead; or under a Lease of Land or Tenements for a Life or Lives, which Lease has expired or been surrendered, after due Notice not to vote by virtue of any such Registry shall have been given to such Person by any Candidate, or by any Inspector of any Candidate, and which Notice every Candidate and Inspector is hereby authorised and empowered to give to such Person at any Time before or during such Election, or in the Place of polling, such Person, on being convicted thereof, shall forfeit to any Person who shall sue for the same the Sum of Twenty Pounds; to be recovered by him or them, with Treble Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or at any Assizes that may be held in the County in which such Election shall have taken place.

XXXVIII. And Whereas by certain Acts made in the Parliament of Ireland, and also by a certain Act made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, made in the Forty fifth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for amending an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty fifth Year of His late Majesty, for regulating the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, so far as relates to Freeholds under the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds, and for making further and other Regulations relating thereto, it is enacted, that every Oath and Affirmation made and subscribed at any Sessions of the Peace for Registry of any Freehold, shall be read aloud in open Court, and signed by Two of the Justices presiding therein: And Whereas the Number of the Justices who are empowered to act within several of the Counties of Towns, or Counties of Cities and Towns, agreeable to the Charters thereof, is extremely limited, and often confined to those who from Age and Infirmity are incapacitated for active Performance of Duty:

And Whereas it is necessary to provide against any consequent

A.D. 1820. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. C. 11. 61

Inconvenience or Delay of Persons possessed of Freehold Property, who wish duly to register such Freeholds, and to qualify themselves for exercising the elective Franchise; Be it therefore enacted, That in all Counties of Towns and Counties of Cities, on the Day immediately preceding the Opening of each General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, unless such Day shall fall upon a Sunday, and in such Case on the Day next but One preceding the Opening of each General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and upon the Day immediately after the Criminal and other Business of every such Sessions has been fully transacted, unless such Day shall fall upon a Sunday, and in such Case, on the Second Day after the said Business has been fully transacted, the Mayor or other Chief Magistrate of such County of a Town or County of a City, or his sufficient Deputy appointed by him, pursuant to Charter or Prescription, in case of his Absence from such Town or City, or his Illness, shall, upon being required so to do by any Freeholder of such County of a Town or County of a City, hold an open Court of Sessions for the Purpose of registering all such Freeholders as shall present themselves for that Purpose, in such Manner and Form as are now required by Law; and that the said Mayor, Chief Magistrate or his Deputy, shall commence his Sitting on each Day at the Hour of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, and shall continue it till the Hour of Four of the Clock in the Afternoon; and that it shall also be lawful for any Person possessed of a Freehold in any County of a Town or County of a City, to register the same before the Recorder or his Deputy, presiding in open Court, at any Quarter Sessions of the Peace or any Adjournment thereof, for the County of the Town or County of the City in which such Freehold is situate; and that such Mayor or other Chief Magistrate, or his Deputy, and such Recorder or his Deputy, shall administer all Oaths, and sign all Certificates, which are now required by Law to render the Registry of such Freehold valid; and that the Signature of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Recorder, or of their several Deputies, so affixed in open Court, shall be singly and of itself a sufficient Attestation of such Registry, in place of the Signature of Two Magistrates, and of the Clerk of the Peace, as now required by Law; and that the Certificate of the Registry of a Freehold in any County of a City or County of a Town so signed as aforesaid, shall be sufficient Evidence of the Registry of the same, at any Election, if without any Erasure or Interlineation, any thing to the contrary in this Act notwithstanding; and that the Affidavits of Registry so attested, shall be then and there delivered by such Mayor, Recorder or their respective Deputies, to the Clerk of the Peace, to be filed and kept amongst the Records of the Court.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Mayor or other Chief Magistrate of any County of a Town, or County of a City, shall neglect or wilfully omit to hold any such Session, by himself or his sufficient Deputy, in Manner and Form as hereinbefore required, upon being required so to do by any Freeholder of such County of a Town, or County of a City; or if any Mayor or other Chief Magistrate, or any Recorder, shall omit or neglect, or wilfully refuse to register the Freehold of any Person duly

§2.

Regulation for Registry of Freeholders by the Mayor, Recorder, &c. of Counties of Towns and Cities.

In what Caw Certificate of Registry sufficient Evidence of Registry.

Mayor, &c. neglecting or refusing to register, &c.

C.ll.

60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Penalty 1001.

Clerk of Peace so neglecting, Penalty 50l.

Forging Certificates of Registry, &c. Transportation.

Duty and Oath of Poll Clerks.

Administered by Returning Officer.

qualified, who shall present himself for that Purpose to such Mayor or Chief Magistrate or Recorder, such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Recorder so offending, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds for each and every such Neglect of Duty; and that if the Clerk of the Peace or his sufficient Deputy shall neglect or omit to attend at any such Sessions of the Peace, upon due Notice being given to him of the holding of the same by any Freeholder of such County of a Town, or County of a City, and then and there to do all Acts now required of him by Law for the Registry of Freeholders, such Clerk of the Peace shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; such Penalties to be recovered by Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin; one Moiety whereof shall be payable to our Lord the King, and the other Moiety to him who shall sue for and recover the same.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall falsely make, forge or counterfeit, or shall cause or procure to be falsely made, forged or counterfeited, or shall willingly act or assist in the false making, forging or counterfeiting any Certificate of the Registry of any Freehold, or any Affidavit or Affirmation relating thereto, or any Writing or Instrument purporting to be a Certificate of the Registry of any such Freehold, or an Affidavit or Affirmation relating thereto, or shall utter or publish, ' or assist to utter or publish, or produce in any polling Booth as true, any such false, forged or counterfeited Certificate, or Affidavit or Affirmation, Writing or Instrument, knowing the same to be false, forged or counterfeited, with Intent to make or support any Claim of himself, or any other . Person or Persons, to vote at any Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, every such Person so offending and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for Seven Years to some Part of His Majesty's Dominions out of Europe.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That every Person whom any Returning Officer at any Election for a Member to serve in Parliament for any County, shall employ to act as a Clerk for taking the Poll, shall enter in a Book to be provided for that Purpose, the Number opposite to the Name of each Freeholder in the Registry Book who shall tender his Vote or offer to poll at such Election, his Name and the Place of his Abode, the Situation and Value of his Freehold, and for whom he shall vote; and every such Clerk shall, before the Beginning of the Poll, take an Oath in the Form following;

J A.B. do swear. That I will, at this Election of a Member for

Members, as the Case may be] to serve in Parliament for the County, County of the Town or County of the City [as the Case

may be] of truly and indifferently take the Poll,

and set down the Number opposite to the Name of each Free-

holder in the Registry Book, his Natne and the Place of his

Abode, and the Situation and the Value of his Freehold, and for

whom he shall poll. So help me GOD. '

Which Oath every Returning Officer is hereby authorised and required to administer.

A.D. 1820. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. C. 11. 63

XLII. And be it further enacted, That any Deputy Sheriff, Deputy Sheriffs Poll Clerk, Clerk of the Peace, Deputy Clerk of the Peace, As- and Officer* sistant Deputy Clerk of the Peace, Interpreter, Constable, Bailiff g, ectin£ or Peace Officer, who shall absent himself from the Duty of his t^Poll. Office at any Election of a Member or Members to serve in Par- Punishment, liament for any County, City, Borough or other Place, during any Part of the Time that the Poll shall be kept open on each Day, shall forfeit all Compensation for his Attendance during such Election; and that the Returning Officer or Officers is and are hereby authorised and required, in case of the Absence, Neglect,

Misconduct or Insufficiency of any such Person or Persons, immediately to remove any such Person or Persons, and to appoint a Person or Persons to fill his or their Place or Places.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act Proviso for contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to limit, Franchises reabridge, or defeat the Franchise of any Person or Persons, who un

before the passing of this Act shall have duly registered his or 5

their Franchise or Franchises, under and by virtue of the Act of the Fifty seventh Year of His late Majesty's Reign, hereinbefore recited and repealed.

XLIV. And whereas it is expedient that Persons having Free- Person* having holds under the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds, and subject re, ^n Fre?"

only to Quit or Crown Rent, or arising from Fee Farm Grants, t° regUteTthe or under a Lease or Leases for ever, or for Lives renewable for game in manner ever, should have the Power of voting at Elections for Mem- herein menberg of Parliament, although they should not reside thereon, or tioned.

occupy such Freeholds by tilling or grazing to the Amount of Forty Shillings yearly Value thereof; Be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Persons having Freeholds under Twenty Pounds yearly Value, not consisting of a Rent Charge, and liable only to Crown or Quit Rent, to register the same in like manner as is provided for Persons having Freeholds of the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds, in an Act of the Thirty seventh Year of His late Majesty's Reign, passed in the Irish Parliament, and intituled An Act for the regulating of Elections; and that such 37 0.3. (I.) Person so registering his Freehold, shall insert in the Oath of Registry, the Words " Forty Shillings," instead of the Words Twenty Pounds," or Fifty Pounds," and shall add the following Words, 41 and that the said Freehold does not consist of a 44 Rent Charge, and that it is liable to no Rent except Quit or Crown Rent, or that it arises from Fee Farm Grant, or that I 44 hold it under a Lease or Leases for ever, or under a Lease or Leases for Lives, renewable for ever, [as the Case may he\ and that every Person who shall offer to vote by virtue of a Freehold under the Value of Twenty Pounds, and holding the same subject only to£uit or Crown Rent, shall make the same Affirmations, and take the same Oaths as are now provided for Persons having Freeholds of the Value of Twenty Pounds; provided al- Proviso, ways, that such Persons shall in such Oaths make the several Alterations and Additions as are herein set forth in the Oath of Registry for such Persons.

XX*V. And be it further enacted, That all former Acts of Par- Former Act* liament for the Regulation of the Election of Members to serve in , n force* Parliament for Ireland, shall be and continue in force, except

64 C. 11 — 13. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

only so far as the same are repealed or altered by this Act; and that this Act may be altered and repealed by any Act to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XII.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, such Laws as may expire within a limited Period.

[28th February 1820.]

Laws expiring at the End of this Session, or on or before June 1, continued till June 25, 182a

WHEREAS there are divers Laws now in force which will expire at the End of this Session of Parliament, or on some specified Day on or before the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and there may not be sufficient Time, during the present Session of Parliament, for a 4 particular Examination and due Consideration how far any of the said Acts may be fit to be further continued Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the Laws now in force, and which would expire at the End of this Session of Parliament, or on or before the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, shall be and continue in full Force, to all Intents and Purposes, until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty; any thing contained in the said Laws to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

[See Cap. 47. and Cap. 48. post.]

CAP. XIII.

An Act for continuing an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[28th February 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, which is to continue in force within Great Britain from the Twenty fourth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, until the Twenty fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twenty; and to be and continue in force within Ireland, and in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark and Isle of Many and the Islands thereto belonging, from the First Day of April in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, until the First Day of April in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twenty; and to be and continue in force within the Garrison of Gibraltar, and in Spain and Portugal, from the Twenty fifth Day of June in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, until the Twenty fifth Day of June in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twenty; and to be and continue in force in all other Parts of Europe where His Majesty's Forces may be

A.D. 1820. C. 13. 65 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV.

serving, and in the West Indies and America, from the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, to the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty; and to be and continue in force within the Cape of Good Hope, the Isle of France and Bourbon, and Islands thereto belonging, Saint Helena and the Western Coast of Africa, from the Twenty fifth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, to the Twenty fifth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty; and to be and continue in force in all other Places, from the Twenty fifth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty, to the Twenty fifth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty one: And Whereas it is judged necessary by His Majesty and this present Parliament, that the said Act should be continued as hereinafter mentioned; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, continued at and every Clause, Matter and 'Thing therein contained, shall be *tl, e "ver.il and continue in force within Great Britain from the Twenty fourth

Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hun- menlJOC dred and twenty, until the Twenty fifth Day of June in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twenty; and shall be and continue in force within Ireland, and in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark and Isle of Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, from the First Day of April in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twenty, until the First Day of July in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twenty; and shall be and continue in force within the Garrison of Gibraltar, and in Spain and Portugal, from the Twenty fifth Day of June in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred anil twenty, until the Twenty fifth Day of September in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twenty; and shall be and continue in force in all other Parts of Europe where His Majesty's Forces may be serving, and in the West Indies and America, from the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, to the Twenty fifth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty; and shall be and continue in force within the Cape of Good Hope, the Isle of France and Bourbon, and Islands thereto belonging, Saint Helena and the Western Coast of Africa, from the Twenty fifth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty, to the Twenty fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty one; and shall be and continue is force in all other Places, from the Twenty fifth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, to the Twenty fifth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, in as full and ample manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act

II. And be it further enacted, That any Articles of War formed, As also Article* nude and established, and any Court Martial Warrants signed and of \\ ar under issued by virtue of the Powers given by the said Act, by His »aid Atu Royal Highness The Prince Regent, acting in the Name and on the Behalf of His late Majesty, shall be and remain in full Force

66

C. IS, 14.

60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Power to Justices, acting in any Place not being a County, to commit Offenders to the Gaol of the County.

Justices may bind over Witnesses to give Evidence at Sessions of Oyer and Terminer, and transmit same to Clerk of the Crown, &c.

In such Case Expenses of Commitment and Prosecution to be paid by Town or Plan within which Offence committed.

within Great Britain, and the several other Parts and Places, and for the several Terms hereinbefore mentioned, during the Continuance of this Act.

CAP. XIV.

An Act to remedy certain Inconveniences in local and exclusive Jurisdictions.

[28th February 1820.]

WHEREAS the Trial of Capital Offences before Justices of Peace, within local and exclusive Jurisdictions not being Counties, may be attended with Inconvenience, and it is desirable that some Remedy should be provided for the same; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Justices of the Peace acting within and for any Town, Liberty, Soke or Place, not being a County, but having an exclusive Jurisdiction for the Trial of Felonies and Misdemeanors committed within the same, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, have full Power wdthin their respective Limits, at their Discretion, to commit any Person duly charged before them or any of them with any capital Offence committed within such Limits, to the Gaol of the County within which such Town, Liberty, Soke or Place shall be situated, there to be tried at the next Session of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery, to be held in and for such County, in the same manner as if such Offence had been committed within any other Part of the same County, and as if such Person had been committed by any Justice of the same County, not being within such Limits.

II. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Justice or Justices of the Peace, under the Authority of this Act, shall commit any Person to the County Gaol, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and required, also to bind over all necessary Parties and Witnesses by Recognisance, to prosecute and give Evidence against such Offenders at the next Sessions of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery, and to transmit such Recognisance, and all Depositions taken before him or them relating to the Charge, to the Clerk of the Crown, Clerk of Assize or other proper Officer, to be filed in the Court of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery for such County, to the Intent that the same may be used or put in force by the Judge or Judges of the said Court, as he or they shall deem proper, according to Law.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases of any Commitment to the County Gaol, under the Authority of this Act, all the Expenses to which the County may be put by reason of such Commitment, together with all such Expenses of the Prosecution and Witnesses as the Judge shall be pleased to allow by virtue of any Law now in force, shall be borne and paid by the said Town, Liberty, Soke or Place within which such Offence shall have been committed, in like manner and to be raised by the same means whereby such Expenses would have been raised and paid if the Offender had been prosecuted and tried within the Limits of such exclusive Jurisdiction; and that the

A.D. 1820. 60° GEO. III. & 1° GEO. IV. C. 14. 87

Judge, or Court of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery, shall have full Power and Authority to make such Order touching such Costs and Expenses as such Judge or Court shall deem proper; and also to direct by whom and in what manner such Expenses shall in the first Instance be paid and borne, and in what manner the same shall be repaid and raised within the Limits of such exclusive Jurisdiction, m case there be no Treasurer or other Officer within the same, who by the Custom and Usage of such Place ought to pay the same in the first Instance.

--- approx end of first part -

f i

Anno Regni GEORGII IV. Britanniarum Regis, Primo.

l G. 3. c. l.

S2 G. 3. c. 82.

25 G. S. c. 61.

27G.5.C. 13.

53 G. 3. c. 34.

(T0

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Twenty first Day of Anno Domini 1820, in the First Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Fourth, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith; being the First Session of the Seventh Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP. I.

An Act for the Support of His Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

[6th June 1820.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the Support of His Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain: And Whereas an Act passed in the Twenty second Year of the

Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling His Majesty to discharge the Debt contracted upon His Civil List Revenues, and for preventing the same from being in Arrear for the future, by regulating the Mode of Payments out of the said Revenues, and by suppressing or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil List: And Whereas an Act passed in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to authorise the Lord Steward of the Household, the Lord Chamberlain, the Master of the Horse, the Master of the Robes, and the Lords of the Treasury respectively, to pay Bounties granted by His Majesty to Persons in low and indigent Circumstances:

And Whereas an Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the

Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties together with the other Duties composing the Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandise,

the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; anti for applying certain un-

claimed Monies remaining in the Exc equer, for the Payment of the Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt

And Whereas an Act passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, in the Parliament of the then Kingdom of Ireland, intituled, An Act for the Support of the Honour and Dignity of His Majesty's Crown in Ireland, and for granting to His Majesty a (Civil List Establishment, under certain Provisoes and Regulations: And Whereas an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the JReign of His said late Majesty intituled

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C.l 69

An Act for the better Regulation of the Conduct of the Business of the Office of Works, and Expenditure thereof: And Whereas an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of the Civil List: And Whereas an Act passed in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for the further Regulation of His Majesty's Household, and the Care of His Royal Person, during the Continuance of His Indisposi tion: And Whereas by the said recited Act of the First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty it was enacted, that the Hereditary Rates and Duties, and other Duties and Payments, and the small Branches of His Majesty's Revenues therein expressed, should be raised, levied and collected as theretofore during the Life of His said late Majesty, and should be carried to and made Part of the Aggregate Fund; and that an Annual Rent or Sum was by the said last mentioned Act charged upon and made payable out of the said Aggregate Fund, during the Life of His said late Majesty, for the Support of His Majesty's Household, and the Honour and Dignity of the Crown: And Whereas by the said recited Act of the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, the said Rates, Duties, Payments and Revenues,

were carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund during the Life of His late Majesty, and Provision was made in the said last mentioned Act for the Payment of such of the said Rates,

4 Duties and Payments, as formed Part of the Hereditary Revenues of the Crown, after the Demise of His late Majesty, to His 4 Heirs and Successors; and such Hereditary Rates, Duties and Payments, now belong, and are due and payable to Your Most Excellent Majesty: And Whereas Your Majesty has been graciously pleased to signify to Your faithful Commons, in Parliament assembled. That whenever their Attention should be directed to the Provision to be made for the Support of the Civil Government, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, Your Majesty would leave entirely at their Disposal Your Majesty's interest in the said Hereditary Revenues; and that Your Majesty could not deny Yourself the Gratification of declaring, that so far from desiring any Arrangement which might lead to the Imposition of new Burthens upon Your People, or even diminish on Your Majesty's Account the Amount of the Reductions incident to Your Majesty's Accession to the Throne, Your Majesty could have no Wish, under Circumstances like the present, that any Addition whatever should be made to the Settlement adopted by Parliament in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen:

Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, with Hearts full of the warmest Duty and Gratitude, are desirous that a certain and competent Revenue, for defraying the Expenses of Your Majesty's Civil Government, and supporting the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of the United Kingdom during Your Majesty's Life (which God long preserve,) may be settled upon Your Majesty as a Testimony of our unfeigned Affection to Your Sacred Person, by whose happy Succession to the Throne Your Majesty's Subjects have the strongest Assurance, that the Religion, Laws and Liberties of this Realm will be continued, and

I4 0.SC. 157.

56 G. 3. C. 45. 59 0.5. c. 22.

10.3, c.l. §1.

70

C.I.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Power* of Acts as to the Hereditary Revenues to remain in force.

Hereditary Revenues and Arrears from late Demise, to be carried, during Life of His present Majesty, to the Consolidated Fund, and after Demise to His Heirs and Successors.

that they Your Majesty's said Subjects and their Posterity may, through the Divine Goodness, enjoy every Blessing under Your Majesty's auspicious Reign; have therefore freely resolved to

grant unto You, our most gracious Sovereign Lord King George the Fourth, a certain Revenue, payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and that the Produce of the Hereditary Revenues aforesaid be made Part of the said Consolidated Fund, during Your Majesty's Life;

and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enactedAnd be it enacted by The King*s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations and Clauses contained in the said recited Acts, or any or either of them, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament of Great Britain or Ireland, or of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in force at the Time of the Demise of His late Majesty, as to the said Hereditary Rates, Duties, Payments and Revenues in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, and also as to the Hereditary Revenues of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and the levying and collecting, and Payment or keeping separate Accounts thereof, or computing the Amount of any such Rates, Duties, Payments or Revenues respectively, shall be and the same are hereby declared and enacted to be in full Force and Effect, and shall be used and applied for the levying, collecting, paying or keeping separate Accounts of, or computing the Amount of all or any of such Rates, Duties, Payments and Revenues, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations and Clauses, were severally and separately re-enacted in the Body of and made Part of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Produce of all the said Hereditary Rates, Duties, Payments and Revenues, in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, which, during the Life of His late Majesty, were by the said recited Acts, or any or either of them, carried to and made Part, first of the Aggregate Fund, and, after the said recited Act of the Twenty seventh Year aforesaid, of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and all the said Hereditary Revenues in that Part of the United Kingdom, which were by the said recited Act of the Parliament of Ireland, of the Thirty third Year aforesaid of the Reign of His late Majesty, carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, and which Hereditary Rates, Duties, Payments and Revenues in England and Ireland respectively, at the Time of the Demise of His late Majesty, made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and all Arrears thereof which have accrued since the Demise of His late Majesty, which shall not have been applied and distributed in the Payment of any Charges thereupon respectively, shall, during the Life of His present Majesty (whom God long preserve) be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and from and after the Demise of His present Majesty (whom God long preserve) shall be payable and paid to the King's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors.

71

III. And be it further enacted, That for the Support of His Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, there shall be granted to His Majesty during His Life, in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, a Revenue of Eight hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, and in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, a Revenue of Two hundred and even thousand Pounds; and that the said Revenues shall be charged upon and made payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and shall respectively commence from and immediately after the Demise of His said late Majesty King George the Third, and be paid to His present Majesty during His Life (which God long preserve) , with Preference to all other Payments which have heretofore been, or which shall or may hereafter be charged upon the same; and that the Sum of Three hundred and sixty eight thousand nine hundred and fifty six Pounds and Ten Pence in England, and Eighty nine thousand eight hundred and fifty one Pounds Twelve Shillings and Eleven Pence in Ireland, shall be issued and paid out of the said Consolidated Fund, for the Support of His Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, being the Proportion of the said Revenues accruing in the Period from the Twenty ninth Day of January to the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty; and that from and after the said Fifth Day of July the said annual Revenues or Sums of Money shall grow due and payable to His Majesty quarterly, at the Four most usual Days of Payment in the Year, (that is to say) , the Tenth Day of October, the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, and the Fifth Day of July, by even and equal Portions, out of the Monies of the said Consolidated Fund of the said United Kingdom; the First Quarterly Payment thereof to be made on the Tenth Day of October; and the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the time being, shall and they are hereby authorised and required to cause the said yearly Revenues or Sums respectively, or any Arrears thereof, to be issued and applied from time to time, daily, weekly or otherwise, as soon as the same can be satisfied, for the Uses and Purposes by this Act appointed, out of the Monies arisen or to arise as aforesaid, so as by the said daily, weekly or other Payments, One fourth Part of such yearly Revenues or Sums of Money be not exceeded in, for or in respect of each Quarter; and so that upon every of the said Quarterly Days the whole then due thereupon be completed, made up or satisfied, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

IV. And Whereas the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds. 4 was granted by the Commons House of Parliament in the last Session to enable His Majesty to satisfy such Annuities, Pensions or other Payments, as would have been payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or out of the Civil List, in case the Demise of His late Majesty had not taken place before the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty: And Whereas the said Hereditary Revenues of His Majesty, arisen and paid into the Exchequer, between the Time of His late Majesty's Demise and the

850.0001. fn England and

207.0001. in Ireland, to lie-paid out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Support of His Majesty's Household and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, together with the proportion, ate Payment

as herein mentioned.

When payable *

Treasury authorised to issue the same.

Monies applied under Vote of' last Session, out of the 200,000L to be retained in the Exchequer towards the Aids of 1820: and Money applied for Hereditary

C. 1.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Revenue to be repaid to Consolidated Fund *

Provisions of former Acts as to Civil List to remain in force.

Reduction of the Amount to be issued for the First Class of the Civil List.

Fifth Day of April, have in pursuance of the said recited Acte

of the First and Twenty seventh Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, been set apart at the Exchequer for the Use of His Majesty, and a Part of the said Sums has been issued and applied in satisfying Payments to which the Civil List Revenues are properly applicable; Be it therefore enacted, That out of the First Monies which shall be issued and paid out of the Consolidated Fund, in respect of the Civil List Revenues granted to His Majesty by this Act, there shall be repaid to or retained in the Exchequer, towards completing the Aida

?-anted or to be granted by Parliament for the Service of the ear One thousand eight hundred and twenty, a Sum equal to so much of the said Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, as shall have been or shall be advanced and applied in satisfying such Annuities, Pensions or other Payments, as would have been properly charged or chargeable upon the Civil List Revenues; and there shall also be repaid to the Consolidated Fund, a Sum equal to so much of the Hereditary Revenues set apart at the Fifth Day of April last past, as may have been or may be issued or applied out ot those Revenues, for satisfying such Annuities, Pensions or other Payments, as would have been properly charged or chargeable upon the Civil List Revenues; and the Remainder of the said Hereditary Revenues, which may not have been issued or paid in Satisfaction of any such Charges, or of any other Charges thereon, shall go and be carried to the said Consolidated Fund on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

V. And Whereas Doubts may be entertained whether the Provisions of the Acts relating to the Civil List Revenues have expired with the Civil List Revenue of His late Majesty, by the Demise of His late Majesty; Be it therefore further enacted and declared, That all the Provisions, Regulations, Restrictions, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in the said recited Acts, or any or either of them, which were applicable and in force as to the Civil List Revenue at the Time of the Demise of His late Majesty, shall, so far as the same are not altered, varied or repealed by this Act, be and remain and continue, and are hereby declared to be in full Force and Effect, as to the Civil List Revenues granted by this Act, and shall be used and applied, as far as the same are applicable, in relation to the issuing, paying, receiving, Distribution, Care, Management, Regulation and accounting for the Civil List Revenues granted by this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were severally, separately and respectively repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and made Part thereof.

VI. And Whereas the estimated annual Amount of the Charge on the First Class of the Civil List, which the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury were by the said recited Act of the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid required to appropriate, according to the Provisions of the said Act, was Two hundred and ninety eight thousand Pounds; and by the said recited Act of the Fifty ninth Year aforesaid the same was reduced to One hundred and ninety thousand Pounds: And Whereas by the Reduction incident to Your Majesty's Accession to the Throne, the Sum to be

1° GEO. IV. C.L

73

appropriated for the Charge of this Class of the Civil List will be

still further diminished; Be it therefore enacted, That the Sum to be appropriated in each Quarter of a Year for defraying the Charge of the First Class of the Civil List, shall be equal only to One fourth Part of the Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds, being the estimated Amount of the future Annual Charge of this Class, according to the Schedule to this Act annexed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Total Charge upon the Civil List, from the Fifth Day of January in any One Year, to the Fifth Day of January in the succeeding Year, in Great Britain and Ireland, shall amount to more than the Sum of One million and seventy thousand Pounds, an Account, stating the Particulars of such Exceedings, and the Cause thereof, shall be submitted to Parliament within Thirty Days after the same shall have been ascertained, if Parliament shall be then sitting; but if Parliament shall not be then sitting, then the said Account shall be presented within Thirty Days after the next Meeting of Parliament.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the several and respective Duties and Revenues which were payable to His late Majesty King George the Third, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for and during His Life, shall be continued, raised, levied and paid from the Demise of His said late Majesty, during the Life of His present Majesty, in the same manner only, and subject to the same or the like Charges thereon, as the same were liable or subject to during His said late Majesty's Life: Saving always to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, their Heirs and Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, (other than to our said Sovereign Lord the King, His Heirs and Successors, and other than to such Person or Persons who do or may stand seised or possessed in Trust for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors,) all such Rights, Titles, Estates, Customs, Interests, Claims and Demands whatsoever, of, in, to or out of the Revenues, Hereditaments and others the Premises aforesaid or any of them, as they or any of them had or ought to have had at the making of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had never been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to limit the Amount of Pensions to be granted out of thm Civil List of Scotland, it was enacted, that ml Sums of Money which should remain, after Payment of all such Pensions and Grants and other Charges as were or should thereafter be charged upon or

granted or payable out of the Civil List of Scotland, and after defraying such Charges incident thereupon, should from time 1 to time, as the same should arise, be applied in Aid of the Civil List of England: And Whereas it is expedient to make further Provision for the Application of any such Surplus Be it therefore further enacted, That every such Surplus or Balance, which may remain after defraying the whole of the Charges upon or incident to the said Fund, shall during the Life of His present

In case of Exceedings of Charge on the Civil List, Particulars to be laid before Parliament.

The Duties and Revenues payable in Scotland to His late Majesty, to continue payable to His present Majesty.

General Saving.

50 G. 3.C. 111.

§2.

Surplus in Scotland to be carried to Consolidated Fund.

C.l.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

33 G.3. c. 34.

(I.)

Further Reduction of the Pension List in Ireland.

No new Pension to exceed 12001. Exceptions.

Proviso for the Rights of the Crown with respect to the small Branches of the Hereditary Revenues granted by 1 Ann. c. 7. tat. 1 .;

and for Leases, Grants, or Assurances thereof, or Suits, &c. for Recovery of name, Ac.

Majesty (whom God long preserve) go and be carried to the Account of the said Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom.

X. And Whereas by the said recited Act of the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, it was provided, that the whole Amount of Pensions to be granted in Ireland in One Year should not exceed One thousand two hundred Pounds, until the whole Pension List should be reduced to Eighty thousand Pounds, which Sum it should not afterwards be lawful to exceed; and that no Pension should be granted after such Reduction, to or for the Use of any one Person, exceeding the Sum of One thousand two hundred Pounds yearly, except to His Majesty's Royal Family, or on an Address of either House of Parliament: And Whereas the Pensions payable in Ireland have,

for a very considerable Time past, been reduced below the Limit fixed by the said recited Act, and it is expedient further to limit the same; Be it therefore further enacted, That the whole Amount of the Pensions to be granted in Ireland in One Year, shall not exceed One thousand two hundred Pounds, until the whole Pension List shall be reduced to Fifty thousand Pounds a Year, which Sum it shall not afterwards be lawful to exceed; and that no Pension shall be granted after such Reduction, to or for the Use of any one Person, exceeding One thousand two hundred Pounds a Year, except to His Majesty's Royal Family, or upon an Address of either House of Parliament.

XI. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to impeach or diminish any Rights, Privileges, Powers and Prerogatives, over the said small Branches of His Majesty's Hereditary Revenue particularly mentioned in the said recited Act of the First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and used, exercised and enjoyed, or which might have been used, exercised and enjoyed by any of His Majesty's Royal Predecessors since the passing of an Act in the First Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the better Support of Her Majestys Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, other than the Power of granting, during His Majesty's Life, or for any Term of Years determinable upon His Life or otherwise, the Profits and Produce of any such of the said small Branches, as are subject to the Restrictions of the said last mentioned Act, with respect to the free and absolute Disposition thereof, in Derogation of the special Purpose of this present Act, to carry the same to the said Consolidated Fund.

XII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend in anywise to impair or affect any Rights or Powers of Controul, Management or Direction, which have been or may be exercised by Authority of the Crown, or other lawful Warrant, relative to any Leases, Grants or Assurances of any of the said small Branches of His Majesty's Hereditary Revenue, or to any Suits or Proceedings for Recovery of the same, or to Compositions made or to be made on account of any of the said small Branches, or to any Remission, Mitigation or Pardon of any Penalties or Forfeitures incurred or to be incurred by the Importation of prohibited and uncustomed

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 1. 75

Goods, or to Fines taken or to be taken, and to Rents, Boons and Services reserved or to be reserved upon such Grants, Leases and Assurances, or to the Mitigation or Remission of the same, or to any other lawful Act, Matter or Thing which has been or may be done touching the said Branches; but that the said Rights and Powers shall continue to be used, exercised and enjoyed in as full, free, ample and effectual Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been made, and as the same have been or might have been enjoyed by His late Majesty at the Time of his Demise, subject nevertheless to all such Restrictions and Regulations as were in force in relation thereto at the Time of the Demise of His late Majesty; it being the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, that the said Rights and Powers shall not in any Degree be abridged or restrained, or affected in any Manner whatsoever, but only that the Monies arising from the full and free Exercise and Enjoyment of them so subject as aforesaid, shall, during His Majesty's Life, be carried to and made Part of the said Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money from Sums under time to time arising out of any of the Provisions or Regulations 57 G. s. c. 62. contained in an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the CMTied.to Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to abolish certain pund^duri Offices, and to regulate certain other Offices in Ireland, and which tjle jjfe 0(were by the said Act t arried to and made Part of the said Con- His present solidated Fund during the Life of His late Majesty, shall in like Majesty, manner be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of

the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland during the Life of His present Majesty.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That an annual Account of Amount of all Monies which shall or may hereafter arise, and be received Produce and for and in respect of any Droits of Admiralty or Droits of the Application of Crown, and from the Surplus of the Duties called the Four and a Revenue Half per Centum Duties, over and above Salaries and all other to i^d an-anntnu Charges affecting the same, and from all surplus Revenues nually before of Gibraltar, or any other Possessions of His Majesty, out of the Parliament. United Kingdom, and from all other casual Revenue or Revenues,

whether arising in or from any Foreign Possessions, or in the United Kingdom, and of the Application and Dispositions of all such Monies or Revenues, shall be laid before Parliament on or before the Twenty fourth Day of March in each Year, if Parliament shall be then sitting; or if Parliament shall not be then sitting, then within Thirty Days after the then next Meeting of Parliament.

C.l, 2.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

1st Class. lid Class.

Hid Class.

IVth Class.

Vth Class. Vlth Class. VIIth Class.

VIIIth Class.

His Majesty's Privy Purse Allowances to the Lord Chancellor, Judges and Speaker of the House of Commons Salaries, &c. of His Majesty's Ambassadors and other Ministers, — Salaries to Consuls, and Pensions to retired Ambassadors and Ministers Expenses (except Salaries) of His Majesty's Household in the Departments of the Lord Steward, Lord Chamberlain, Master of the Horse, Master of the Robes, and Surveyor General of Works Salaries in the above Departments Pensions limited by the Act 22° Geo. III. c. 82. Salaries to certain Officers of State, and various other Allowances -Salaries to the Commissioners of the Treasury and Chancellor of the Exchequer -Occasional Payments, not comprised in any of the aforesaid Classes -

60,000

32, 955

226, 950

209,000

140, 700

95,000

41, 300

13, 822

26,000

845, 727

CAP. II.

His Majesty enabled to be Governor, notwithstanding any Forms of Election prescribed by the Charter.

An Act to enable His Majesty to be Governor of the South Sea Company.

[6\h June 1820.]

WHEREAS the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, have made an humble Address to The King's Most Excellent Majesty, in a General Court of the said Company, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to honour the said Company with being their Governor, whereunto His Majesty being willing to condescend, some Doubts and Difficulties have arisen or may arise touching the Qualifications and Duties prescribed by Law, or by the Charter granted to the said Company, in relation to the Governors or Government thereof For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted and declared by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That His Majesty shall be capable of being and continuing Governor of the said Company for such Time or Times as are prescribed by the said Charter for the Continuance of any Governor therein, and that such Address as aforesaid, or any other Address of the said Company to be hereafter made in their General Court for the same Purpose (in case His Majesty shall be pleased to accept of being their Governor) , shall from time to time be deemed and adjudged to be an Election of His Majesty to be Governor of the said Company within the true Intent and Meaning of the said Charter, without the Forms of balloting or

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 2, 3,

77

other Methods prescribed by such Charter for electing the Governor of the said Company; any thing in the said Charter to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And it is hereby declared and enacted, That the Oaths pre- The Oaths scribed by the said Charter, or any Law now in force, and all required by the other Acts, Matters or Things necessary or requisite to qualify ^harlr dl*-a Subject of this Realm to be Governor of the said Company, pen#e wl shall not be deemed to be necessary or requisite for His Majesty's Qualification in respect of the said Government, nor shall the said Oaths be administered to His Majesty; and that His Majesty, in all Cases where any Vote is to be given or Act to be done by him as Governor of the said Company, may (if His Majesty think fit) by any Warrant or Warrants under His Royal Sign Manual appoint the Subgovernor or Deputy Governor of the said Company to vote or act for Him or on His Behalf; any former Law, Statute.

Charter or Provision to the* contrary notwithstanding.

An Act for the Removal of Doubts as to the Continuance of Three Acts for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England,

[6th June 1820.]

WHEREAS in the Fifty third Year of His late Majesty's S3 G. 3. c. 10*.

Reign an Act was passed, intituled An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England, which Act was to continue in

force until the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and thenceforth until the End of the then

next Session of Parliament; and was amended by Two Acts, 54 G. 3. c. 28.

the one passed in the Fifty fourth and the other in the Fifty c* 10*p

sixth Years of His said Majesty's Reign: And Whereas the said Acta were by an Act passed in the Fifty ninth Year of His said

Majesty's Reign continued until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, and would, unless further continued, have expired on the Twenty third Day of February last: And Whereas before the said Twenty third Day of February a Bill was introduced into the House of Commons for the Continuance of all Laws then in force and which would expire at the End of the then Session of Parliament, or on or before the First Day of June next, which Bill afterwards received the Royal Assent in

the last Session of Parliament, and became an Act, intituled An 60 G. 3. &

Act to continue until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand 4. c.l*.

eight hundred and twenty, such Laws as may expire within 4 a limited Periody whereby and by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to remedy the Inconvenience which has arisen and may 48 G. 3. c. 103. 4 arise from the Expiration f Acts before the passing of Acts to continue the same, the said Three Acts passed in the said Fifty third, Fifty fourth and Fifty sixth Years of His late Majesty's Reign, were intended to be continued until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty; but Doubts have arisen whether the said Three Acts were so continued For Remedy therefore, Be it enacted and declared by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

CAP. III.

78

c.s — s.

2° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Three Fint recited Acts continued till June 25, 1820.

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Three Acts for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England were continued in force by the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, and are now in force and will remain in force until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

CAP. IV.

An Act for punishing criminally Drivers of Stage Coaches and Carriages for Accidents occasioned by their wilful Misconduct.

[6th June 1820.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal

50 0.5. c. 48. 4

+Three Acts, made in the Twenty eighth, Thirtieth and Forty sixth Years of His present Majesty, for limiting the Number of Persons to be earned outside of Stage Coaches or other Carriages, and to enact other Regulations for carrying the Objects of the said Acts into Effect; divers Regulations and Penalties were established and imposed to carry into Effect the useful and highly important Purposes thereby intended: And Whereas it is expedient to extend the Provisions of the said Act, and to punish criminally Coachmen, or Persons having the Care of Stage Coaches and other Public Carriages carrying Passengers for Hire, for Accidents occasioned by their wilful Misconduct, as hereinafter mentioned May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Penont oc- Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Ae" if any Person whatever shall he maimed or otherwise injured by furious Drivin reajBon the wanton and furious Driving or Racing, or by the declared guilt/ wilful' Misconduct of any Coachman or other Person having the of a Miade- Charge of any Stage Coach or public Carriage, such wanton and meanor. furious Driving or Racing, or wilful Misconduct of such Coach-

man or other Person, shall be and the same is hereby declared to be a Misdemeanor, and punishable as such by Fine and Im-Proviso for prisonment: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to Hackney Coaches, being Coaches. drawn by Two Horses only, and not plying for Hire as Stage Coaches.

CAP. V.

An Act to enable Courts of Equity in Ireland to compel a Transfer of Stock in Suits, without making the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or any Canal Company, Party thereto.

[6th June 1820.]

WHEREAS great Expense arises or may arise in Suits in Courts of Equity, from the Practice of making the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or the respective Canal Companies, Parties thereto, for the mere Purpose of compelling or authorising the said Corporations to suffer any Transfer

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 5. 79

of Stock standing in their Books respectively to be made, which Justice may require Be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be Court of lawful for His Majesty's Courts of Chancery and Exchequer in Chancery or Ireland, before or upon hearing any Cause depending therein respectively, to order the Governor and Company of the Bank of Transfer* to be Ireland to suffer a Transfer of any Stock standing in their Books, made of Stock, whether the same be any Government Stock, or the Stock of the *Mue Iojunc-said Bank of Ireland, to be made, or to pay any accrued or t, 0"sULre" accruing Dividends thereon, belonging to or standing in the fe\clwith-Name or Names of any Party to a Suit, as such Courts may deem out making just; or to issue an Injunction to restrain them from suffering any the Bank of Transfer of such Stock, or from paying any Dividends or Interest Ireland a Party, accruing or accrued thereon, although such Governor and Com- ?n pany are not or shall not be Parties to the Suit in which such certificate from Decree or Order shall be made, such Courts being satisfied by the the Bank that Certificate of the Accountant of the said Corporation duly signed such Stock by him, as hereinafter is directed, that the Stock required to be sUnd* in their transferred is standing in their Books, in the Name of the Persons Boolcs* or Person required to transfer the same, or of the Persons or Person to whom they or he are or is the legal Representative, and that after due Service of a short Order upon the said Governor and Company or their proper Officer, which shall contain no Recital of the Pleadings, or other Matter than the Title of the Cause, and the ordering Part of such Decree or Order with respect to the said Governor and Company, like Process shall issue to enforce such Order or Decree as to enforce them against any Party to a Suit depending in such Court.

II. And for the better enabling any Party to a Suit to obtain Obtaining and produce such Certificate in Court, be it enacted, That upon Certificate. Reouest in Writing, signed by the Clerk in Court, and the Solicitor, if the same shall be in the Court of Chancery, and if the same shall be in the Court of Exchequer, then by the Attorney concerned in the Cause for the Party applying, which shall state the Cause and for what Parties they are concerned, the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the said Clerk in Court and Solicitor, or one of them, or to such Attorney (as the Case may be) a Certificate signed by Contents of their Accountant, stating the Amount of such Stock or Dividends, such Certificate, and in whose Names or Name such Stock is standing in their Books, and if it be particularly required (but not otherwise) , and if the same shall be practicable, also stating the Time when such Stock, or any Part thereof, was transferred, and by whom, for the signing of which Request in Writing there shall be paid to such Clerk in Court a Fee of Six Shillings and Eight Pence, and Feet, no more; and to such Solicitor for the drawing, copying and delivering at the Bank, and to such Attorney altogether a Fee of Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence, and no more; and to the Officer for making and delivering such Certificate a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more: Provided nevertheless, that Proviso for nothing herein contained shall extend to any Case where any Case* where further Discovery is wanted than what is hereinbefore expressly ?*nk clfti, n8 an

mentioned, In'er8" *

C. 5, 6.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 182a

further Discovery is wanted.

Proceedings against Bank, &c. in Suits now depending, where the Bank has no Lien on the Stock, to be stopped.

Provisions extended to Canal Companies having Stock.

55 0.3. c. 147.

16.

mentioned, nor to any Case where the said Governor and Company claim any Interest in or Lien upon the said Fund, but that in such Cases it shall be necessary to make them a Party to such Suit as if this Act had never been made; and that if any special Matter shall arise which, in the Opinion of the said Governor and Company, shall affect their Interests, or which might be objected against suffering such Transfer of Stock or Payment of Dividends, it shall be lawful for them to state such Matter to the Court by Motion or Petition in such Suit, and that Execution of Process to compel such Transfer or Payment shall be suspended until final Order shall be made thereon.

III. And be it further enacted, That in all Suits now depending in which the said Governor and Company may have put in their Answer, not clahning any Interest in or Lien upon the Stock required to be transferred, no further Proceeding shall be had against them as a Party to such Suits, but that the Bill shall stand dismissed as against them in such Suits; and that in all such Suits an Order may be made upon Motion or Petition, as of Course, for the taxing of their Costs already incurred, and for immediate Payment thereof by the Plaintiffs in any such Suits, or any of them; subject however to any further Order as between the other Parties to such Suits respecting the final Payment of such Costs, as by the Court in which any such Suit may be depending shall be deemed just.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the several Regulations and Provisions hereinbefore enacted shall extend mutatis mutandis to every Case where any Canal Company have or shall have any Stock standing in the Books of such respective Corporations, which may now be or hereafter may become the Subject of any Suit in Equity or* incidental thereto; saving to the said Corporations respectively the like Right of being made a Party, or applying by Motion or Petition, in such Suits, as is before reserved or given to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland.

CAP. VI.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the Fifty fifth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, for enabling Spiritual Persons to exchange their Parsonage Houses or Glebe Lands, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[6th Jtme 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for enabling Spiritual Persons to exchange the Parsonage or Glebe Houses or Glebe Lands belonging to their Benefices for others of greater Value, or more conveniently situated for their Residence and Occupation; and for annexing such Houses and Lands so taken in Exchange to such Benefices as Parsonage or Glebe Houses and Glebe Lands, and for purchasing and annexing Lands to become Glebe in certain Cases, and for other Purposes: And Whereas it is by the said recited Act enacted, that the Bishop shall, in Cases of Exchange and Purchase under the said Act, issue a Commission of Inquiry for the Purposes therein mentioned, to be directed to such Persons

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 6j 7.

.81

as are therein described, and of whom One shall be a Barrister of Three Years standing at the least, to be named by the Senior Judge of Nisi Prius for the County in which the Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry whereto it shall be proposed to annex any Buildings or Land by Exchange or Purchase under the said Act shall be situate; but inasmuch as the Nomination of such Barrister by a Judge of Nisi Prius

is not applicable to the County of Middlesex; Be it therefore Barrister* enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with named m Com-the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ExSajngw^&a and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the i, Middlesex, Authority of the same, That where any Exchange or Purchase named by shall be made or be proposed to be made under the Authority of Chief Justice the said Act in any Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial f *£B* Chapelry, situate within the said County of Middlesex, such Barrister shall be named by the Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench for the time being, or by the Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas at Westminster for the time being.

II. And Whereas it is by the said recited Act enacted, that so much of the Forms contained in the Schedules of the said therein recited Acts of the Seventeenth and Twenty first Years of His then (and now late) Majesty King George the Third, as were applicable to the Provisions of that Act, should, with such Variations thereof as should render them so applicable, be used and applied to the Purposes of that Act; but inasmuch as the said Forms contained in the said Schedules are not adapted to the Provisions of the said first recited Act, and the Endeavours so to apply the said Forms have been attended with Inconvenience; Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority afore- 55 G.s. c. 147. said, That so much of the said first recited Act as directs that the § 2°- mipmlwd. Forms contained in the Schedules of the said Acts of the Seventeenth and Twenty first Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty should be used and applied to the Purposes of the said first recited Act, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

CAP. VII.

An Act to repeal so much of several Acts as requires Bonds to be given to His Majesty in certain Cases, and the taking of certain Oaths in Matters relating to the Revenue of Customs, and to prevent Fees being offered or given to Officers and other Persons in the Service of the Customs.

[22d June 1820.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign SO. 3. c. 57.

of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for laying certain Duties upon Gum Senega and Gum Arabic imported into or exported from Great Britain, and for confining the Exportation of Gum Senega from Africa to Great Britain only, it is enacted, that no Gum Senega shall be exported from § 4.

any Port or Place upon the Coast of Africa unto any other Place, unless to Great Britain only, under the like Securities as are particularly mentioned in an Act made in the Twelfth Year 12 C. 2. c.is.

of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for 1 Geo.IV. G 4 the

82

C. 7.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

26 G. 3. c. 4a

§ti5.

32 G.3. c. 5a

§9.

50 G. 3. c. 4.

§ 2.

48 G.3. c. 44.

1.

+the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, and also in an Act made in the Twenty second Year of His said Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act to prevent the Planting of Tobacco in England, and regulating the Plantation Trade, or either of them, with respect to the Goods in those Acts particularly enumerated: And Whereas by another Act, passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Production of Manifests; and for more effectually preventing fraudulent Practices in obtaining Bounties and Drawbacks; and in the clandestine relanding of Goods, it is enacted, that it shall not be lawful for any Officers of His Majesty's Customs in Great Britain to permit any Ship or Vessel to be cleared out for Foreign Parts from any Port in Great Britain, until the Master and Mate of such Ship or Vessel have respectively given Security to His Majesty by Bond in the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with certain Conditions therein specified: And Whereas by another Act, passed in the Thirty second Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Relief of the Coast Trade of Great Britain; for exempting certain Coast Documents from Stamp Duties; for abolishing the Bond usually called The Isle of Man Bond; and for permitting Corn and Grain brought Coastwise to Be transhipped into Lighters, for the Purpose of being carried through the Canal from the Forth to the Clyde, it is enacted, that it shall not be lawful for any Officers of His Majesty's Customs in Great Britain to permit any Ship or Vessel to be cleared out Coastwise, from any Port or Place whatever in Great Britain, until the Master, or other Person taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall give Security to His Majesty by Bond, in the Sum of One hundred Pounds, with certain Conditions therein specified: And Whereas by another Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for taking off the Duties upon unwrought Tin exported to any of the Countries beyond the Cape of Good Hope, it is enacted, that the Exporter of such Tin shall, with One or more sufficient Person or Persons, to be approved by the Collector or Comptroller of the Customs at the Port where such Tin shall be entered for Exportation, give Security by Bond in the Penalty of Double the Value of such Tin (which Security the said Collector or Comptroller is thereby authorised and required to take) , in the Name and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with Condition that the same shall be landed in some Port or Place in the Countries beyond the Cape of Good Hope: And Whereas by another Act, passed in the Forty eighth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to prevent the Exportation of Wool to Ireland, before Bond given for the due Landing thereof it is enacted, that no Wool,

Wooltels, Mortlings, Shortlings, Combed Wool, Wool Flocks or Woollen Bay Yarn, Worsted Yam, Cruels or Wool slightly manufactured, which are by Law prohibited from being exported, shall be put on board any Ship, Vessel or Boat to be exported to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, unlefes a Bond be first entered into to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Treble the Value of the Goods so

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 7. 89

intended to be exported, that the same shall (the Danger of the Seaa and Enemies excepted) be landed accordingly: And Whereas by another Act, passed in the Forty third Year of His 45 G. 5. c. 56. 4 said late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for regulating the Vessels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom to His Majesty's Plantations and Settlements Abroad, or to Foreign

Parts, with respect to the Number of such Passengers, it is §10.

enacted, that no Clearance or Sufferance shall be granted to any Ship or Vessel bound to any Port or Place in North America with Passengers, unless the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command thereof, and also the Surgeon thereof, where a Surgeon is by that Act required, shall have given Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with Condition that such Master or other Person having such Charge or Command as aforesaid, and such Surgeon, where a Surgeon is required, shall severally keep a regular and true Journal of the several Particulars therein specified: And Whereas by another Act, passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His said late Ma- 56 G.5. c. 85. jesty, intituled An Act for regulating the carrying of Passengers to and from the Island of Newfoundland and Coast of Labrador, it is enacted, that before the sailing of any Ship or Vessel from § 1.

any Port or Place in the United Kingdom to Newfoundland, or the Coast of Labrador, with Passengers, the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of every such Ship or Vessel, and the Owner or Owners thereof, shall enter into Security by Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successore, in the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds, with Condition that there shall not be taken on board any such Ship or Vessel any more such Passengers than are thereinafter permitted and allowed: And Whereas by another Act, passed in the Fifty se- 57 G. 3. c. 10. 4 venth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to regulate the Vessels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdorm to certain of His Majesty's Colonies in North America, it ifc § 2.

enacted, that no Ship or Vessel shall sail with Passengers from any Port or Place in the United Kingdom to any Port or Place in Upper or Lower Canada, Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Cape Breton or Prince Edwards Island, unless the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of every such Ship or Vessel, and the Owner or Owners thereof, shall enter into Security by Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, ih the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds, with Condition that there shall not be taken on board any such Ship or Vessel any more such Passengers than are thereinafter permitted and allowed,

and that every Passenger, if alive, shall be landed at the Port or Place to which such Passenger shall have contracted to be conveyed: And Whereas it is inexpedient any longer to require the aforesaid Securities or Bonds; Be it therefore enacted by The So much of King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and recited Act* as Consent, of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the herein same. That so much of the said recited Acts as require the Se- Mentioned, curities or Bonds before mentioned, shall be and the same are repealed, hereby repealed and made void to all Intents and Purposes what-

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

84

6 G. 3. c. 40.

56.

41 G. 3. c/21. (U.K.)

50G.5. c. 64.

§ *

So much of re. eked Acts as

C. 7.

+II. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for (amongst other things) amending such Parts of Two Acts made in the last Session of Parliament as relate to certain East India Goods and Bugles exported to Africa; it is enacted, that in every Case where the Owner or Proprietor of any Wrought Silks, Bengals; and Stuffe mixed with Silk or Herba of the Manufacture of Persia, China or East India, or Calicoes painted, dyed, printed or stained there, or any Bugles, which shall have been warehoused according to Law, shall desire to remove the same from one Port of Great Britain to any other Port within the same Kingdom, in order to be from thence exported to Africa, the Warehouse Keeper or other proper Officer of the Customs shall pack up and secure such Goods under his or their Seal or Seals of Office, and before the same shall be taken out of the Warehouse or Warehouses in which they shall have been deposited, one Bond shall be entered into with sufficient Security to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Double the Value of such Goods, that the same and every Part thereof shall be well and truly delivered without Alteration into the Custody and Possession of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs for the time being, at some other Port in this Kingdom, to be named and expressed in such Bond: And Whereas by another Act, passed in the Forty first Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for permitting East India Goods prohibited to be used or worn in Great Britain, and warehoused in pursuance of an Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to he removed by Land Carriage to certain Ports for the

Purpose of being exported to the British Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies; it is enacted, that whenever East India Goods prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain shall be intended to be exported to any British Colony or Plantation in the West Indies, the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs may grant Permission for such Removal by Land Carriage to the Ports of Liverpool, Lancaster and Bristol, for the Purpose of being exported from thence respectively to the said British Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, under such Securities as are now by Law required for certain East India prohibited Goods when removed from one Port of Great Britain to another, to be from thence exported to Africa: And Whereas by another Act, passed in the Fiftieth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to permit the Removal of Goods, Wares and Merchandise from the Port in Great Britain where first warehoused, to any other warehousing Port, for the Purpose of Exportation; Bond is required on the Removal of Goods, Wares and Merchandise from Ports wherein they have been secured in Warehouses according to Law, to other Ports for the Purpose of being exported, with Condition that the same and every

Part thereof shall be delivered without Alteration or Diminution into the Custody and Possession of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port of Great Britain to which the same is intended to be conveyed: And Whereas it is expedient to make other Provision in respect of such Goods removed under the Authority of the said recited Acts respectively Be it therefore

A.D. 1820v GEO. IV; C#7% 85

enacted, That so much of the said recited Acta as require the requires Bonds. Securities or Bonds before mentioned, shall be and the same are 10 be given hereby repealed and made void to all Intents and Purposes what repeale<1* soever.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case Goods removed any Goods, removed under the Authority of the said recited Acts "nder *"* respectively, shall not be well and truly delivered, without ]iv^d°wiUiout Alteration or Diminution, into the Custody and Possession of the Diminution to Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port of that Part Collectorwithin of the United Kingdom called Great Britain to which the same Three Months, are intended to be conveyed, within Three Months from the Time of such Removal, the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs; and the Owner, Proprietor or other Person at whose Instance the same shall be removed, or to whose Hands the same or any Part thereof shall knowingly come, and every Person who shall knowingly har<* hour, keep or conceal, or who shall knowingly permit or suffer the same to be harboured, kept or concealed, shall forfeit Treble the Value thereof; which Forfeitures shall and may be recovered by Penalty.

Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or Exchequer in Scotland respectively; One Moiety whereof shall be to His Majesty, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform or sue for the same.

IV. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Twenty ninth Year 29 G. c. 15^. 4 of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled

An Act for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking of the Duties on the Importation of Foreign ravo Linen Yams made of Flax; it is pro* § 8.

vided and enacted, that no Linen of the Manufacture of Ireland to be exported from Great Britain shall be entitled to the Bountys unless such Linen shall be at the Time of such Exportation the Property of a Person or Persons residing in Great Britain, or im some of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, of which the Exporter or Seller for Exportation of such Irish Linen is required to make Oath before the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs of the Port where such Irish Linen shall be entered for Exportation, which Oath such Officer or Officers is or are empowered to administer: And Whereas by another Act, passed in the Twenty seventh Year of His late Majesty's Reign, intituled G. 3. 13.

An Act for repealing the severed Duties of Customs and Excise*,

and granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties together with the other Duties composing the Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandise, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer

for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the

National Debt; it is provided, that in order to obtain the Draw* §3.

back of the Duties of Customs paid upon the Importation of Foreign Goods, Wares and Merchandise, on the Exportation thereof to Foreign Parts, Proof is first to be made by Certificate from the proper Officers of the Customs of the due Entry and Payment of the Duties inwards, and by the Oath or Affirmation of the Merchants importing and exporting the same: And Whereas

86

33 G. 3. c. 63.

5.

47 G. 3. scss. 1. C. 22.

58 G. 3. c. 54.

§4.

50 much of recited Acts as requires tho taking of Oaths repealed.

51 G. 3. c. 71.

10.

C. 7. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

by another Act, passed in the Thirty third Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to permit Goods and Commodities of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of Asia, Africa or America, legally imported into Ireland, to be imported from thence into Great Britain, it is enacted, that the Master, or other Person taking Charge of any Ship or Vessel importing such Goods from Ireland, shall, on his Arrival in Great Britain, make Oath before the Collector, Comptroller or other Chief Officer, (who are required to administer the same,) that the Casks, Parcels and Goods mentioned in the Documents and Certificates required by that Act to be produced to the said Collector, Comptroller or other Chief Officer, are the same Casks, Parcels and Goods as were taken on board such Ship or Vessel in Ireland: And Whereas by another Act, passed in the Forty seventh Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to allow for Two Years from and after the parsing of this Act, an additional Bounty on Double Refined Sugar, and to extend former Bounties on other Refined Sugar, to such as shall be pounded, crushed or broken; and to allow for One Year certain Bounties on British Plantation Raw Sugar exported; certain Oaths are thereby required to be made oy the Exporter and Refiner of Double Refined Sugar, in order to obtain die Bounty thereon allowable by Law 2 And Whereas by another Act, passed in the Fifty eighth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal the several Bounties on the Exportation of Refined Sugar from any Part of the United Kingdom, and to allow other Bounties in lieu thereof until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and for reducing the Size of the Packages in which Refined Sugar may be exported; it is enacted, that before any Bounty granted and allowed by that Act shall be paid, or any Debenture made out for the same, certain Oaths are required to be made by the Refiner or Refiners ', Exporter or Exporters of such Sugar as therein specified: And Whereas it is found not to be expedient to require the said Oaths any longer Be it therefore enacted, That the said recited Acts, so far as regards the taking the Oaths severally required thereby, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

V. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of His late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Abolition and Regulation of certain Offices in the Customs, it is, amongst other things, enacted, that no Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity or Reward, whether pecuniary or of any other Sort or Description whatever, shall be required, taken or received by any Officer, Clerk or other Person executing or performing or assisting in the Execution or Performance of any of the Duties, or acting in any of the Offices or Employments in or belonging to His Majestya Customs in the Port of London, for any Service, Act, Duty, Matter or Thing done or performed, or to be done or performed, by any or either of such Officers, Clerks or other Persons, on account of or relating to any such Office or Employment, except as thereinafter is provided: And Whereas the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland have, by virtue of a Power granted to them by the said Act, extended the Provisions thereof

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 7, 8.

1 to the Outporta of Great Britain, and to the Officers, Clerks and other Persons employed in the Service of the Customs therein 2 4 And Whereas it has been found that many evildisposed Persons 4 do, notwithstanding the Provisions of the said Act, offer and give Fees, Perquisites, Gratuities or Rewards to Officers, Clerks and other Persons employed in the Service of the Customs, who are by the aforerecited Act prohibited from receiving the same, 4 whereby the Provisions of the said Act have been very much defeated; Be it therefore enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the passing of this Act, give, offer or promise to give any Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity or Reward, whether pecuniary or of any other Sort or Description whatever, to any such Officer, Clerk or other Person, for any Service, Act, Duty, Matter or Thing done or performed, or to be done or performed, by any or either of such Officers, Clerks or other Persons, on account of or relating to any such Office or Employment, every such Person or Persons shall, for each and every such Offence (whether the same Offer or Promise be accepted or performed or not) , forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That such Forfeiture shall and may be prosecuted and sued for in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh; One Moiety to be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of such Person or Persons who shall prosecute or sue for the same.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to allow a Drawback on Goods, Wares and Mer-r chandise imported into any British Colony or Plantation in America, on the Exportation thereof to any Foreign Country to which they may be legally exported.

[22d June 1820.]

WHEREAS by the Laws now in force, certain Duties are payable on the Importation of any Goods Wares or Merchandise into any British Colony or Plantation in America which now is or hereafter may be under the Dominion of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors: And Whereas it is expedient to allow 4 a Drawback of the said Duties in certain Cases Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That on the Re-exportation of any Goods, Wares or Merchandise to any Foreign Country, which by LaW' may be exported to any such Foreign Country, a Drawback of the Whole of the Duties which had been paid on the Exportation shall be allowed and paid to the Exporter or Exporters of such Goods, Wares and Merchandise.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That previous to any Drawback being paid or allowed, Proof shall be made on Oath that the Goods, Wares or Merchandise so exported are the same for which the said Duties have been paid, and a Certificate produced from the British Consul or Vice Consul at the Port t6, G 4 which

Giving or offer, ing Fees to Officers, &c.

Penalty 500L

How Penalty prosecuted and applied.

On Re-exportation of Goods, Drawback of the Duty paid on Exportation allowed;

Proof being made on Oath that such Duty? had beenpakU 1

hi

* ! I' *

Officer may open and examine Packages.

If found less in Quantity or Value than expressed in Entry, Goods and Drawback forfeited.

In what Cases no Drawback allowed.

Vessels built at

Malta, Gibraltar and Heligoland to be

C. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 'l82dr

which 8U ch Goods were entered for Exportation, that the B&m4 have been duly landed at such Port.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Searcher or other proper Officer of the Customs, after the Entry of any of the said Goods, Wares or Merchandise, and before or after the shipping thereof, to open and strictly examine any Bale, Truss, Chest or other Package, to see if the Goods, Wares or Merchandise are right entered; and if on such Examination the same shall be found to be right entered, the Searcher or other proper Officer shall, at his own Charge, cause the same to be repacked (which Charge shall be allowed to the said Officer by the Commissioners of the Customs, if they think it reasonable); but in case the Officer shall on Examination find such Goods, Wares or Merchandise to be less in Quantity or Value than is expressed in the Exporter's Indorsement upon his Entry, or that shall be entered under a wrong Denomination, whereby His Majesty would have been defrauded, all such Goods may be seized, and the same shall be forfeited and lost, and the Owner or MercHknt shall lose the Benefit of receiving the Drawback for such Goods, Wares and Merchandise, and the Value thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Drawback shall be allowed unless the Goods, Wares and Merchandise shall be duly entered for Exportation with the proper Officer of the Customs, and actually shipped on board the Ship or Vessel in which they are intended to be exported, within the Space of Three Years from the Time they were originally imported (the Time of such Importation to be accounted from the Master's Report Inwards of his Ship) , and unless sufficient Proof be also first made, by Certificate from the proper Officers, of the due Entry and Payment of the Duties Inwards upon such Foreign Goods, Wares or Merchandise, and by the Oath or Affirmation of the Merchants importing and exporting the same, verifying and affirming the Truth thereof, and the Name of His Majesty's Searcher, testifying the shipping thereof to be exported, and unless such Drawback be duly claimed within Two Years after such Goods, Wares or Merchandise shall be shipped for Exportation.

CAP. IX.

An Act for granting the Privileges of British Ships to Vessels built at Malta, Gibraltar and Heligoland, and certain of those Privileges to Vessels built in the British Settlements at Honduras.

[22d June 1820.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that all the Privileges of British Ships should be granted to Vessels built at Malta, Gibraltar and Heligoland, and that certain of those Privileges should be granted to Vessels built in the British Settlements at Honduras: Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor, Lieutenant Governor or Commander in Chief at Malta, Gibraltar and Heligoland respectively.

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV;

6 *

C.fi.

spectivdy, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and re- registered, and

r* ed, on Application being made to them or either of them for Certificate ok-Purpose, to make Registry of any Ship or Vessel built in th^Re" those Places respectively, and to grant a Certificate of such Re- ^futian^of gistry, in the same Manner, and under the same Rules, Regu- %6 G. 3. c. 60. lations and Restrictions, as the Governor, Lieutenant Governor or Commander in Chief, residing in any Colony, Plantation, Island or Territory belonging to His Majesty in Asia, Africa or America, are by an Act of the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the further Increase of Shipping and Navigation, authorised to make Registry of the Ships and Vessels therein mentioned, and to grant Certificates of such Registry, although there may not be any principal Officer t>r Officers of the Customs residing in Malta, Gibraltar and Heligoland respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers and Autho- Certain Powers rities in relation to any Acts, Matters or Things, that may be done of recited Act by the Governor, Lieutenant Governor or Commander in Chief in extemi any such Colony, Plantation, Island or Territory under and in Gib-

pursuance of the said recited Act, shall and may be done and put ra]tar> m Execution, and shall extend to the Governor, Lieutenant Go- Heli^land, *emor and Commander in Chief at Malta, Gibraltar and Heli- and to Ships goland respectively; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or For- under

feiture for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach Act* of the said recited Act, and every other Clause, Matter and Thing' therein contained, as to the Registry of Ships and Vessels, shall^ so for as the same are applicable, extend, and be deemed, construed and taken to extend, to Ships and Vessels registered under and in pursuance of this Act, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Powers and Authorities,

Pains, Penalties, Fines, Forfeitures, Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things, were repeated and re-enacted in this Act, and were made Part thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, That any Ship or Vessel so Ships so regis-registered as aforesaid, being owned and navigated according to tered entitled to Law, shall be entitled to all the Privileges and Advantages of a Ship or Vessel in like manner as if registered in Great Britain, to n all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the proper Officer or Offi- Certificate* of cere, by whom Certificates of Registry shall nave been granted by virtue of and in pursuance of this Act, shall forthwith, or within ^*ionm of One Month at the farthest, transmit to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in London, a true and exact Copy of every Certificate of Registry, with die Number thereof which shall have been so granted.

V. And Whereas it is expedient to admit Vessels built in the British Settlements at Honduras, in the Province of Yucatan, to the Privileges of British Vessels, so far as regards the direct

Trade between those Settlements and the United Kingdom Be How far Vaa-

H therefore further enacted, That all Ships or Vessels built in the *els built at

said Settlements, and wholly owned by British Subjects, shall be entitled to the Privileges and Advantages of British Ships as far as

respects the direct Trade between Great Britain and the said Set- tisbvLsela.

dements: Provided always, that no such Ship or Vessel shall be pK)Tiaa

C. 9, 10. 1° GEO. IV; A.D. 1820.

entitled to the said Privileges and Advantages unless the same shall be navigated according to Law, and the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall, at the Time of his Arrival and reporting of his Ship or Vessel at any Port in Great Britain from the said Settlement *, produce and deliver to the Collector, or other proper Officer of the Customs at such Port, a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the Superintendent of the said Settlements, certifying that satisfactory Proof has been made before him that such Ship or Vessel was actually built in the said Settlements, and wholly owned by British Subjects.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every such Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, shall make Oath that the same is the identical Ship or Vessel for which such Certificate has been given and produced.

CAP. X.

An Act for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

[22d June 1820.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in the last Parliament assembled, did give and grant unto Your Majesty certain Sums towards the Supplies necessary for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty; and did resolve that, towards making good the said Supply granted to Your Majesty, the Sum of Seven Millions, remaining to be received on the Seventeenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twenty, to complete the Aids granted in the then last Session of Parliament for the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, should be applied to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty: And Whereas Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament, have resolved that, towards making good the Supply granted to Your Majesty, the Sum of Seven Millions remaining to be received on the Seventeenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twenty, to complete the Aids for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, should be applied to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twentyNow we, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in the present Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament The 7, oooo, ooooh assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Sum of remaining to Seven Millions remaining to be received on the Seventeenth Day be received on of February One thousand eight hundred and twenty, to complete

Certificate of Built to be produced.

Identity of Vessel on Oath.

A.D. 1820. l° OEO. IV.

9r

C. 10, 1I, 12.

the Supply granted to His Majesty for the Service of the Yeai* Feb. 17, isso. One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, shall and may be issued to complete the and applied, at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, towards SttpP1? making good the said Supply; and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and j^ied accord? Ireland, now or for the Time being, or any Three or more of ingly. them, or the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the Time being, are or is hereby authorised and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly; and all Issues which have been made at the said Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer of the same or any Part thereof, by or under the Direction of the said Commissioners, for and towards making good the said Supply, under any Warrant of His Majesty under His Royal Sign Manual, in pursuance of the said Votes of the Commons House of Parliament, shall be valid and effectual, and shall be and the same are hereby confirmed and sanctioned in the same Manner and as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been made after the passing ^nd in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act.

CAP. XI.

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, an Act of the Fifty seventh Year of His late Majesty, for regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from The Cape of Good Hope, and for regulating the Trade of the Island of Mauritius.

[22d June 1820.]

WHEREAS the Law hereinafter mentioned is near expiring and fit to be continued for a limited Period Be it there* fore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the Fifty seventh Year 57 g. 3. c.!. of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled further coo-An Act to continue and extend the Provisions of an Act of the tin«ed.

Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from The Cape of Good Hope, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty; and also for regulating the Trade of the Island of Mauritius, shall ba and the same is hereby further continued from the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five.

CAP. XII.

An Act to extend several Acts for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandise to Morant Bay9 in the Island of Jamaica.

[22d June 1820.]

WHEREAS it is provided, by an Act passed in the Forty 45 G. 3. c. 57.

W fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George I 1, 2. 4. 7. 9.

the Third, intituled An Act to consolidate and extend the several

Lcnos now in forte for allowing the Importation and Exportation

92

C. 12.

V GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

48 G.3. c. 125.

5*.

50 G. 3. c. 21.

58 G.3. c. 27.

It

of certain Goods and Merchandises into and from certain Ports in the West Indies, that certain Articles therein enumerated ' may be imported into the several Ports therein named from ' Foreign Colonies in the West Indies: And Whereas by one other Act, passed in the Forty eighth Year of His said late Majesty's

Reign, intituled An Act to permit the Importation of Rice, c Grain and Flour from any Foreign Colonies of the Continent of America into certain Ports in the West Indies, and to allow certain Articles to be imported from the United States <f America ' into the British Provinces in North America, for the Purpose of Exportation to the British Islands in the West Indies; it is enacted, that in addition to the Articles enumerated in the afore-

recited Act, passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, it shall be lawful to import under the like Authority, Restrictions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures provided in the said recited Act the Articles of Rice, Grain or all Sorts, and flour, from any Colonies or Plantations in America belonging to and under the Dominion of any Foreign European Sovereign or State, into any of the Free Ports in Colonies or Plantations belonging to His Majesty in the West Indies,

which are particularly enumerated in the said Act, or in another

Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, respecting the Port of Amsterdam in the Island of 1 Curapoa, in any Foreign Ship, Schooner or other Foreign Vessel whatsoever, not having more than One Deck, and being manned and navigated by Persons inhabiting any of the said Colonies or

Plantations belonging to any Foreign Sovereign or State: And Whereas by one other Act, passed in the Fiftieth Year of the 1 Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for amending,

and continuing so amended, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, an Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for consolidating and extending the several Laws in force for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandises into and from certain Ports in the West Indies, it is enacted, that until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, it

shall and may be lawful to import and export the Article* in the said Act mentioned at the Ports therein mentioned, under the Rules and Regulations of the said Act, in any Foreign Sloop *

1 Schooner or other Vessel as therein described, although such

Sloop, Schooner or Vessel shall have more than One Deck *

which by a subsequent Act was continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen *

and by one other subsequent Act was revived and made perpetual: And Whereas by one other Act, passed in the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to permit the Importation of certain Articles into His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, or on the Continent of South America; and also certain Articles into certain Ports tn the West Indies; it is enacted, that it shall and may be lawful to import Peas and Beans, being the Growth or Production of any of the Colonies or Possessions in the West Indies, or on the Continent of America, belonging to or under the Dominion of any Foreign European Sovereign or State* into any of the Porta

ajd. 182a

1° GEO. IV. C. 12, 13.

in His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies,

enumerated in the aforesaid Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, and the several other Acts recited in the said Act passed in the Fifty eighth Year of the ' Reign of His said late Majesty: And Whereas it is expedient ' to permit the like Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into and from the Port of Morant Bay, in the Island of Jamaica:* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Such Goods as Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the A

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par- sported from liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from the Pom men-and after the passing of this Act, such Goods and Commodities tioned in as, by the afore-recited Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the 45 c. 57.

Reign of His said late Majesty, may be imported into and exported from the Ports therein mentioned, and also Rice, Grain of p^aTmto and all Sorts, and Flour, and also Peas and Beans, may be also im* exported from ported into and exported from the Port of Morant Bay, in the the Port of Island of Jamaica, from and to any Colonies and Plantations in Morant Bay, America belonging to and under the Dominion of any Foreign from2nd to European Sovereign or State, in the like Ships and Vessels, and oflonie^in11 under such Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Conditions, and America, &c. subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures for Breach thereof, as are contained, described and provided in the said Acts, and in the aforesaid recited Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign,

CAP. XIII.

An Act for funding Exchequer Bills to a certain Amount, and for raising a Sum of Money by way of Annuities, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

[22d June 1820.]

PERSONS subscribing to the funding of 7,000,000l. of Exchequer Bills, depositing 20 per Cent. entitled to 991. of th£ 44 5 per Cents. for every 1001, so subscribed. § 1. Future Instal ments to be made; 20 per Cent. 28th July 1820, 20 per Cent. 44 28th September 1821, 20 per Cent. 24th November 1820, and 44 20 per Cent. 26th January 1820; no Exchequer Bills to be " deposited under this Act which have been advertised to be paid off, and the Interest thereof shall have previously ceased. § 2. " Guardians or Trustees may subscribe for Infants. § 3. Subscribers to be allowed Interest on Exchequer Bills deposited. 44 § 4. Subscribers may pay in Money instead of Exchequer Bills, 44 on paying 20s. per Cent. on the Money paid. § 5. Interest to be paid where Payments are made or Exchequer Bills depo sited in advance. § 6. Subscribers, on depositing Exchequer Bills, or paying Money in lieu thereof, to be entitled to An< nuities, payable half-yearly^ § 7. As soon as Subscriptions are completed they may be transferred. § 8. Subscribers depositing the Whole of their Subscription by the Times herein specified " to be entitled to Annuities from certain Periods. §9. An-M nuities payable and transferable at the Bank. § 10. Money to pc issued out of the Consolidated Fund for Payment of Annuities.

C. 13, 14. lc GEO. IV, A.D. 1820.

9 *

nuities. §11. Annuities charged on Consolidated Fund. §12.

Bank to appoint a Cashier and an Accountant General; and Treasury to order Money to be issued to Cashier for Payment of Annuities. § 13. Cashier to give Receipt for Subscriptions, which may be assigned before Nov. 24th 1820; and to give Security for paying the Money he receives into the Exchequer.

14. Exchequer Bills deposited to be delivered to the Pay master of Exchequer Bills to be cancelled, f 15. Books kept " at the Bank, in which Subscribers Names to be entered. Dupli cate of Books delivered to Auditor of the Exchequer. § 16.

Subscribers duly paying their Subscriptions entitled to Annui ties Tax free. Subscriptions paid in part and not completed forfeited. § 17. Treasury may apply the Money paid into Exchequer. § 18. Accountant General to keep Books for enter ing Transfers. Stock may be devised. Transfers not liable to " Stamp Duty. § 19. Incident Charges to be discharged. § 20.

Allowance for Expense of Management to be retained by the " Bank. § 21. Annuities under this Act added to Joint Stock of 44 5 per Cents., established by 24th, 25th, 34th, 35th, 36th, 37th, 48th, 49th, 50th, 51st, 52d, and 55th G. 3. § 22. Counter feiting Receipts, &c. Felony. § 23. Bank to continue a Corporation till the Annuities hereby granted cease. § 24. No Fee 44 to be taken for receiving or paying Subscriptions, or paying or 54 transferring Annuities; Penalty 201. § 25. Persons sued may plead the General Issue. Treble Costs. § 26. Act may be altered, &c. this Session. § 27.

CAP. XIV.

An Act to repeal the Drawback on certain Gold Articles exported; and to permit the Exportation of Cordage, entitled to Bounty, free from Right of Preemption by the Commissioners of the Navy.

[22d June 1820.]

WHEREAS by the Laws now in force a Drawback or Allowance is paid on the Exportation to Foreign Parts of Plate of Gold wrought or manufactured in Great Britain, on Security being given that the same shall not be relanded in Great Britain, and on Debenture given by the Customer or 1 Collector of the Port of Exportation: And Whereas it is no longer deemed expedient to grant any Allowance or Drawback on the Exportation of Gold Rings wrought or manufactured

No rawbwik Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, of SETgoI w*ti* the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

made in G.°B, Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, into Rings; and by the Authority of the same, That no Drawback or Allowance shall be paid, nor any Debenture given, on the Exportation to Foreign Parts of any Plate of Gold wrought or manufactured in Great Britain into Rings; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding, nor <m any 4 U. And Whereas it is no longer necessary or proper that any

1 raw^>ac^ should be allowed on the Exportation of Gold Ar-in*GU Boniest tick wrought or manufactured in Great Britain, unless the same it exceeds the ' should exceed a certain Weight; Be it therefore enacted, That

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 14, 15. 95

no Drawback or Allowance shall be paid, or any Debenture given, Weight of Two after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and Ounces, twenty, on the Exportation to Foreign Parts of any Articles of Gold wrought or manufactured in Great Britain unless the same shall exceed the Weight of Two Ounces.

III. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year 54 G. 3. c. 185.

of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, inti- $ 4.

tuled An Act to allow a Bounty on the Exportation from Great Britain British made Cordage, it is among other Things enacted, that no Entry shall be permitted to pass for the Ex- nortation of any such Cordage, and that the Vessel having on board such Cordage shall not be permitted to go out of Port,

unless a Certificate shall be produced, under the Hands of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, or any Three or more of them, signuying that such Cordage hath been tendered to them for the Use of His Majesty's Dock Yards at the fair and then Market Price of such Cordage in London, and that the same hath been refused by that Board; and that if any Person or Persons shall pass an Entry for such Cordage without having such Certificate produced to him or them, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds: And

Whereas it appears no longer necessary to provide a Supply of Cordage for the Public Use by such Restraint on Exportation

Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this reP*ald.

Act, so much of the said recited Act as relates to such Tender and Refusal of Preemption, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

CAP. XV.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, an Act of the Twenty eighth Year of His late Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufacture of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain.

[22d June 1820.]

WHEREAS the Law hereinafter mentioned has by Experience been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient that the same should be further continued:* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords "Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the Twenty third S3 G. 3. c. 77. Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, con *

intituled An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the Unued' Manufacture of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain, which was to continue in force for Two Years from the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which said Act was by several subsequent Acts revived, amended and further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, shall be and the same is hereby further continued from the said Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, until the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

96

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820. C. 16, 17, 18.

CAP. XVI.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, an Act of the Fifty ninth Year of His late Majesty, to continue certain Laws of Excise with regard to Crown Glass and Flint and Phial Glass, and to alter certain Laws with regard to Flint Glass.

[22d June 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third *

intituled An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, certain Laws of Excise wtth i regard to Crown Glass and Flint and Phial Glassy and to alter certain Laws with regard to Flint Glass: And Whereas it is ex *

further con- pedient that the said Act should be further continued Be it tinned* therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be and the same is hereby continued from the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, until the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one *

CAP. XVII.

An Act for raising the Sum of Five Millions by way of Annuities.

[22d June 1820.]

[This Act is similar to former Acts, except in the Omission of the Clause for altering or repealing in the present Session.]

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, an Act of the Fifty eighth Year of His late Majesty, for preventing Aliens from becoming naturalised, or being made or becoming Denizens, except in certain Cases.

[22d June 1820.]

58 G. 3. c. 97.

ms continued by 59 G. 3. c. 8. mnd 60 G.9. & 1 G.4. c. 12.

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to prevent Aliens, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, from becoming naturalised, or being made or becoming Denizens, except in certain Cases: And Whereas the said Act has, by Two other Acts made in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, and the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, been continued until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty: And Whereas it is expedient that the said recited Act, and the Provisions therein Contained, should be continued for a further Period:' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV.

97

C. 18, 19.

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said first recited Act, and the Provisions therein contained, shall be and the same is and are hereby further continued in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty two; and that until the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, no Alien shall become a naturalised Subject, or be made or become a Denizen, or become entitled to the Privileges of a naturalised Subject or Denizen, contrary to the Provisions of the said recited Act,

II. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act and this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[22d June 1820.]

[This Act is the same and all the Schedules are also the same as 59 Geo. 3. c. 9. except as to Dates, Number of Forces, , fyc. c. and the Sections that are here inserted.]

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Trials by General Courts Martial to be held by virtue of this Act, every Member assisting at such Trial, before any Proceedings be had thereupon, shall take the following Oaths upon the Holy Evangelists, before the Judge Advocate or his Deputy, (who are hereby authorised to administer the same); that is to say,

VOU shall well and truly try and determine according to your Evidence in the Matter now before you.

So help you GOD. '

I do swear, That I will duly administer Justice, according to the Rules and Articles for the better Government of His Majesty's Forces, and according to an Act of Parliament

now in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and other Crimes therein mentioned, without Partiality, Favour or Affection; and if any Doubt shall arise, which is not explained by the said Articles or Act of Parliament, according to my Conscience, the best of my Understanding and the Custom of War in the like Cases: And 1 further swear, That I will not divulge the Sentence of the Court until it shall be approved by His Majesty, or by some Person duly authorised by Him; 4 neither will I, upon any account, at any Time whatsoever disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court Martial, unless required to give Evidence.

thereof as a Witness, by a Court of Justice or a Court Martial, in a due Course of Law. So help me GOD. '

And so soon as the saicf Oaths shall have been administered to the respective Members, the President of the Court is hereby authorised and required to administer to the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, an Oath in the following Words:

further continued.

Act may he altered. See. this Session.

Officers to be sworn. 4

Oaths to be taken by all Members of a General Court Martial.

The Judge Advocate to be sworn.

98

C. 19.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Th« Oath.

In Sentences of Death, what Number of Officers shall concur, See.

Hours of Trial.

Witnesses attending Courts Martial to be privileged from Arrest.

Witnesses not attending liable to be attached.

I do swear, That I will not upon any account, at any Time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court Martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness, by a Court of Justice or a Court Martial, in a due Course of Law.

So help me GOD.

And no Sentence of Death shall be given against any Offender in such Case by any General Court Martial, unless Nine Officers present shall concur therein, (except such General Court Martial shall be holden in any Place beyond the Seas out of His Majesty's Dominions, or out of any of the Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or in His Majesty's Colony of the Bermuda Isles, or in Africa, or in New South Wales as aforesaid); and in all Cases where a Court Martial shall consist of more Officers than Thirteen, and also in any Place beyond the Seas out of His Majesty's Dominions, or out of any of the Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or in the said Colony of the Bermuda Isles, or in Africa and in Areu> South Wales as aforesaid, when the same shall consist of a lesser Number of Officers, then such Judgment shall pass by the Concurrence of Two Thirds at the least of the Officers present; and, no Proceeding or Trial shall be had upon any Offence but between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon, except in Cases which require an immediate Example: Provided also, that all Witnesses duly summoned by the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, shall, during their necessary Attendance in such Courts, and in goin^ to and returning from the same, be privileged from Arrest in like Manner as Witnesses attending any of His Majesty's Courts of Law are privileged; and that if any such Witness shall be unduly arrested, he shall be discharged from such Arrest by the Court out of which the Writ or Process issued by which such .Witness was arrested; or if the Court out of which the Writ or Process issued be not sitting, then by any Judge of the Court of King's Bench in London or in Dublin, or Court of Sessions in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or elsewhere, according as the Case shall require, upon its being made appear to such Court or Judge, by Affidavit in a summary Way, that such Witness was arrested in going to or returning from or attending upon such Court Martial; and that all Witnesses so duly summoned as aforesaid, who shall not attend on such Courts, shall be liable to be attached in the Court of King's Bench in London or Dublin or Court of Session or Sheriffs Depute or Stewards Depute, or their respective Substitutes, within their several Shires and Stewartries, in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or in any of His Majesty's Colonies, Garrisons or Dominions in Europe or elsewhere respectively, upon Complaint made to the said Courts of King's Hench or Court of Session in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the JEast or West Indies, or elsewhere respectively, in like manner as if such Witness had neglected to attend on a Trial in any Criminal Proceeding in that Court.

1° GEO. IV. C. 19. 99

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Proceeding *, Judge Advocate, or Person officiating as such at any General Court Martial, do and he is hereby required to transmit, with as transmitted to much Expedition as the Opportunity of Time and Distance of the Judge Ad-Place can admit, the original Proceedings and Sentence of such vocste General-Court Martial to the Judge Advocate General in London; and the said original Proceedings and Sentences are to be carefully kept and preserved in the Office of the said Judge Advocate General, to the end that the Persons entitled thereto may be enabled, upon Application to such Office, to obtain Copies thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XLIX. And Whereas by an Act passed in Ireland in the Regulation* for Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act to quartering Solprevent the Disorders that may happen by the marching of Soldiers "*er, in and providing Carriages for the Baggage of Soldiers on their March, it was amongst other Things enacted and declared, that no Officer, Soldier or Trooper in the Army, nor the Servant of any Officer, nor any Attendant on the Train of Artillery, nor any Yeoman of the Guard of Battle Axes, nor any Officer commanding the said Yeomen, nor any Servant of any such Officer, should at any Time thereafter have, receive or be allowed any Quarters in any Part of Ireland, save only during such Time as he or they should be and remain in some Sea Port Town in order to be transported, or during such Time as there should be any Commotion in any Part of Ireland, by reason of which Emergency the Army or any considerable Part thereof should be commanded to march from any Part of Ireland to another, or during such Time or Times as he or they should be on their March as aforesaid: And Whereas the Barracks of Ireland are not at present sufficient to lodge all the Forces upon its Military Establishment: And Whereas it may be necessary to station Part of the Troops in Places where there are not Barracks, or not sufficient Barracks to hold them Be it enacted, and it is hereby declared and agreed, That it shall and may be lawful, notwithstanding the said recited Act, to and for the Constables and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages and other Places in Ireland, and in their Default or Absence for any one Justice of the Peace inhabiting in or near such City, Town, Village or Place; and for no others, and such Constables and other Chief Magistrates as aforesaid, or in their Default such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, are hereby required to quarter and billet the Officers and Soldiers in His Majesty's Service in Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses and the Houses of Sellers of Wine by Retail to be dran'; in their own Houses or Places thereunto belonging, and all Houses of Persons selling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cider or MefchegUn by Retajl; and where there shall not be found sufficient Room in such Houses, then in such Manner as has been heretofore customary, taking Care not to billet less than Two Men in any One House, except only in case of billetting Horse or Dragoons in manner hereinafter mentioned; nor shall any Billets at any Time be ordered for more than the Number of effective Soldiers presept to be quartered; all which Billets, when made out by such Chief Magistrates or Constables, or Justice of the Peace, as the Case may

100

C. 19.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Officer compel ling

cashiered and disabled.

be, shall be delivered into the Hands of the Staff Officer employed or of the Commanding Officer present: And if any Constable or other Chief Officer or Magistrate as aforesaid shall presume to quarter or billet any such Officer or Soldier in any House not within the Meaning of this Act, without the Consent of the Owner or Occupier thereof, then such Owner or Occupier shall have his or their Remedy at Law against such Magistrate or Officer for the Damage that such Owner or Occupier shall sustain thereby; and such Constable, Chief Officer or Magistrate, being duly convicted of such Offence by Indictment, shall be imprisoned for the Space of One Calendar Month: And if any Military Officer shall take upon him to quarter Soldiers otherwise than is limited and allowed by this Act, or shall use or offer any Menace or Compulsion to or upon any Mayor, Constable or other Chief Officer before mentioned, tending to deter or discourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty hereby required or appointed, or to induce any of them to do any thing contrary to their said Duty, such Military Officer shall for every such Offence, being thereof convicted before any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, by the Oath of Two credible Witnesses, be deemed and taken to be ipsofacto cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Military Employment whatsoever; provided the said Conviction be affirmed at the next Assizes or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County or County of a City or Town, and a Certificate thereof transmitted to the Chief Secretary, or in his Absence to the Under Secretary for the Civil Department, or the First Clerk in the Military Department in Dublin: And in case any Person shall find himself aggrieved in that such Constable, Chief Officer or Magistrate, not being a Justice of the Peace, has quartered or billetted in his House a greater Number of Soldiers than he ought to bear in proportion to his Neighbours, and shall complain thereof to One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the Division, City or Liberty where such Soldiers are quartered, or in case suen Chief Officer or Magistrate shall be a Justice of the Peace, then on Complaint made to Two or more Justices of the Peace of Such Division, City or Liberty, such Justice or Justices respectively shall have, and have hereby Power to relieve such Persons, by ordering such and so many of the Soldiers to be removed and quartered upon such other Person or Persons as he or they shall see cause, and such other Person or Persons shall be obliged to receive such Soldiers accordingly.

Officers rs-

LXVII. And that the Quarters both of Officers and Soldiers

ceiving the Pay may hereafter be duly paid and satisfied, and His Majesty's Duties Derolmdsof ^xc*8e ^etter answered, Be it enacted, That from and after innkeepen. the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, every Officer to whom it belongs to receive or that does actually receive the Pay or Subsistence Money, either for a whole Regiment, or particular Troops and Companies, or otherwise, shall every Four Days, or before the Troops shall quit their Quarters, if they shall not remain so long as Four Days, settle the just Demands of all Persons keeping Inns, or other Places where Officers or Soldiers are quartered by virtue of this Act, out of the Pay and Subsistence of such Officers and Soldiers, before any Part of

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 19. 101

the said Pay or Subsistence be distributed to either of them respectively: And if any Officer or Officers as aforesaid shall not Penalty on satisfy, content and pay the same, upon Complaint and Oath made Officers not thereof by any Two Witnesses, at the next Quarter Sessions for "Ustyug Ac-the County or City where such Quarters were (which Oath the Jus- ^n^'^harired tices of the Peace at such Sessions are hereby authorised and re- against theni quired to administer) , the Secretary at War in England, and the by the Agent Chief Secretary, or in his Absence the Under Secretary for the Civil Department, or the First Clerk in the Military Department in Ireland, is hereby required and authorised (upon Certificate of the Justices before whom such Oath was made, of the Sum due upon such Accounts, and the Persons to whom the same is owing) to give Orders to the Agent of the Troop or Company to pay and satisfy the said Sums, and to charge the same against such Officer or Officers.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That for the better and more For the proregular Provision of Carriages for His Majesty's Forces in their v.ldin8 Cl*7 Marches, or for their Arms, Clothes or Accoutrements, in England, march-

Ireland and Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, all ing in England Justices of the Peace, within their several Counties, Ridings, and Ireland. Divisions, Shires, Liberties and Precincts, being duly required thereunto by an Order from His Majesty, or the General of His Forces, or the Master General or Lieutenant General of His Majesty's Ordnance, if in England, Wales or Berwick-upon-Tweed, or by an Order from the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or from the Officer commanding His Majesty's Forces in Ireland, or other Person duly authorised in that Behalf, shall, as often as such Order is brought and shewn unto One or more of such Justices by the Quartermaster, Adjutant or other Officer or Noncommissioned Officer of the Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company so ordered to march, issue out his or their Warrant or Warrants to the Constables nr Petty Constables of, or to any Constable or Constables acting or having Authority to act in the Division, Riding,

+City, Liberty, Hundred and Precinct, from, through, near or to which such Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company shall be ordered to march, for each of which Warrants the Fee of One Shilling only shall be paid; requiring them to make such Provision of Carriages and Horses or Oxen, with able Men to drive the same, as is mentioned in the said Warrant, allowing them sufficient Time

to do the same, that the neighbouring Parts may not always bean

the Burthen; and specifying in such Warrants the Place or Places Warrants to

from and to which the said Carriages shall, by virtue of such specify th«

Orders as aforesaid, be required to travel, also specifying the

Number of Miles between the Places, for which Number of Miles ghLltraitST *

only so specified Constables or Petty Constables are authorised to and the Num-

demand Payment, which shall not exceed the Day's March of the ber of Miles,

Troops, as prescribed in the Order produced to the Magistrate, & *

+unless in case of pressing Emergency or Necessity, and shall in no Case whatever exceed Twenty five Miles from the Place at which the March shall commence; and in case sufficient Carriages cannot be provided within any such Liberty, Division pr Precinct, then the Justice or Justices of the Peace of the next adjoining County, Riding or Division shall, upon such Order as aforesaid being

102

C. 19.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

brought or shewn to One or more of them by any of the Officers aforesaid, issue his or their Warrant to the Constables or Petty Constables of such next County, Riding, Liberty, Division or Precinct, as shall be most convenient for the purposes aforesaid, according to their respective Jurisdictions, to make up such Deficiency: And the aforesaid Officer or Officers, who by virtue of the aforesaid Warrant from the Justices of the Peace, are to demand the Carriage or Carriages therein mentioned of the Constable or Petty Constable to whom the Warrant directed, is and are hereby required at the same Time to pay down in Hand to the said Constable or Petty Constable, for the Use of the Person who shall provide such Carriages and Men, the Sums hereinafter mentioned respectively, for which respective Sums so received the said Constable or Petty Constable is hereby required to give a Receipt in Siting (which Receipt need not be stamped) to the Person or Persons paying the same: And such Constable or Petty Constable shall order and appoint such Person or Persons having Carriages within their respective Liberties, as they shall think proper, to provide and furnish such Carriages and Horses and Oxen and Men, according to the Warrant aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide and furnish the same accordingly; and no Person owning or driving or causing to be driven any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture, nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage be stopped or detained by reason of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen; but it shall be lawful for any Owner of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, to put any additional Number of Horses or Oxen to those prescribed or paid for under this Act; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or any particular Highway or Road, to the contrary notwithstanding: Penalty 51. on And if any Military Officer or Officers, for the Use of whose Regi-Officers forcing ment, Detachment, Troop or Company the Carriage was provided. Waggons to shall force and constrain any Waggon, Wain, Cart or Carriage to navel more than travel beyond the Distance specified in the Magistrate's Warrant, Magistrate s or not discharge the same in due time for their Return Home on the same Day, if it be practicable, or shall suffer any Soldier or Servant (except such as are sick) , or any Woman, to ride in the Waggon, Wain, Cart or Carriage aforesaid; or shall force any Constable or Petty Constable, by threatening or menacing Words, to provide Saddle Horses for themselves or Servants, or shall force Horses from the Owners, by themselves, Servants or Soldiers, every such Officer for every such Offence shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, Proof thereof being made upon Oath before Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the same County or Riding, who are to certify the same to the Secretary at War in England, or if in Ireland to the Chief Secretary, or in his Absence the Under Secretary for the Civil Department or the First Clerk in the Military department, who is hereby authorised and required to give Orders for the Payment of the aforesaid Sum of Five Pounds, according to the Order and Appointment under the Hands and Seals of the aforesaid Justices of the Peace of the same

Warrant pacific* &c.

103

C. 19.

County or Riding) and for deducting the same out of such Officer's Pay.

LXXV. And Whereas it may sometimes become necessary, in Cases of Emergency, to provide proper and speedy Means for the Carriage and Conveyance, not only of the Arms, Clothes,

Accoutrements, Tents, Baggage and other Equipage of and belonging to His Majesty's Forces in their Marches, but also of thd

Officers, Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children and other Persons

of and belonging to such Forces: And Whereas it is expedient that Provisions should be made for enforcing prompt Obedience to such Orders as His Majesty or the Lord Lieutenant or other

Chief Governor in Ireland may in such Cases think fit to issue in pursuance of the Powers by Law vested in Him for the Advancement of the general Good and public Welfare of the Realm:* Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, or such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors in Ireland, by His or their Order, distinctly stating that such Case of Emergency doth exist, signified by the Secretary at War, or if in Ireland, by the Chief Secretary, or in his Absence by the Under Secretary for the Civil Department, or the First Clerk in the Military Department for the time being, to any General or Field Officer commanding His Majesty's Forces in any District or Place, or to the Agent for the Supply of Stores and Provisions at Home, or Person acting in that Capacity, to authorise such General or Field Officers or Agent as aforesaid or Person aforesaid, by Writing under his Hand, reciting such Order of His said Majesty, or Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor aforesaid, to require all Justices of the Peace within their several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, Liberties and Precincts in England, Ireland, Wales and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, to issue nis or their Warrant or Warrants for any of the Purposes hereinafter mentioned; and such Justice or Justices shall, when and as often as such Requisition in Writing as last-mentioned shall be brought and shewn unto any One or more of such Justices, by the Quarter-Master, Adjutant, or other Officer of the Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company so ordered to be conveyed, or by any Officer in the Commissariat Department, to issue out his or their Warrant or Warrants to the Constables or Petty Constables of the County, Division, Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred and Precinct, from, through, near or to which such Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company shall be so ordered to be conveyed, requiring them to make such Provision, not only of Waggons, Wains, Carts and Cars kept by or belonging to any Person or Persons, and for any Use or Purpose whatsoever, but also of Saddle Horses, Coaches, Chaises and other Four-wheeled Carriages usually let to Hire, or kept for that Purpose; and also of Boats, Barges and other Vessels used for the Carriage of Coals, Stone, Lime, Manure, or of Goods, Wares or Merchandises, or any other Articles or Commodity whatsoever, upon any Canal or navigable River, with able Men and Horses to drive, navigate and draw the same, as shall be mentioned in the said Warrant or Warrants, therein specifying the Place or Distance to which such Horses, Carriages, Boats, Barges or other Vessels, and Men, shall go and be conveyed, and allowing such Constables sufficient Time to make such Provision, that the

In Cases of Emergency Justices may be required to issue Warrants for proriding Saddle Horses and FourWbeel Carriages let to Hire, and also. Vessels.

C. 19. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820. 104

neighbouring Parts may not always bear the Burthen; and in case such sufficient Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges or other Vessels, and Men, cannot be provided within any such County, Riding, Division, Hundred, City, Liberty or Precinct, then the next Justice or Justices of the Peace of the next County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Precinct shall, upon such Requisition in Writing as last aforesaid being brought or shewn to any one or more of them, by any of the Officers aforesaid, issue his or their Warrant or Warrants to the Constables or Petty Constables of such next County, Riding, City, Liberty, Division, Hundred or Precinct, for the Purposes last aforesaid, to make up such Defici-Officen d*- ency; and the aforesaid Officer or Officers who by virtue of the minding them, aforesaid Warrant or Warrants from the Justice or Justices of the to piy for their peace, are to demand the Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges or m UtoJ^Ucto8 other Vessels therein mentioned, of the Constable or Petty Con-«h.n direct. stable to whom the said Warrant or Warrants shall be directed, is and are hereby required at the same Time to pay down in Hand to the said Constable or Petty Constable, for the Use of the Person or Persons who shall provide such Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges or other Vessels, and Men, such reasonable Sum and Sums of Money as the said Justice or Justices shall in and by his or their said Warrant or Warrants order and direct, not exceeding the usual Rate and Hire of such and the like Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges or other Vessels, and Men, according to the Length of the Journey or Voyage in each particular Case, but making no Allowance for Post Horse Duty or Turnpike, Canal, River or Lock Tolls (which Duty or Tolls are hereby declared not to be demandable or payable in such and the like Cases for any such Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges and other Vessels, whilst Constable to employed in such Service, or returning therefrom); for which said give Receipt respective Sum and Sums so received, the said Constable or imJto'ord^ Petty Constable is hereby required to give a Receipt in Writing the Horaes, &c. (^ut without any Stamp) to the Person or Persons paying the to be provided, same; and such Constable or Petty Constable shall order and appoint such Person or Persons having such Horses, Carriages, Boats, Barges or other Vessels, and Men, within their respective Liberties, as they shall think proper, to provide and furnish such Horses, Carriages, Boats, Barges or other Vessels, and Men, according to the Warrant or Warrants aforesaid, who are hereby Military Offi- required to provide and furnish the same accordingly; and it shall cere may con- and may be lawful in such Cases, to and for all and every Mili-vey on them tary Officer and Officers, for the Use of whom, or of whose Regi-Acwutremenu, ment» Detachment, Troop or Company, such Horses, Carriages, jjagggg^ Boats, Barges or other Vessels shall be provided, in such Cases to Equipage, Offi- carry and convey, and permit to be carried and conveyed, on the cer*. Soldiers, same respectively, not only the Arms, Clothes, Accoutrements, S*nrh-ur°' PaSSa8e» Tents and other Equipage of such Regiment, Detach-and*1 other ment> Troop or Company, but also the Officers, Soldiers, Ser-Persons. vants, Women, Children and other Persons of and belonging to

the same, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof not-Penalty on withstanding; but if any such Officer or Officers shall force and Officers forcing constrain any Horse, Carriage, Boat, Barge or other Vessel, to llorTt/CC* a* trave^ or proceed beyond the Distance or Place to be allowed and thDistancv specified in such Warrant or Warrants, without the special Licence or Order of One or more other such Justice or Justices of

1° GEO. IV. C. 19. 105

the Peace in that Behalf, and which Licence or Order One or specified in more of such Justices is and are hereby authorised and required Warrant with-to give and make at his and their reasonable Discretion, every out Licence, such Officer for every such Offence shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, Proof thereof being made upon Oath before Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the same County or Riding,

Division, City, Liberty or Precinct, who are to certify the same to the Secretary at War, or if in Ireland to the Chief Secretary, or in his Absence the Under Secretary for the Civil Department, or the First Clerk in the Military Department, who is hereby authorised and required to give Order for Payment of the aforesaid Sum of Five Pounds according to the Order and Appointment under the Hands and Seals of the aforesaid Justices of the Peace of the same County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Precinct, and for deducting the same out of such Officer's Pay.

XCII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted and Clause for declared, That from and after the said Twenty fourth Day of Relief of Par-June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, wrhen and as often *°"9 testily as any Person or Persons shall be enlisted as a Soldier or Soldiers in His Majesty's Land Service, he or they shall within Four Days, but not sooner than Twenty four Hours, after such enlisting respectively, be carried or go with some Officer, Noncommissioned Officer, or Private Soldier belonging to the Recruiting Party by which he shall be enlisted, or with the Person employed on the Recruiting Service with whom he shall have enlisted, before some Justice oi the Peace of any County, Riding, City or Place, or Chief Magistrate of any City or Town Corporate residing or being next to or in the Vicinity of the Place, and acting for the Division or District where such Person or Persons shall have been enlisted, and not being an Officer in the Army, and before such Justice or Chief Magistrate he or they shall be at Liberty to declare his or their Dissent to such enlisting; and upon such Declaration, and Such Persons returning the enlisting Money, and also each Person so dissenting not paying the paying the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Charges expended or and

laid out upon him, together with such full Rate allowed by Law ^oney "^in for the Subsistence or Diet and Small Beer furnished to such t|je limited Recruit subsequent to the Period of his having been enlisted, such Time to be Person or Persons so enlisting shall be forthwith discharged and deemed to be set at Liberty in the Presence of such Justice or Chief Magis- ei^.I8I*p; m trate; but if such Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect, £ within the Space of Twenty four Hours after so declaring his or Justices to their Dissent, to return and pay such Money as aforesaid, he or read over to they shall be deemed and taken to be enlisted, as if he or they the certain had given his or their Assent thereto before the said Justice or SertHMM oftha Chief Magistrate; and if such Person or Persons shall declare his or their having voluntarily enlisted himself or themselves, then certain Oaths, such Justice or Chief Magistrate shall and he is hereby required forthwith to read over, or in his own Presence to cause to be read over, to such Person or Persons, the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Section, and the First Article of the Sixth Section, of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion, and to tender and administer to such Person or Persons respectively, not only the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articles of War, but also the Oath mentioned In the Schedule to this Act annexed

C. 19.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Reciuits enlisted under 39 G. 3. c. 109. for the East India Company's Service, &c. shall take the Oath of Allegiance.

Recruits enlisted under 50 G. 3.C. 87. shall take the Oaths in Schedules (G) and (H).

Nome and Residence of Recruits to be token down.

marked (A) , or if the Person shall be desirous of enlisting without any Limitation of Period of Service, the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (B); and if such Person or Persons shall take the said Oaths, then such Justice or Chief Magistrate shall and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his Hand the Enlisting and Swearing, together with the Place of the Birth, Age and Calling, if known, of such Person or Persons, in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (C) , if the Oath in the Form marked (A) shall have been taken, and in the Form marked (D) if the Oath in the Form marked (B) shall have been taken; except in the Case of Recruits enlisting to serve either in His Majesty's Troops or in the Forces of the East India Company, according as His Majesty shall think fit, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for better recruiting the Forces of the East India Company, in which Case every such Recruit shall, instead of the said Oath of Fidelity, and of the Oath contained in the Schedule (A) or (B) to this Act annexed, take the Oath of Allegiance directed by the said Act of the Thirty ninth of His said late Majesty, and contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (E) , and the Justice or Chief Magistrate shall certify such Enlistment and Swearing accordingly in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (F); and except also in the Case of Recruits enlisted for the special Purpose of serving in the East Indies, in the Forces of the East India Company only, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to amend Two Acts relating to the raising Men for the Service of the East India Company, and the quartering and billetting such Men, and to Trials by Regimental Courts Martial, in which Case every such Recruit snail, instead of the said Oath of Fidelity, take the Oath directed to be taken by the said Act of the Fiftieth Year of His said late Majesty, and contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (G) , and instead of the Oath of Service contained in the Schedule (A) or (B) to this Act annexed, shall take the Oath directed to be taken by the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year aforesaid, and contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (H) , and the Justice or Magistrate shall certify such Enlistment and Swearing accordingly in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (I); and if any such Person or Persons so to be certified shall wilfully refuse to take the said Oath of Fidelity before the said Justice or Chief Magistrate, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, from whom he received such Money as aforesaid, to detain and confine such Person or Persons, until he or they shall take the said Oath of Fidelity; and every Military Officer that shall act contrary hereto, or offend herein, shall incur the like Penalty and Forfeiture as is by this Act inflicted upon any Officer for making a false and untrue Muster; and the Penalty and Forfeiture shall be levied and recovered in the same Manner as any Penalties or Forfeitures are by this Act to be levied or recovered: Provided always, that every Noncommissioned Officer or Private Soldier who shall enlist any Recruit shall at the Time of such enlisting inquire the Christian and Surname and Place of Abode of such Recruit, and either

1° GEO. IV. C. 19. 107

take the same down in Writing, or give the same to the Noncommissioned Officer commanding the Recruiting Party, to be so taken down: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace to discharge any Person who shall have hastily enlisted, and who shall apply to him to declare his Dissent within such Four Days as aforesaid, upon Payment of the Sum of Money required to be paid by any Recruit declaring his Dissent under this Act, notwithstanding no Officer, Noncommissioned Officer or Private Soldier belonging to the Recruiting Party shall be with the Recruit, if it shall appear to such Magistrate, upon the Examination of such Recruit, or of any other Person, that the Recruiting Party has left the Place where such Recruit was enlisted, or that such Recruit could not procure any Noncommissioned Officer belonging to such Party to go with such Recruit before the Justice of the Peace; and the Sum paid by such Recruit upon his Discharge shall be kept by the Justice of the Peace, and paid when demanded to any Person belonging to the Recruiting Party entitled thereto demanding the same: Provided always, that in every Case wherein any Person shall have received Enlisting Money, and shall have absconded or have absented himself from the Party as aforesaid, so that it shall not be possible immediately to apprehend him, and bring him before a Magistrate, the Officer or Noncommissioned Officer commanding the Party shall produce to the Magistrate before whom the Recruit would regularly have been brought for Attestation, a Certificate of the Name and Place ot' Residence of such Person; and the Magistrate to whom the Certificate shall be produced shall, after satisfying himself that the Person who had absconded cannot be found and apprehended, transmit a Duplicate thereof to His Majesty's Secretary at War, or if in Ireland, the Chief Secretary or Under Secretary or First Clerk, as aforesaid, in order that, in the Event of such Person being afterwards apprehended and reported as a Deserter, the Facts of his having received Enlisting Money and having absconded may be ascertained before he be finally adjudged to be a Deserter as having been duly enlisted.

CXV. And be it further enacted, That every Soldier entitled to his Discharge under any Orders or Regulations made by His Majesty, or upon the Expiration of any Period for which he shall have engaged to serve, shall, if then serving abroad, be sent to Great Britain or Ireland free of Expense, and on his Return shall be entitled to and have and receive Marching Money from the Place of his being landed to the Parish or Place in which he shall have been originally enlisted, at the Rate per Diem fixed for victualling Soldiers on the March in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, reckoning Ten Miles for each Day's March; and every Soldier so entitled to his Discharge, who shall be discharged at any Place in the United Kingdom other than that in which he shall have been attested, shall be entitled to the like Marching Money, from the Place of his Discharge to the Place of his Attestation as aforesaid.

Justices may discharge Persons hastily enlisting themselves on paying the Enlisting Money.

Magistrates to transmit to the Secretary at War Duplicates of Certificates of the Name and Residence of Persons receiving Enlisting Money and absconding.

Soldiers entitled to Discharge to be sent Home free of Expense, and have Conduct and Marching Money Home *

108 C. 20. 1 GEO. IV: A.D. 1820.

Persons committed for Criminal Offences not to receive Pay till they return to the Regiment, &c.

Rales of Carriage.

CAP. XX.

An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

[23d June 1820.]

[This Act is the same, and all the Schedules are also the same, as 59 G. 3. c. 10. except as to Dates and Sums and the Sections that are here inserted.]

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no-Officer, Noncommissioned Officer or Private Marine, who shall be arrested and committed to Prison upon a Charge of any Criminal Offence, shall receive any Part of his Pay from the Day of such Commitment till the Day of his Return to the Company to which he shall belong, or which he shall be ordered to join: Provided that if he shall be acquitted of the Offence for which he was committed, he shall, upon his Return to his Company, be entitled to receive all Arrears of Pay which were growing due during the Time of his Confinement; but if he shall be convicted, he shall forfeit all Right to any Pay from the Day of his Commitment during the Time of his Confinement, as well under the original Commitment as under any Commitment consequent upon such Conviction, and until the Day of his Return to the Company to which he shall belong, or which he shall be ordered to join: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to order the Issue and Payment to any such Officer, Noncommissioned Officer or Private Marine, during any such Commitment or Imprisonment, or either of them, or any Part thereof, of the Pay of any such Officer, Noncommissioned Officer or Private Marine, or of any Proportion of such Pay, or of any Arrears thereof, either during such Commitment or Imprisonment, or after the Discharge of such Officer, Noncommissioned Officer or Private Marine after Conviction or otherwise, as shall appear to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to be proper; and the Order of the said Lords Commissioners for the Payment of such Pay or Arrears shall be a sufficient Discharge for such Payment.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the Sums to be paid into the Hands of such Constable or Petty Constable in England, Wales and Berwick upon Tweed, shall be according to the Allowing Rates; that is to say, The Sum of One Shilling for every Mile any Waggon with Four or more Horses, or any Wain with Six Oxen, or Four Oxen with Two Horses, shall travel; and the Sum of Nine Pence for every Mile any Cart with Four Horses, or carrying not less than Fifteen Hundred Weight, shall travel; and the Sum of Sixpence for every Mile any Cart or other Carriage with less than Four Horses, and not carrying Fifteen Hundred Weight, shall travel; or any further Sum not exceeding Four Pence for every Mile any Waggon with Four or more Horses, or any Wain with Six Oxen, or with Four Oxen and Two Horses, shall travel; and not exceeding Three Pence for every Mile any Cart with Four Horses, or carrying not less than Fifteen Hundred Weight, shall travel; and not exceeding Two Pence for every Mile any Cart or other Carriage with less than Four Horses, and not carrying Fifteen Hundred Weight, shall travel; according as the same shall be fixed and ordered by the Justices of the Peace for any County

1° GEO. IV. C. 20. 109

or District assembled at any General Sessions of the Peace for such County or District, the said Justices having Regard to the Price of Hav and Oats at the Time of fixing such additional Rates: Provided always, that in Cases where the Day's March shall exceed Fifteen Miles, such further Compensation shall be made and paid in like manner to the Owners of the said Carriages for the Excess beyond the said Fifteen Miles, as shall be deemed reasonable by the Magistrates who granted the Warrant for impressing them, not exceeding the usual Rate and Hire of such Carriages: Provided always, that every Order of the Justices assembled at any General Sessions of the Peace, fixing a further Sum to be paid for the Hire of Carriages as aforesaid, m addition to the customary Rates of One Shilling and Nine Pence and Sixpence per Mile respectively, shall specify the Period for which the same shall be in force, and which shall not in any Case exceed Ten Days beyond the General Sessions of the Peace for such County or District next ensuing the Date of such Order; and a Copy of every such Order, signed by the Chairman or presiding Magistrate and one other Justice of the Peace or Magistrate at the Quarter Sessions at which the same shall be made, shall within Three Days after the making thereof be transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty; and no such Order shall be valid or effectual unless a Copy thereof be so signed and transmitted as aforesaid: Provided also, that in every Case of any increased Rate being allowed for the Hire of any Carriage, the Justice of the Peace granting or signing such Warrant shall insert in his own Hand the Amount of such increased Rate for each Description of Carriage, as so authorised by the Justices at the Quarter Sessions as aforesaid; and such Warrant shall be given to the Officer or Noncommissioned Officer commanding the Regiment, Corps, Company, Detachment or Party requiring such Carriages, as his Voucher for the Payment of such increased Rate; and no increased Rate shall be demanded, but such as shall be so inserted by the Justice in the Warrant.

LII. And Whereas several Marines, who being duly entered, may afterwards desert, and be found wandering, or otherwise

absenting themselves illegally from His Majesty's Serviceit is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Tor the Constable, Headborough or Tithingman of the Town or Place where any Person who may reasonably be suspected to be such a Deserter shall be found, or if no such Constable, Head-borough or Tithingman can be immediately met with, then for any Marine Officer or Marine, to apprehend or cause such suspected Person to be apprehended, and to bring or cause him to be brought before any Justice of the Peace living in or near such Town or Place, who is hereby empowered and required to examine such suspected Person; and if, by his Confession, or the Testimony of One or more Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or by Knowledge of such Justice of the Peace, it shall appear or be found that such suspected Person is a Marine duly entered, and ought to be with the Company to which he belongs, whether such Company shall be employed on board any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels, or quartered on Shore, or employed on board any Transport Ship, or Merchant Ship or Vessel, or any Ship or Vessel of His Majesty

Constables, &c. may apprehend Deserters, and carry them before a Justice;

C. 20. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

and transmit an Account to the Secretary of the Admiralty, &c.

Gaol Keeper to receive the Subsistence of Deserters.

Reward for apprehending Marines attempting to desert.

Clause for Relief of Persons hastily enlisting themselves.

not being in Commission, or any Convict Hulk or Ship, such Justice of the Peace shall, without Fee or Reward to himself or Clerk, forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Gaol of the County or Place where he shall be found, or to the House of Correction or other public Prison in such Town or Place where such Deserter shall be apprehended; or to the Savoy, in case such Deserter shall be apprehended within the Cities of London or Westminster, or Places adjacent; and transmit an Account thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty for the time being, and to the Commandant of the Division to which the said Deserter may belong, to the end that such Person may be proceeded against according to Law; and the Keeper of every Gaol, House of Correction or Prison, shall receive such Subsistence Money for the Maintenance of such Deserter during the Time he shall continue in his Custody, as shall from time to time be directed in that Behalf by the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty for the time being, but shall not be entitled to any Fee or Reward on account of the Imprisonment of any such Deserter; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the said Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty for the time being, if they should think fit, to order the Issue and Payment of any Arrears of Pay, or of the Surplus of such Pay, or any Portion thereof, to or on account of such Noncommissioned Officer or Marine, during or after the Expiration of his Period of Imprisonment in any Gaol or House of Correction or other public Prison.

LVIII. And Whereas it has been judged expedient, for the 1 Prevention of Desertion, to establish Outlying Parties in the Vicinity of the respective Divisions, -for the Purpose of inter-

cep ting such Men as may straggle or attempt to desert from ' Head Quarters, and it is fit that Encouragement should be given to the Persons composing such Parties to be diligent and active

in their Duty in this Behalf; Be it therefore enacted, That, for and in respect of every Noncommissioned Officer or Private Marine so straggling or attempting to desert, who may be apprehended at a greater Distance from Head Quarters than is allowed by the Articles of War, the Party or Parties by whom he shall be apprehended shall be entitled to a Reward of Ten Shillings to be paid upon the Delivery up of every such Marine; which Sum of Ten Shillings shall be charged against and stopped and retained out of the Pay and Subsistence of every such Noncommissioned Officer and Private Marine, in like manner as the Reward or Sum of Two Pounds is hereinafter directed to be charged against, stopped and retained out of the Pay and Subsistence of every Deserter; an j thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

LaXIV. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared, That from and after the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, when and as often as any Person or Persons shall be enlisted as a Marine or Marines in His Majesty's Service, he and they shall, within Four Days, but not sooner than Twenty four Hours, after such enlisting respectively, be carried or go with some Officer, Noncommissioned Officer or Marine belonging to the Recruiting Party by which he shall be enlisted, or with the Person employed on the Recruiting Service with whom he shall

1° GEO. IV. C. 20.

Ill

have enlisted, before some Justice of the Peace of any County, Riding, City or Place, or Chief Magistrate of any City or Town Corporate, residing in or being next to or in the Vicinity of the Place where such Person or Persons shall have been enlisted, and not being an Officer of Royal Marines, and before such Justice or Chief Magistrate he or they shall be at Liberty to declare his or their Dissent to such enlisting; and upon such Declaration, and returning the Enlisting Money, and also each Person so dissenting paying the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Charges expended or laid out upon him, such Person or Persons so enlisted shall be forthwith discharged and set at Liberty in the Presence of such Justice or Chief Magistrate; but if such Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect, within the Space of Twenty four Hours after so declaring nis or their Dissent, to return and pay such Money as aforesaid, he or they shall be deemed and taken to be enlisted, as if he Or they had given his or their Assent thereto before the said Justice or Chief Magistrate; and if such Person or Persons shall declare his or their having voluntarily enlisted himself or themselves, then such Justice or Chief Magistrate shall and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his Hand that such Person or Persons is or are duly enlisted, setting forth the Place of the Birth, Age and Calling of him or them respectively (if known) , and that the Second and Third Sections of the Articles of War, for the better Government of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore, were read to him or them, and that he or they had taken the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the Twelfth Section of the said Articles of War, and also the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (A); and if any such Person or Persons so to be certified as duly entered shall refuse to take the said Oath of Fidelity before the said Justice or Chief Magistrate, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer from whom he has received such Money as aforesaid to detain or confine such Person or Persons until he or they shall take the Oath before required; and every Officer of Royal Marines that shall act contrary hereto, or offend herein, upon Proof thereof upon Oath made rwo Witnesses before a General Court Martial to be thereupon called, shall for such Offence be forthwith cashiered and displaced from such his Office, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within this Kingdom, or in His Majesty's Service: Provided always, that every Noncommissioned Officer or Private Marine who shall enlist any Recruit shall, at the Time of such enlisting, inquire the Christian and Surname and Place of Abode of such Recruit, and either take the same down in Writing, or give the same to the Noncommissioned Officer commanding the Recruiting Party, to be so taken down: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace to discharge any Person who shall have hastily enlisted, and who shall apply to him to declare his Dissent within such Four Days as aforesaid, upon Payment of the Sum of Money required to be paid by any Recruit declaring his Dissent under this Act, notwithstanding no Officer, Noncommissioned Officer or Private Marine belonging to the Recruiting Party, shall be with the Recruit, if it shall appear to such Magistrate, upon the Examination of such Recruit, or of any other Person, that the Recruiting

C. 20, 21. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Party have left the Place where such Recruit was enlisted, or that such Recruit could not procure any Noncommissioned Officer belonging to such Party to go with such Recruit before the Justice of the Peace; and the Sum paid by such Recruit upon his Discharge shall be kept by the Justice of the Peace, and paid when demanded to any Person belonging to the Recruiting Party entitled thereto demanding the same: Provided always, that in every Case wherein any Person shall have received Enlisting Money, and shall have absconded, or have absented himself from the Party as aforesaid, so that it shall not be possible immediately to apprehend him, and bring him before a Magistrate, the Officer or Noncommissioned Officer commanding the Party shall produce to the Magistrate before whom the Recruit would regularly have been brought for Attestation, a Certificate of the Name and Place of Residence of such Person, and the Magistrate to whom the Certificate shall be produced shall, after satisfying himself that the Person who had absconded cannot be found and apprehended, transmit a Duplicate thereof to the Lords of the Admiralty or their Secretary, in order that in the Event of such Person being afterwards apprehended and reported as a Deserter, the Facts of his having received Enlisting Money, and having absconded, may be ascertained before he be finally adjudged to be a Deserter as having been duly enlisted.

CAP. XXL

18 Eliz. c. 12. 12 G. 1. c- 31. 24 G. 2. c. 18.

55-

In Vacation next alter Trinity Term 1 G. 4. and in any future Term with

An Act to enable the Chief Justice of the King's Bench, or in his Absence any Judge of the same Court, to try JV/iW-dlesex Issues at Nisi Prius elsewhere than in Westminster Hall.

[23d June 1820.]

WHEREAS by virtue of several Statutes, made in the respective Reigns of Queen Elizabeth, King George the First, and King George the Second, the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench for the time being, or in his Absence or Default any other Judge of the same Court, hath Power to try at Nisi Prius all manner of Issues joined in the same Court, or in the Court of Chancery, which ought to be tried by an

Inquest of the County of Middlesex, within any Term, or Fourteen Days next after the same, but only within the Hall commonly called Westminster Hall; And Whereas it is expedient that the said Chief Justice or Judge shoujd be empowered, during the Vacation next after Trinity Term, in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also in any other Term or Vacation hereafter, to try the same Issues, in the same manner as is provided by the said Statutes respectively, elsewhere than in the said Hall May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the said Chief Justice of the King's Bench, or in his Absence any other Judge of the same Court, in the Vacation next after Trinity Term, in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, without any other Authority than this Act, and also in

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. 113

any other Term or Vacation hereafter, by and with the Consent Consent of of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, to be signified under His Majesty, His or their Sign Manual, to try all Issues joined or to be joined ^Mef Justice therein, or in the Court of Chancery, wherein the Trial ought to

be in the said County of Middlesex, by an Inquest taken from may xry Issues the Body of the said County, either in the said Hall or in any in any Place in other fit Place in the City of Westminster, as to the same Chief th City of Justice shall from time to time appear convenient in that behalf, Westminster, for so many Days, and in such Manner and Form, as the same Issues or any of them might be tried by the said Chief Justice in the said Hall called Westminster Hall.

II. And be it further enacted, That as well the Sheriff of the Sheriff and said County of Middlesex as all other Officers whatsoever, and °ther Officers, also all Jurors, Parties, Witnesses or other Persons who may be witaosw&c required to attend or who ought to attend at or for the Trial of gjvt any such Issue to be so tried as aforesaid, if the same had been or Attendance as should be tried in the said Hall, shall give his and their At- in Cases of tendance at and for the Trial thereof at the Place where the said *?* " Chief Justice, or in his Absence any other Judge of the said Westminster Court, shall be sitting for the Trial thereof, upon reasonable Notice to him or them in that Behalf, and shall be subject to such and the same Pains and Penalties for Nonattendance, and entitled to such and the same Fees and Remuneration for his and their Attendance, as if such Issue had been actually tried in the said Hall; and that all Writs, Process, Notices and other Proceedings, (other than and except a special Notice of the Place of Trial,) heretofore issued, made or had, or to be hereafter issued, made or had, for the Trial of any such Cause according to the Forms now in Use for the Trial of such Issues as aforesaid in the said Hall, shall be as good and available in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Issue had been actually tried in the said Hall; and that all Trials had at any such Place as aforesaid, in virtue of this Act, shall be deemed and taken to have been had, and may, in any Record, Process or other Proceeding, and also in any Indictment for Perjury, or other Offence committed at or in relation to any such Trial, be alleged and laid to have been had in the said Hall, in all Respects and to all Purposes as if such Trial had been actually had in the said Hall.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for raising a Loan of Twelve Millions from the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

[30th June 1820.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the 26 G. 5. c. 31.

Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for vesting certain Sums in Commissioners at the End of every Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt: And Whereas the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies, have resolved, 4 that the Sum of Twelve Millions be raised by Annuities in manner hereinafter mentioned: And Whereas the Commissioners

Monies heretofore issued or directed to be issued to Commissioners, to continue to be issued end placed to their Account

12,000,000l. to be advanced by the Commissioners in Quarterly Payments of the Amount herein mentioned.

For every 100L so advanced. Commissioners entitled to 1001. Reduced Annuities, 23 0.2. c. 1. and 421. 4s. 3 per Cent Consols; and the Dividends payable thereon shall be applicable to the Purposes of the Sinking Fund.

C. 22.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

under the said recited Act have agreed to subscribe the said Sum of Twelve Millions:' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thi6 present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the Monies which have heretofore been issued, or are required or directed by any Act or Acts of Parliament to be issued to the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, shall continue to be issued and placed to the Account of the said Commissioners as heretofore.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, out of the Monies which shall be issued and carried to their Account after the passing of this Act, to order and direct their Agent or Agents, or proper Officers, to pay into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer on Account of the said Loan of Twelve Millions, so agreed to be subscribed and advanced by the said Commissioners, the Sum of Two millions nine hundred thousand Pounds within the Quarter of the Year ending on the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty, the Sum of Three millions five hundred thousand Pounds within the Quarter of the Year ending on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, the Sum of Two millions five hundred thousand Pounds within the Quarter of the Year ending on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and the Sum of Three millions one hundred thousand Pounds within the Quarter of the Year ending on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight ^hundred and twenty one, in such Proportions, and at such Times in each of such respective Quarters, as the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them, for the time being, shall order and direct: Provided always, that no larger Sum in each Quarter than is before specified, and no further Sum in the Whole than Twelve Millions, shall be so paid and advanced by the said Commissioners.

III. And be it further enacted, That for every One hundred Pounds of the said Sum of Twelve Millions so paid, advanced and contributed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall be entitled to the Principal Sum of One hundred Pounds in Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum, to commence from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and to be added to and made One Joint Stock with certain Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds pex Centum, which were reduced from Four Pounds to Three Pound? per Centum by an Act made in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and to be payable and transferable at the Bank of England at the same Time and in the same Manner, and subject to the like Redemption, as the said Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities; and to the further Principal Sum of Forty two Pounds Four Shillings in Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum, to commence from the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred

V GEO. IV. C. 22. 115

and twenty, and to be added to and made One Joint Stock with the Three Pounds per Centum Annuities consolidated by the Acts of the Twenty fifth, Twenty eighth, Twenty ninth, Thirty second and Thirty third Years of the Reign of Pus late Majesty King George the Second, and by several subsequent Acts, and to be payable and transferable at the Bank of England at the same Time and in the same Manner, and subject to the like Redemption, as the said Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities; which said respective Annuities shall be made Capital Stock in the Names of the said Commissioners; and the Dividends payable thereon shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any other Duties and Revalues which shall be appropriated for that Purpose by any Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament; and such Capital Stock and the Annuities arising therefrom shall be deemed Part of the Stock and Annuities applicable by the said Commissioners to the Purposes of the Sinking Fund, and Annual Sums shall be issued for the Redemption thereof, as a Sinking Fund, according to the Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirty second Year of 32 G. 3. c. 55. the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to render more effectual an Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for vesting certain Sums in Commissioners at the End of every Quarter of a 1 Year, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt, and to airect the Application of an additional Sum to the Reduction of the said Debt in case of future Loans, and of another Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His late Ma- 53 G. 3. c. 35. jesty, intituled An Act to alter and amend several Acts passed in,

His present Majesty's Reign, relating to the Redemption of the National Debt, and for making further Provision in respect thereof

IV. And be it further enacted, That when the whole of the said When the Sum of Twelve Millions, authorised to be raised by virtue of the 12, oooo, ooooL Act of the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for raising a Loan of Twelve Millions from the 59 g. 3. c. 71. Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, shall have and the like been paid into the Exchequer by or on behalf of the said Com- Sum to be missioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, the Auditor rJ".9ed under of the Exchequer shall grant a Certificate stating that the said Sum has been so paid, in which Certificate the Amount of the fathe ExT* Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated and Reduced Annuities, chequer, Cer-to which the Commissioners upon Payment of the said Sum of tificate shall be Twelve Millions will become entitled, shall be specified; and when granted, 011 the whole of the further Sum of Twelve Millions, to be raised in ^idi^aTtlw pursuance of this Act, shall have been paid into the Exchequer by the Com-or on behalf of the said Commissioners, the said Auditor of the missioners shall Exchequer shall grant a similar Certificate; and upon the Produc- hare Credit for tion and Deposit of each of the said Certificates with the Account- Amount of ant General of the Bank of England, the Governor and Company beentjtie'i^ of the said Bank, shall thereupon cause the Amount of the Three Dividends. Pounds per Centum Consolidated and Reduced Bank Annuities specified therein to be written and entered to the Credit of the Amount of the said Commissioners in the Books kept by the skid Governor and Company for entering the Accounts of the said respective

116 C. 22, 23. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Application of the Money.

55 G. 3. c. 35.

§ 1.

Annuities; and the said Commissioners shall, after the Production or Deposit of the said respective Certificates at the Bank, be entitled at the next Half yearly Period for the Payment of the Dividends upon the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated and Reduced Annuities respectively, which shall ensue after the full Payment of the said Sum of Twelve Millions respectively, to receive the Dividends upon the Amount of the said Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated and Reduced Annuities which shall then have been entered to the Credit of the Account of the said Commissioners, from the Periods when such Dividends are directed to commence by the said Act of the Fifty ninth Year and of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Lord High Treasurer of the said United Kingdom for the time being, to issue and apply from time to time all such Sums of Money as shall be so paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, to such Services as shall have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to provide for the Charge of the Addition to the Public Funded Debt of Gn eat Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

[30th June 1820.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to alter and amend several Acts passed in His present Majesty's Reign, relating to the Redemption of the National Debt, and for making further Provisions in respect thereof it was enacted and declared, that for the Purposes of the said Act an Amount of Public Debt, equal to the whole Capital of the Public Debt, in perpetual Redeemable Annuities, existing on the Fifth Day of January One thousand seven hundred and eighty six, should be deemed to be satisfied and discharged, and so much of the Capital Stock so purchased and transferred as therein mentioned, and standing in the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as Parliament, 4 by any Act or Acts of the said Session, should or might direct, 4 should be cancelled in like Manner as if the same had been transferred to the said Commissioners for the Redemption of Land Tax, pursuant to the Provisions of the several Acts thereunto relating, in order to make Provision for the Charge of any Addition to be made to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain by way of Loan, or in any other Manner, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen; and that when and so soon as such a further Amount of the Capital Funded Debt of Great Britain should have been purchased by the said Commissioners, or transferred to them for the Redempdon of Land Tax, or the Purchase of like Annuities, as, together

V GEO. IV. C. 23. 117

with the Amount so - already purchased or transferred as aforesaid, should have produced an Interest or yearly Dividend equal in Amount to the whole Annual Charge in perpetual Redeemable Annuities of the Public Debt of Great Britain, existing on the Fifth Day of January One thousand seven hundred and eighty six, the said Commissioners should thereupon certify and declare the same to the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, who should cause the said Certificate and Declaration to be published in the Lortdon Gazette, and to be laid before Parliament (if Parliament should be then sitting) , but if Parliament should not be then sitting, then within Fourteen Days after the next Meeting of Parliament, and so from time to time whenever such a further Amount of the Capital Funded Debt of Great Britain should have been 'purchased or transferred as aforesaid, as should be equal to the whole Capital, and should have produced an Interest or yearly Dividend equal in Amount to the whole Annual Charge, m perpetual Redeemable Annuities, of each Loan con- " 4 tracted since the said Fifth Day of January One thousand seven hundred and eighty six, the said Commissioners should from time to time thereupon in like Manner certify and declare the same to the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, who should in like Manner cause every such Certificate and Declaration to be published in the London Gazette, and to be laid before Parliament; and whenever any such Certificate and Declaration should have been so made, published and laid before Parliament as aforesaid, the Amount of Public Debts to which such Certificate and Declaration should relate, should from time to time be deemed and taken to be wholly satisfied and discharged, and an equal Amount of Capital Stock, standing in the Names of the said Commissioners in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of the South Sea Company, should be considered to be redeemed by Parliament, and should from time to time be cancelled as above mentioned, at such Times and in such Proportions as should be directed by any Act or Acts of Parliament to be passed for that Purpose, in order to make Provision for the Charge of any Addition to be made to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain by way of Loan, or in any other Manner; and it was thereby further enacted, that whenever the Amount of the Sum to be raised by way of Loan, or in any other Manner, which might create an Addition to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain in that or any future Year, should exceed the Sum which on the First Day of February should have been or should be estimated to be applicable in the same Year to the Reduction of the National Debt, then and in every such Case an annual Sum, amounting to the One hundredth Part of the Capital Stock created by so much only of the Monies raised by way of Loan, or in any other Manner as aforesaid, in the Year, as should be equal to the Sum so estimated to be applicable to the Reduction of the National Debt within the same Year, should be issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, to the Account of the 9aid Commissioners, in the Manner directed by the said therein recited Act of the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty; and

118

C. 23.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

lG.lt 17. 1 G. 4. c. 23. 1 G. 4. c. 13.

24, 757, 3061. Three per Cent. Consols, and 23, 173, 7051. Three per Cent Reduced, standing in the Books of the Bank, in the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, cancelled as herein mentioned.

Dividends to cease, and the Money applicable thereto to go to the Consolidated Fund.

with respect to the Excess of the Monies which might be so raised in any Year by way of Loan, or in any other Manner as aforesaid, above the estimated Sum applicable to the Reduction of the National Debt within the same Year, such an annual Sum, as should be equal to One Half of the Interest of such Excess, should be set apart out of the Monies composing the Consolidated Fund, and should in like Manner be issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the said Commissioners: And Whereas the Sum which on the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twenty was estimated to be applicable in the present Year to the Reduction of the National Debt, amounted to Sixteen millions eight hundred and thirty two thousand eight hundred and sixty four Pounds: And Whereas by Three several Acts passed in the present Session of Parliament, the one thereof intituled An Act Jot 4 raising the Sum of Five Millions by tvay of Annuities; another, i intituled An Act for raising a Loan of Twelve Millions from the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; and the other, intituled An Act for funding Exchequer Bills to a certain Amount, and for raising a Sum of Money by way of Annuities for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty: And Whereas the Charge of the said several Sums will amount to the Sum of One million four hundred and thirty seven thousand nine hundred and thirty Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence Three Farthings: And Whereas it is expedient to make Provision for such Charge in the Manner directed by the said recited Act:' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Sum of Twenty four millions seven hundred and fifty seven thousand three hundred and six Pounds, Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, standing in the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, be cancelled; and the Sum of Twenty three millions one hundred and seventy three thousand seven hundred and five Pounds, Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, standing in the Names of the said Commissioners, shall also be cancelled from and after the following Periods respectively; that is to say. Six millions five hundred and eighty six thousand eight hundred and fifty two Pounds, from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty; Eleven millions five hundred and eighty six thousand eight hundred and fifty three Pounds, from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty; and Five Millions, from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty one; and the Interest or Dividends which would have been payable on the several Sums so cancelled shall, from those Days respectively, cease to be issued from the Receipt of the Exchequer, or to be charged upon the Consolidated Fund; and the Money which would have been applicable to the Payment thereof, shall remain and

1° GEO. IV. C. 23, 24. 119

be a Part of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Purpose of defraying the Charge occasioned by the Additions made or to be made to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain in the present Year.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to amend and continue, until the Twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, an Act of the Fifty second Year of His late Majesty, for the more effectual Preservation of the Peace, by enforcing the Duties of Watching and Warding.

[30th June 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty second Year of His late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the more effectual Preservation of the Peace, by enforcing the Duties of Watching and Warding, until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, in Places where Disturbances prevail or are apprehended; which Act was afterwards renewed, and has been continued, by an Act of the Fifty eighth Year of

His said late Majesty's Reign, until the Twentieth Day of June in the present Year; and it is expedient that the same should

be amended and further continued:' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act of the Fifty second Year aforesaid shall be and the same is hereby further continued, as hereby amended, for the Term hereinafter mentioned.

II. And Whereas the Provision in the said Act, that the Justices of the Peace at any Special or Petty Sessions held for carrying the said Act into Execution, shall determine, settle and arrange the Order, Rotation and Time in which every Person liable to the Duty of Watching and Warding shall undertake and perform the same, and regulate the Manner in which the said Duty shall be performed, hath in some Places been found highly inconvenient, and the good Effect of the Act hath been thereby greatly impaired; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices at any such Special or Petty Sessions, in case they shall see fit, to direct the Constables or Special Constables of any Parish, Township or Place, to determine, settle and arrange the Order, Rotation and Time in which every Person liable to the said Duty shall undertake and perform the same, and to regulate the Manner in which the said Duty hall be performed; and that in every Parish, Township or Place, as to which such Direction shall be given, every Person so liable shall undertake and perform the Duty accordingly, and shall incur such Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures as are by the said Act imposed for neglecting or refusing to appear at the appointed Time or Place, or to proceed in the regular and punctual Performance of the said Duty, as if the Manner of performing the same had been regulated by the Justices in pursuance of the said Act: Provided nevertheless, that it shall be lawful for every Person aggrieved by any Order or Regulation made by the Constables or Special Constables in this BehSf, to apply for Redress to the Justices

52- G.3. c. 17.

as continued by 58 G. 3. c. 52.

further continued.

Justices in Special or Petty Sessions may direct Constables to settle the Order of Duty to be performed.

Persons aggrieved may apply for Redress to Special

; 20

C. 24, 25.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

or Petty Seasons.

Substitutes may be hired to s ?rve for Quakers declining to act

Expense unpaid to be levied on Goods of Quakers.

In Default of Distress Quakers may be committed.

[Proviso.]

Continuance of Act

9 6.2, c. 57.

tices at the first Special or Petty Sessions held under the said Act, who shall make such Order therein as to them shall seem just and proper.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, being One

of the Persuasion of the People called Quakers, who shall be appointed to watch or to ward, shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place appointed for the Performance of the said Duties or either of them, or to proceed according to the Directions of any Constable or Special Constable in Performance of such Duties, such Person shall not be liable to the Fine or Penalty imposed by the said recited Act for Nonattendance or Nonobservance of such Directions; but it shall apd may be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace forthwith to hire, on as reasonable Terms as may be, a fit and proper Person to serve as a Substitute for such Person so neglecting or refusing, which Persons so provided as such Substitute shall be enrolled, and shall perform the Duties of Watching and Warding in the same Manner, and shall be subject to the same Duties and Authorities, and also to the same Penalties for neglecting or refusing to execute the same, or obey such Authorities, as if he had been personally subject to keep Watch and Ward; and any Two or more Justices of the Peace are hereby authorised, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to levy, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Quaker so refusing or neglecting, such Sum of Money as shall be necessary to defray the Expenses of providing and hiring such Substitute, rendering to such Quaker the Overplus (if any) , after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale; and if no Goods or Chattels belonging to such Quaker can be found sufficient to levy such Distress, and it shall appear to such Justices that such Quaker is of sufficient Ability to pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, then it shall be lawful to commit such Quaker to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of One Month, or until he shall have paid such Sum of Money as such Parties shall have agreed to pay such Substitute as aforesaid: Provided always, that no Quaker so committed shall be confined among Felons.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the Twentieth Day of June in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty four.

CAP. XXV.

An Act to repeal Part of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, relative to the Manufacture of Sail Cloth.

[SOth June 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and for the more effectual securing the Duties notv payable on Foreign Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom: And Whereas in consequence of the great Improvements which have been made since the passing of the said Act, in the Manufacture of Sail Cloth, it is expedient that the Restrictions

I

l GEO. IV.

121

C. 25, 26.

46 G. 3. c. 87.

strictions contained in the said Act, as to the Materials to be $ 6, 7.

used, and Manner of manufacturing the same, should be repealed:* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent So much of Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi- J^th" ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament Materials used, assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after repealed.

the passing of this Act so much and such Part of the said recited Act as relates to the Materials to be used in the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and the Manner of manufacturing the same, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for the Encouragement and Improvement of the Coasting Trade of Ireland.

[30th June 1820.]

WHEREAS several of the Provisions contained in an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act more effectually to regulate the Collection of the Duties on Goods, Wares and Merchandise, imported or exported into or from Ireland, and the Payment of Bounties, Allowances and Drawbacks thereon, are productive of unnecessary Embarrassment and Expense in the Coasting Trade of Ireland; and it is just and expedient that the Coasting Trade, in every Part of the United Kingdom,

should, as far as local Circumstances will admit, be placed upon the same Footing; Be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person whatever to convey or remove and carry forth to the open Sea any Goods, Wares or Merchandise, which shall be shipped or put on board according to the Directions of this Act, at any Port, Haven or Creek in Ireland, to be landed or discharged at any other Port or Place in Ireland, without taking out any Cocquet or Cocquets, or giving any Security by Bond or otherwise for the delivering or discharge thereof at the Port or Place of Delivery or Discharge, any thing in the said recited Act, or in any other Act or Acts in force, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; subject nevertheless to the several Exemptions, Provisoes, Rules and Regulations hereinafter mentioned.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Goods, Wares or Merchandise which are or shall be prohibited to be exported from Ireland to Foreign Parts, nor any Goods, Wares or Merchandise which are or shall be liable to any Duty to His Majesty,

His Heirs or Successors, (unless the Amount of such Duty on the Whole of the Cargo so to be carried coastwise shall not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds,) or which are or shall be entitled to any Drawback or Bounty on the Export thereof, nor any Goods,

Wares or Merchandise which shall by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament have been warehoused upon the Importation thereof into Ireland, and afterwards carried and conveyed coastwise to be again warehoused or for Exportation, shall be allowed to be

Goods may be carried coastwise in Ireland, without Cocquet or Bond, under Regulations of this Act.

Proviso as to Goods prohibited to be exported or liable to Duty above 51. or entitled to Drawback, or having been warehoused and afterwords carried coastwise to another Warehouse for Exportation.

122

C. 26.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Proviso as to shipping Goods allowed to be carried coastwise without Cocquet.

Forging, &c. Warrant, Sec, Penalty 5001.

If the Goods shipped exceed the Quantity in the Cocquet, Sufferance, & c. such Excess forfeited.

Commissioners of Customs may authorise Officers at Creeks, &c* to

removed, or shipped, or carried coastwise in any Ship, Vessel, Boat or Hoy, from any Port, Haven or Creek in Ireland, until the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command thereof, shall have taken out a Cocquet or Cocquets, and become bound to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the Delivery and Discharge of such Goods, Wares or Merchandise, in such manner as is required by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares and Merchandise by this Act intended to be allowed to be carried coastwise without Cocquet and Bond, shall and may be shipped and laden on board any Ship, Vessel, Boat or Hoy, British or Irish built, and owned by British or Irish Subjects, and navigated according to Law, and in none other, at any Port, Haven or Creek in Ireland, by Warrant or Sufferance, and shall and may be removed and carried forth to the open Sea, to be landed at any other Port or Place in Ireland, by Transire or Letpass only.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whatever shall counterfeit, rase, alter or falsify any Warrant, Cocquet, Sufferance, Transire or Letpass, or any Custom Warrant, Document or Instrument, or any Indorsement thereon, or any of them, by this Act or the said hereinbefore recited Act required, every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and the Warrant, Cocquet, Sufferance, Transire or Letpass, Document or other Instrument, and Endorsement, so counterfeited, rased or falsified, shall respectively be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

V. And for me better preventing Frauds in the shipping of any Goods, Wares or Merchandise, to be carried coastwise as aforesaid, be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act, if after the shipping of any Goods, Wares or Merchandise, to be carried coastwise as aforesaid, and after the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship, Vessel, Boat or Hoy in which the same shall be shipped, shall have received a Cocquet, Warrant, Sufferance, Transire, Letpass or other Coast Document, as is directed or required by this or any former Act, expressing or endorsed with the Particulars of the Goods, Wares or Merchandise which have been shipped, it shall be found by any Officer of the Customs on Examination thereof, that the said Goods, Wares and Merchandise shipped or laden cm board, shall exceed in Quantity the Particulars of the Goods, Wares and Merchandise expressed either in the Cocquet, Transire or Letpass, or other Coast Document aforesaid, obtained for the removing or carrying the same coastwise, or on the Endorsement to be made upon any Warrant, Sufferance, Letpass or other Document, as by this or any former Act is directed, all such Goods, Wares or Merchandise, as shall exceed the Quantity so authorised to be carried coastwise as aforesaid, shall be forfeited and may be seised by any Officer of the Customs.

VI. And Whereas Ships and Vessels, employed in the Coasting Trade of Ireland, frequently take in their Lading* at Creeks, Havens and Harbours where there are no Officers of the Customs authorised to take the Coast Bond, or to grant the Warrant,

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 26. 123

Cocquet, Sufferance, Transire or Letpass required by Law, and great Inconvenience and Expense has arisen to the Merchants ' and Traders, and to Masters of such Ships or Vessels, in consequence thereof For Remedy whereof, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, or any Three of them, whenever it shall appear to be necessary and proper, for the Relief and Accommodation of the Coasting Trade of Ireland, to authorise and require any Officer or Officers of the Customs, stationed at any Creek, Haven or Harbour of Ireland, at which any Goods, Wares or Merchandise may be shipped, in order to be carried coastwise within the same, to take the Coast Bond, and to grant the Warrant, Sufferance, Cocquet, Transire, Letpass or other Documents required to be given for the Clearance of such Vessels, and for the Shipping, Delivery and Discharge of such Goods, Wares or Merchandise in the Port or Place for which the same shall have been entered, or in some other Port or Place in Ireland, as the Case may be, and for returning to the proper Officer of the Customs of the Port where any Coast Bond shall have been given, the Certificate or other Document which in any such Case may be required to be produced to them from the Officer or Officers of the Customs of the Port, Haven, Creek or Harbour where such Goods, Wares or Merchandise are intended to be landed and discharged, certifying that such Goods, Wares or Merchandise were there landed and discharged accordingly; and every Coast Bond, Warrant, Sufferance, Transire, Letpass, Certificate or other Document taken or granted by and in the Presence of any such Officer or Officers, shall be deemed and taken to be as valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if taken or granted at the Custom House by and in the Presence of the Collector, Comptroller or other proper Officer of the Customs for the Port to which such Creek, Haven or Harbour may belong or appertain; any thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VII. And Whereas several of the Duties now due and payable on certain Documents required to be taken out on the Entry, 4 Clearance and Discharge of Goods, Wares and Merchandise brought and carried coastwise, or from one Port in Ireland to another Port therein, pursuant to an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to make Provision for enabling the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, to erect, repair and maintain Light Houses round the Coasts of Ireland, and to raise a Fund for the Discharge thereof; and also pursuant to another Act, passed in the Fifty sixth Ifear of His said late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for erecting an Harhour for Ships to the Eastward of Dunleary, within the Port of Dublin, are found to be productive of Inconvenience, and to operate to] the Discouragement of the Coasting Trade of Ireland; and it is therefore expedient to repeal certain of the said Duties; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act, so much of the said first recited Act of the Fifty second Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, as imposes upon every Entry inwards, and on

take Cottt Bonds, and grant Cocquets, Sufferances, &c.

Coast Bond, &c. so taken or granted valid.

Certain Duties on Entries under

52 O. J. c. 115.

(as to Light Houses) and certain Duties of Tonnage, and on Invoices, &c. under

56 G. 3. c. 62. Sch.

(for Dunleary Harbour) repealed as to Coasting Vessels.

C. 26.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

No Bond for the Delivery of Goods to be charged with a' Stamp Duty, except Bonds for certain Goods to be carried coastwise.

SO G* S» c. 389

Penalties to be recovered by Laws of Customs or Excise and Taxes in Ireland.

every Entry outwards, of any Ship or Vessel made in any Port of Irelandr, and upon every Entry, Cocquet or Warrant in any such Port for landing or unshipping, or for shipping any Goods, Wares or Merchandise inwards or outwards, brought or carried from any Port in Ireland to any other Port therein, where the Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandise shall not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, the Sum of Sixpence; and where such Value shall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, the Sum of Two Shillings, so far as the said Duties apply to any Ship or Vessel entering upwards or outwards coastwise, or to any Entry, Cocquet or Warrant for any Goods, Wares or Merchandise, shipped to or brought from any Port in Ireland to any other Port therein, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that so much of the said last recited Act, passed in the Fifty sixth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, as imposes on every Vessel coming coastwise from any Port in Ireland, and which shall enter the Port and Harbour of Dublin, a Duty on the Burthen thereof per Ton of Two Pence; also upon each and every Invoice, Outvoice, Coast Cocquet, Cross Channel Cocquet, General Receipt, Tobacco or any other Receipt, and Luggage Permit, which may be had, got, passed or procured at any Custom House within the Port and Harbour of Dublin, a Duty of Two Shillings; upon each and every Coast Permit and Cross Channel Permit, a Duty of Two Shillings; also upon each and every Ship which shall enter the said Port and Harbour of Dublin, for Anchorage, Slippage and City Dues, a Sum or Duty of Seven Shillings and Sixpence, so far as the said several Duties apply to Ships, Vessels or other Bottoms entering the Port and Harbour of Dublin, inwards or outwards, coastwise, or to any Goods, Wares or Merchandise brought from any Port in Ireland to Dublin, or carried from Dublin to any other Port in Ireland, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act, in all Cases where, notwithstanding this Act, Security is by Law to be taken, by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs in Ireland, for any Matter or Cause relating to the carrying or removing any Goods, Wares or Merchandise coastwise in Ireland, no Bond or Bonds for the Delivery or Discharge of such Goods, Wares or Merchandise, at any Port or Place in Ireland, shall be charged or chargeable with, or subject or liable to any of the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, save and except the Duties on such Bonds as may be taken for the due Delivery at any Port in Ireland of any Goods intended to be removed coastwise, which have been secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duties, pursuant to an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for extending the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, for permitting certain Goods imported into Ireland to be warehoused or secured without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being first paid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act, shall be paid, levied and recovered in British Currency, and shall and may be sued for, recovered, levied and applied in such Manner and Form, and

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 26, 27. 125

by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers and Authorities, as are prescribed, directed and appointed in and by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if the same were herein particularly mentioned and enacted, and with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Parties who shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved or injured as is provided by the said Acts or any of them.

X. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to regulate the Appointment and Tenure of the Office of Clerk of the Peace in Ireland.

[30th June 1820.]

WHEREAS it is most desirable that the Statute Law of England and Ireland should be assimilated in its Provisions as far as may be practicable and consistent with the relative Situations of the said Parts of the United Kingdom, and particularly respecting the Appointment to and Tenure of Offices and

Discharge of official Duties concerning the Courts of Justice ' thereof:' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Custos Rotulorum, or other Person or Persons to whom of right it doth or shall belong to nominate or appoint the Clerk of the Peace for any County, County of a City, Division or other Place in Ireland, shall from time to time, when the Office of the Clerk of the Peace now is or hereafter shall be void, nominate and appoint one able and sufficient Person residing in the said County, County of a City, Division or other Place for which he is so appointed or to be appointed, Clerk of the Peace, to execute the same by himself or his sufficient Deputy; and to take and receive the Fees, Profits and Perquisites thereof, for so long Time as such Clerk of the Peace shall well demean himself in his said Office.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Person who, at any time before the passing of this Act, shall have been appointed to the Office of Clerk of the Peace for any County, or County of a City, or County of a Town, in Ireland, shall continue to hold and enjoy such Office for so long Time only as such Clerk of the Peace shall well demean himself in his said Office; any Grant, Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall prevent the Removal or Discharge, in manner hereinafter mentioned, of any Clerk of the Peace for any Offence or Misdemeanor by him committed before the passing of this Act.

IV. And be it enacted, That if any Clerk of the Peace already nominated or to be nominated as aforesaid, shall misdemean himself in the Execution of the said Office, and thereupon a Complaint

Act may be altered, &c. this Session.

By whom Clerk of the Peace to be appointed.

Existing Clerks of the Ffeace to hold during good Behaviour.

Proviso for Discharge of Clerks <3* the Peace for Offences.

Quarter Sessions may discharge Clerk of the Peace.

ne

C. 27.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Notice of Complaint;

and may nominate upon Vacancy, in case not done by Custos Rotulorum, &c.

New Clerk of the Peace liable to Penalties.

Appeal by discharged Clerk of the Peace to the Court of King's Bench against such Discharge or Nomination.

and Charge in Writing of such Misdemeanor shall be exhibited against him to the Justices of the Peace in their General Quarter Sessions, it shall be lawful for the said Justices, not fewer than Seven being assembled, or the major Part of them, from time to time, upon Examination and due Proof thereof, and upon Proof that a Copy of the said Complaint was personally served upon the said Clerk of the Peace, at least Thirty Days prior to the said Quarter Sessions, accompanied by a Notice of intending then and there to bring and forward the said Complaint against him, openly in their said General Quarter Sessions, to discharge him from the said Office; and that in such Case, the Custos Rotulorum, or other Person or Persons to whom it shall of right belong to nominate and appoint the Clerk of the Peace for such County, County of a City, Division or Place, shall nominate and appoint one other able and sufficient Person residing in the said County, County of a City, Division or Place as aforesaid, to be Clerk of the Peace in the Place of such Person so removed as aforesaid; and in case of Refusal or Neglect to make such Nomination and Appointment before the next General Quarter Sessions to be holden after the said Refusal or Neglect, that it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices of the Peace, at their General Quarter Sessions for the said County, County of a City, Division or Place, or the major Part of them, to nominate and appoint one able and sufficient Person residing in the said County, County of a City, Division or Place, to be Clerk of the Peace in the Place of such Person so removed as aforesaid, to have, hold and enjoy the said Office of Clerk of the Peace, and to execute the same by himself or his sufficient Deputy, and to receive the Fees, Profits and Perquisites thereof; unless such Custos, or such other Person or Persons naving the Right of Nomination, shall nominate or appoint, within Six Months, another able and sufficient Person to be Clerk of the Peace.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such Clerk appointed by such Justices shall be liable and subject to all the Penalties, Forfeitures, Conditions, Limitations and Provisions herein and hereby mentioned and expressed; and may be removed or discharged by the said Justices, or the major Part of them, in such Manner and Way as is above specified.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Clerk of the Peace, who shall be so discharged and removed by the said Justices from his said Office, or the Person or Persons who shall have nominated or appointed such Clerk of the Peace, or who shall claim any Right to nominate or appoint such Clerk of the Peace or his Successor, shall feel himself or themselves aggrieved by any such Discharge or Removal, or by any Appointment of any Person to succeed such Clerk of the Peace so discharged or removed; it shall be lawful for such Clerk of the Peace, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, at any Time within Six Months after such Removal, to appeal to His Majesty's Court of King's Bench in Dublin against such Removal or Discharge, or against such Appointment of such Justices, as the Case may be; and it shall be lawful for the said Court of King's Bench to examine into all the Circumstances of such Discharge or Removal, or of such Appointment, and to confirm or avoid the

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 27. 127

same, as to the said Court shall seem fitting and expedient; and to direct any Clerk of the Peace so discharged or removed to be restored, or any Clerk of the Peace so appointed by the said Justices to be removed, as the Nature of the Case shall require; and to make such Order and Determination respecting such Discharge or Removal, or respecting such Appointment, as to the said Court shall seem fitting and expedient.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Custos Rotulorum, or other Person or Persons to whom of right it doth or shall belong to nominate, elect or appoint any Clerk of the Peace, to sell the said Place of Clerk of the Peace, or to take any Bond or other Assurance to receive or have any Reward, Money, Fee or Profit, directly or indirectly, to him or any other Person, for such nominating, electing or appointing; but that every such Custos Rotulorum or other Person or Persons that shall so sell the Clerkship of the Peace, and every Clerk of the Peace who shall so buy his Place, are hereby disabled to hold their Places of Custos Rotulorum or Clerkship of the Peace, and shall also each of them respectively forfeit Double the Sum or Value, or other Thing that shall be so given or taken; to be recovered by him or them, to their own Use, that shall sue for the same; to be prosecuted by any Action of Debt, Suit, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts at Dublin, wherein no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law shall lie.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk of the Peace hereafter to be appointed, before he enter upon the Execution of his said Office, shall in open Sessions make and sign the Oath following; videlicet:

I A.B. do swear, That I have not, nor will pay any Sum or 1 Sums of Money or other Reward whatsoever, nor given any Bond or other Assurance to pay any Money, Fee or Profit, 4 directly or indirectly, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for such Nomination or Appointment, except so far as I am warranted to do by the Provisions of the Act of the Forty ninth of George the Third, to prevent the Sale and Brokerage of Offices,

and m conformity to the Provisions of the said Act; and that I

will not ask, demand or accept any Fee, Gratuity or Emolument, 4 for the Performance of the Duties of my Office of Clerk of the Peace, greater or other than the Fees which are or shall be

annexed by Law to the Discharge of the Duties thereof.

'So help me GOD. '

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk of the Peace now in Possession of such Office, shall within the Space of Three Months after the passing of this Act, in open Sessions, make and sign the Oath following; videlicet:

I A.B. do swear, That I will not ask, demand or accept any Fee, Gratuity or Emolument for the Performance of the Duties of my Office of Clerk of the Peace, greater or other than the Fees which are or shall be annexed by Law to the Discharge of the Duties thereof. So help me GOD. '

X. And be it further enacted, That such Oaths shall be filed in the Register's Office of the Court of King's Bench in Ireland,

Custos Rotulorum not to sell or to take Fees, &c. for Appointment of Clerk of the Peace.

Penalty on Buyer and Seller.

Clerk of the Peace hereafter to be appointed to make the following Oath.

Clerk of the Peace now in possession to make the following Oath.

Oaths to be filed in Register's Office of

C. 27, 28.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

the Court of King* Bench.

Penalty 1001.

Proviso for Claims of Right of Appointment.

50 G. 3. c. 30. repealed.

Grand Juries at Assizes may present for Coroners holding Inquest, any Sum not exceeding 5L 5s. for each Inquest since the then last preceding Assizes.

No Money to be presented, unless Cerdfi-

within Three Months after the same shall have been so subscribed; and that any Clerk of the Peace who shall neglect or omit so to register such Oaths, or shall act in any manner in contravention thereof, shall incur the . Penalty of One hundred Pounds, to be sued for and recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at the Four Courts Dublin, and not elsewhere; in which no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; One Moiety to be for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to in any ways affect the Right of any Persons who may claim under or by virtue of any Appointment to the Office of any Clerk of the Peace of any County, County of a City, or County of a Town, in Ireland, which shall have been made at any time before the passing of this Act.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to repeal an Act made in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for regulating the Fees of Coroners in Ireland, upon holding Inquisitions, and to make other Provisions for that Purpose.

[30th June 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to regulate the Fees payable to Coroners in Ireland, upon holding Inquisitions: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Act should he repealed, and that other Regulations should

be made for the Payment of Coroners in such Cases; \Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in [this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the said recited Act shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of every County, County of a City, and County of a Town in Ireland, at every Assizes or Presenting Term, to present any Sum not exceeding Five Guineas for each and every Inquest whith any Coroner within such County, County of a City, or County of a Town, shall have held upon the Body of any. Person at any time since the then last preceding Assizes or Presenting Term, to be levied off the County, County of a City, or County of a Town at large, or off any Barony, Parish or other Denomination within such County, County of a City, or County of a Town, as such Grand Jury shall think most advisable; and such Sums, when levied, shall be paid to the Treasurer of such County, County of a City, or County of a Town, and shall by him be paid to the Coroners who shall have held such Inquests respectively, and for whose Remuneration such Sums shall be specifically presented.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Grand Jury to make any Presentment for any Rely muneration

1° GEO. IV. C. 28. 129

numeration to any such Coroner, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, in respect of any such Inquisition, unless a Certificate or Certificates of each and every such Inquest respectively, taken by such Coroners respectively, made and signed by such Coroners respectively, in the Form set . forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, shall have been previously laid before the Grand Jury; and it shall be lawful for the Grand Juries at the Assizes respectively, or Presenting Term, to examine such Coroners upon Oath as to the Truth of such Certificates, in case such Grand Jury shall think fit so to do.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no greater Sum than Forty Guineas shall be presented at any one Assizes or Presenting Term as aforesaid, for the Remuneration of any Coroner or Coroners in respect of all the Inquests which shall have been held within the County, County of a City, or County of a Town, since the then last preceding Assizes or Presenting Term.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case the Number of Inquests holden in any County, County of a City, or County of a Town, in the Period since, the then last preceding Assizes or Presenting Term, and in respect of which Remuneration shall be claimed under this Act, shall exceed the Number of Eight, it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of such County, County of a City, or County of a Town, to present the Sum of Forty Guineas, to be levied in Manner aforesaid, and to be divided among such Coroners in such Proportion as such Grand Jury shall think proper.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no larger Sum than Five Guineas shall be presented for any Cotoner for attending on any one Inquest, and that no larger Sum in the whole than Forty Guineas shall be presented to be levied at any one Assizes or Presenting Term, for the Payment of the Remuneration of all the Coroners on all such Inquests as aforesaid.

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County, County of a City, or County of a Town, to present any Money to be paid to any Coroner who shall appear to them to have teen guilty of Neglect of Duty, in not attending to take any Inquest; nor in any Case to present any Money for the Remuneration of any Coroner, for or in respect of any Inquest, other than such as shall have been held since the then last preceding Assizes or Presenting Term; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any Coroner in any County of a City in Ireland (who is now or shall be hereafter appointed a Coroner by virtue of the Charter of such County of a City) , from receiving any Payment or Presentment to which he is entitled by virtue of any local Acts relating to such County of a City; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

1 Geo. IV. K SCHEDULE

oate of Coroner shall have been laid before the Grand Jury.

Proviso as to Amount of Sum to be presented at any one Assize.

If Inquests exceed Eight Grand Jury may present 42l.

Not more than 51. 5a. for one Inquest; nor more than 42L at one Assize.

Grand Jury not to present for Coroner guilty of Neglect, Sec *

Proviso for Coroners receiving Payment for County of a City, &e.

SO

C. 28, 29.

V GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

54 O. 3. c. 128.

§ 1,

Governors empowered to make Orders for suspending and to suspend, &c. Admissions at their Discretion.

Such Orden not valid until approved by Lord Lieutenant.

SCHEDULE referred to by the foregoing Act.

Form of Certificate of Coroner.

1 J A. B, a Coroner in the County [County of a City, or County of a Town,] of do hereby certify, That

1 on the Day of I held ad

Inquest on the Body of C.D. at in

1 this County [or County of a City, or County of a Town]; and that the Names of the Jurors impannelled on such Inquest were 6 as follow; and that the Names of the

Witnesses examined before such Jurors were as follows;

and that the Verdict of

such Jury was All which I

1 certify. Dated this - Day of

A.B.

4 Coroner of the County [County of a City or County of a Town] of /

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to enlarge the Powers of the Governors of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin.

[30th June 1820.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, instituted An Act to amend the several Acts for regulating the Foundling Hospital in Dublin, it was amongst other Things enacted, that it should be lawful for the Governors of the said Hospital, or any Three or more of them, to make Orders for suspending, and to suspend and refuse, in the Cases and under the Restrictions therein mentioned, the Admission of any Children or Child into the said Hospital: And Whereas it is expedient to enlarge the Powers of the said Governors in that respect, on the Terms hereinafter provided Be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Governors of the said Foundling Hospital, or any Three or more of them, from time to time to make Orders for suspending, and to suspend for and during such Time or Times, Period or Periods, as they shall from time to time think proper, the Admission of Infants into the said Hospital; and also to maxe Orders for refusing and to refuse the Admission into the said Hospital of any Infant, or of any Class or Description of Infants, at their Discretion, or for annexing any Condition or Conditions, which they shall think proper, to the Admission of any particular Infant, or of all Infants, or of any Class or Description of Infants, into the said Hospital; any thing in the said recited Act or any other Act or Acts contained, or any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such Order as aforesaid, which shall relate to all Infants, or to any Class or Description of Infants, shall be deemed to be good, valid and

effectual.

1° GEO. IV. C. 29 — 32.

13]

effectual, or to be established as a Rule, until the same shall have been approved of by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for relieving Ewart Rutson and Company of Liverpool, and others, from the Bonds granted for the Duties on certain Spirits accidentally destroyed.

[30th June 1820.]

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty nine Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

[8th July 1820.]

44 TREASURY may raise 29,000,000l. by Exchequer Bills in like manner as is prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1. — § 1. Clauses,

44 &c. in recited Act extended to this Act. § 2. Treasury to apply the Money raised. § 3. Exchequer Bills to be payable out of the Supplies for next Session. § 4. Interest 3\d. per Cent, per Diem. $ 5. Exchequer Bills to be current at the Exchequer after April 5th, 1821. § 6. Bank of England may advance 44 15,000,000l. on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding the " Act 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 20 — § 7"

CAP. XXXII.

An Act to permit the Importation of Coffee from any Foreign Colony or Plantation in America into the Port of Bridge-town in Barbadoes.

[8th July 1820.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year 57 0.3. c. 74.

of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to extend several Acts for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goocls and Merchandise to Porto Maria in the Island of Jamaica, and to the Port of Bridgetown in the Island of Barbadoes, it is enacted, that from and after the passing of that Act, such Goods and Commodities

as, by an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign 45 G. 3. c. 57.

of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to consolidate and ' extend the several Laws now in force for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandises into and 'from certain Ports in the West Indies, may be imported into

and exported from the Ports therein mentioned; and also Rice,

Grain of all sorts, and Flour, may be also imported into and exported from the Port of Bridgetown, in the Island of Barbokoes, in the West Indies, from and to any Colonies and Plantations in America, belonging to and under the Dominion of any Foreign European Sovereign or State, in the like Ships and Vessels, under such Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures for Breach thereof, as are contained, described, and provided in the said Acts, and in

another Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His 50 5* &, I,

152

C. 32, 33.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Foreign Plantation Coffee may be imported into Bridgetown in Barbadoes, according to the said Acts.

26 G. 3. c. 41. and so much of 29 G. 3. c. 53 as relates to the Fisheries, and continued by 32 G. 3. c. 22. 42 G.3. c. 22. 44 G. 3. c. 23. 46 G. 3. c. 29. 48 G. 3. c. 20. 50 G. 3. c. 11. 55 G. 3. c. 39. and' 60 G. 5. Sc

said late Majesty, intituled An Act for amending and continuing so amended, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, an Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for consolidating and extending the several Laws in force for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandise into and from certain Ports in the West Indies, which by a subsequent Act was continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and by one other Act was revived and made perpetual: And Whereas it is expedient to permit the Importation of Coffee, the Produce of any Colony or Plantation in America belonging to and under the Dominion of any Foreign European Sovereign or State, iuto the said Port of Bridgetown in the Island of Barbadoes; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Coffee, the Produce of any Colony or Plantation in America belonging to and under the Dominion of any Foreign European Sovereign or State, may be imported into the Port of Bridgetown, in the Island of Barbadoes, in the West Indies, from any Colony or Plantation in America belonging to and under the Dominion of any Foreign European Sovereign or State, in the like Ships and Vessels, under suen Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Conditions, and subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures for Breach thereof, as are contained, described and provided in the aforesaid Acts.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to amend and continue, until the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, several Laws relating to the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries, to the allowing Vessels employed in the said Fisheries to complete their full Number of Men at certain Ports.

[8th July 1820.]

WHEREAS the Laws hereinafter mentioned have by Experience been found useful and beneficial, ' and it is expedient that the same should be further continued:* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, which was to be in force for Five Years from the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and eighty six; and also so much of an Act made in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Newfoundland, Greenland and Southern Whale Fisheries, as relates to the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights; which by

1° GEO. IV. C.S3.

135

an Act made in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty were amended and continued until the Twenty fifth Day of December Orie thousand seven hundred and ninety eight; and which were by several subsequent Acts further continued; and by Two Acts passed in the Forty second and Forty fourth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty, were amended and further continued; and by several Acts of the Forty sixth, Forty eighth, Fiftieth and Fifty fifth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty, and by an Act of the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, were further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, shall be further continued until the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twenty three.

II. And be it further enacted, That an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for allowing, until the Signature of Preliminary Articles of Peace, Vessels employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery to complete their full Number of Men at certain Ports, which by an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty and an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was revived and continued until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, shall be further continued until the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twenty three.

III. And Whereas by the Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty it is enacted, that every British Ship, before she proceeds in her Voyage to the Greenland Seas or Davis's Streights, should be visited by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs belonging to such Port, who should examine into such Ship or Vessel, and take an account of the Tonnage thereof by Admeasurement, and should certify such his or their Visitation to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs; and if it should appear, by the Certificate of such Officer or Officers, that such Vessel hath on board such a Number of Men, Provisions, Boats, Fishing Lines, and Instruments used in such Fishery as mentioned in the said Act, then and in all such Cases it should be lawful for any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, for the time being, on receiving such Certificates, to give and grant full Licence and Authority to such Vessel to proceed in the said Voyage: And Whereas Inconvenience has been found, particularly in Tide Harbours, from the Delay that must necessarily take place between the Visitation of the Officer on board of the Ship for the Mustering of the Crew, Examination of Provisions, Boats, Fishing Lines, and Instruments used in such Fishery, the Report of such Officer or Officers to the Commissioners of the Customs, and the Return of the Licence from such Commissioners; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Three or more of the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, and they are hereby required, to authorise the Collector or Comptroller, or Chief Officer of the Customs of the Port where any Ship for carrying on the Fishery in the Greenland Seas or Davis's Streights is fitting out, to give and grant a full and sufficient

1 G.4 c. 12. further continued till Dec. 31, 1823.

46 G.3. c. 9. as revived and continued by 55 G. 3. c. 59. and 60 G. 3. & 1 G.4. c. 12. further continued till Dec. 31, 1823.

26 G. 3. c. 41.

1.

Commissioner* of Customs may empower Collector, &c. of Port where Ships are fitting out for Fisheries to grant Licences to proceed on Voyage, on Officer reporting that Regulations have been complied with.

C. 33, 34.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

134

Licence for such Ship to proceed on her Voyage as soon as the proper Officer or Officers shall have visited such Ship, and reported to such Collector, Comptroller or Chief Officer, that the Number of Men, Provisions, Boats, Fishing Lines and Instruments, and all other Requisites required by the said Act of the Twenty sixth Year of His late Majesty aforesaid, are on board such Vessel, and have been duly complied with, in such and the like Manner and as effectually as the Commissioners respectively could have done on receiving such Reports; any thing contained in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for further continuing, until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, so much of an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of His late Majesty as permits Subjects of His Majesty the King of the Netherlands to import and export certain Articles into and from the Colonies of Demerara, Beibice and Essequibo, in Ships not of the Built of the Dominions of His said Majesty.

[8th July 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to regulate the Trade of the Colonies of Demerara, Berbice, and Essequibo; to allow the Importation into and Exportation from such Colonies of certain Articles by Dutch Proprietors of the European Dominions of His Majesty the King of the Netherlands; and to repeal an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting a Trade between the United Provinces and certain Colonies in His Majesty's Possession; in

5 5. 4 which it is among other Things enacted, that it shall and may

be lawful for the Subjects of His Majesty the King of the Netherlands to import into and export from the Colonies of Demerara,

Berbice and Essequibo, certain Articles therein described, in any Ships being the Property of such Subjects, wherever built, and without any Restriction or Limitation as to the Mariners navigating the same, for the Space of Five Years, commencing from the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; And Whereas it is expedient that the Permission to employ such Vessels in the Trade above described should be further continued for a limited Time / Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

Recited Act same, That the Provisions contained in the said recited Act be continued. and the same are hereby continued for and during the Term of Five Years from the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, subject to the Rules and Restrictions When Vessels therein contained; provided that the Master or other Person ?^a°nNMther* having the Charge or Command of any Vessel not being of the Proof given Built of the Dominions of His Majesty the King of the Nether-that they have lands9 in which any such Importation or Exportation shall be been before made, shall, previous to the Entry of the same, produce to the

1° GEO. IV. C. 34, 35.

135

proper Officer of His Majesty's Customs in the safd Colonies re* this Act cm-apectively, satisfactory Proof that such Vessel had been employed ployed in the in such Trade previous to the passing of this Act. Trade.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for the better securing Monies and Effects paid into the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, on account of the Suitors of the said Court, and for the Appointment of an Accountant General and Two Masters of the said Court; and for other Purposes.

[8th July 1820.]

WHEREAS His Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster did, on the Seventeenth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and forty seven, make an Order touching the Money belonging to the Suitors of that Court, whereby after reciting that His Majesty's Remembrancer of the said Court 9* and his Deputy had informed the said Court, that there were standing in the Name of the said Deputy, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and in the Books of the South Sea Company, divers Sums in certain Stocks and Annuities of the said Companies respectively, which had been purchased with the Money of the Suitors of the said Court, or were belonging to them, and that no Declaration of Trust had been or could be made in relation thereto, in the Books of the said several Companies, without an Order of the said Court for that Purpose; it was ordered, that the said Deputy Remembrancer should cause the said Sum to be transferred in the Books of the said Companies into his Name, as Deputy Remembrancer of the said Court, in Trust to attend the Orders of the said Court in the several Causes to which the same respectively belonged; and that for the future all other Sums of Stock or Annuities, or any other transferable Securities for the Benefit of or belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, should be in like Manner transferred in Trust to attend the Orders of the said Court, to be made in the several Causes to which the same should respectively belong; and that the said Deputy Remembrancer should from time to time receive the Dividends or Interests to arise on all the said Securities, in order to apply the same for the Benefit of the Suitors, pursuant to the Orders of the said Court; and by the said Order, certain other Regulations were made for the Conduct of the said Deputy Remembrancer in the Sale and Transfer of such Stocks and Securities, and the Receipt of the Dividends and Interest thereon: And Whereas several Effects of the Suitors of the said Court were and from time to time have been delivered into the Bank of England and elsewhere, and divers Stocks, Funds and Annuities were and have been transferred from time to time in the Books of the Bank of England, South Sea Company, and East India Company, into the Name of the Deputy Remembrancer of the said Court for the time being, and are now standing in the said Books in the Name of Abel Moysey Esquire, the present Deputy Remembrancer of the said Court; but no Declaration of Trust relating thereto has been made in the Books of the said several

Recital of Order of Court of Exchequer at Westminster, 17th July, 1747, as to securing the Suitors Money;

and that Effects, &c. of Suitors disposed of under recited Order.

C. 35.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

No Money, &c. to be paid to Remembrancer (Exception)

after the passing of this Act.

An Accountant General of the said Court to be appointed by the Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer.

Style of such Officer, who is also to he One of the Masters.

Accounts to be kept as Accounts are kept in the Court of Chancery, Ac.

Companies, according to the said Order, and large Sums of 1 Money or Securities for Money belonging to the said Suitors, are now in the Hands, Custody or Power of the said Abel Moysey;

1 and it is expedient that a fit and proper Person should he appointed to be Accountant General of the said Court, in whose Name all Effects, Stocks, Funds, Annuities and Securities belonging to the said Suitors, might become and be from time to time securely vested for the Use of the said Suitors, and who

might keep the Account of the Funds of the said Suitors, but

who should have no Power to dispose of or otherwise inter-

meddle with such Funds, further or otherwise than as hereinafter directed:* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Sum or Sums of Money, Stocks, Funds or Securities whatsoever, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, shall be paid or transferred to or become vested in the Deputy Remembrancer of the said Court, or the King's Remembrancer or his Deputy for the time being, otherwise than as hereinafter is directed; any thing in the said recited Order, or any Law, Usage or Custom of the said Court to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And, to the end that the Accounts between the Suitors of the said Court of Exchequer and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and every other Body Politic or Corporate or Company whom it may concern, may be more regularly and plainly kept, and the State of such Accounts be at all times seen and known, be it enacted, That as soon as may be after the passing of this Act, there shall be appointed by the Lord Chief Baron of the said Court of Exchequer, by Writing under his Hand and Seal, to be duly enrolled among the Records of the said Court, One Person who shall act and do all Matters and Things relating to the delivering, securing and investing of the Money and Effects of the Suitors of the said Court, and the Payment, selling, and transferring of the same, and the keeping the Accounts w ith the Bank of England, or any other Body Politic or Corporate, or Company, and other Matters relating thereto; which said Officer 4o to be appointed shall be called "The Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer," and such Person shall also be one of the Masters of the said Court, and shall hold such Offices during his good Behaviour in the said Offices; and Accounts shall be raised and kept causew'ise in the Books of the Bank of England, and of every other Body Politic or Corporate or Company whom it may concern, to be respectively intituled The Account of A. B, the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, M for and on behalf of the Suitors of the said Court, in like Manner as such Accounts are kept between the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery and the Bank of England ', or any other Body Politic or Corporate or Company; and all such Rules, Methods, and Directions as by this Act are prescribed to the Suitors of the said Court of Exchequer, or to the said Accountant General of the 6&id Court, or to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any other Body Politic or

A.D. 1820.

1° GEO. IV. C. 35. 137

Corporate or Company, or as shall or may be ordered or prescribed by the said Court of Exchequer, or by the Lord Chief Baron, or by the Baron to be nominated and appointed by His Majesty, under and by virtue of the Act hereinafter mentioned, from time to time, as to the delivering, securing and investing, or the paying, selling or transferring of the Monies, Stocks, Funds, Securities and Effects of the Suitors of the said Court of Exchequer, shall be observed by the Suitors, the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and every other Body Politic or Corporate or Company, and the Accountant General, under the Provisions of this Act.

III. And, to the end that all Misapplication or wasting of the Suitors' Money may be entirely prevented, be it therefore enacted, That the Accountant General of the said Court of Exchequer for the time being shall not meddle with the actual Receipt of any of the Money or Effects of the Suitors of the said Court, but shall only keep the Account thereof with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and every other Body Politic or Corporate or Company whom it may concern; and such Accountant General observing the Rules by this Act prescribed, or hereafter to be prescribed to him by the said Court of Exchequer, shall not be answerable for any Money or Effects which he shall not actually receive; and the Bank of England, or such other Body Politic or Corporate, or Company, shall be answerable for all the Monies and Effects of the Suitors which are or shall be actually received by them respectively.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Mortgages, Stocks, Funds, Annuities, and such other transferrable Securities, to be hereafter taken by the Directions of the said Court, or of the Lord Chief Baron, or other Baron to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid for the Benefit of the Suitors, shall, if appointed to be taken in the Name of any Officer of the said Court, be taken in the Name of the said Accountant General; and that in all such transferrable Securities to be hereafter taken in his Name, the particular Trust shall be specified and inserted in the Security itself, and such other Rules and Methods of Proceeding shall be had and observed with respect to such transferrable Securities by the Accountant General and others, as in and by this Act are directed, or as shall be directed by the said Court of Exchequer, or by the Lord Chief Baron, or other Baron to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, to be observed by the Accountant General for the time being, and all other Persons respectively.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Acts to be done by any such Accountant General for the time being, under any Order or Orders, Decree or Decrees of the said Court of Exchequer, or of the Lord Chief Baron, or other Baron to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, touching any Real or Personal Estate, Property or Effects by this Act vested or intended to be vested in any such Accountant General, and in succeeding Accountants General, shall by force of this Act be deemed and taken to be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon after the passing of this Act as any Person shall be appointed to be Accountant General of the said Court of Exchequer, all Stocks,

Funds,

Accountant General not I# meddle with Receipt of the Suitors' Money, but only keep Account with the Bank, and not be answerable, &c.

Mortgages, Securities, &c. to be taken, and remain in the Name of the Accountant General.

Acts done by Accountant General under Order of Court declared valid.

All Funds and Securities standing in the Nama of the

C. 35.

1 GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

present Deputy Remembrancer, to become vested in and transferred to the Account of the Accountant General, upon his Appointment,

without any Act to be done, &c. by the said Deputy Remembrancer;

and subject to all such Trusts as before.

Funds, Annuities and Securities whatsoever, which at the Time of the Appointment of such Accountant General shall be standing in the Name of the said AM Moysey, as the Deputy Remembrancer of the said Court, or of any Deputy Remembrancer of the said Court for the time being, in the Books of the Bank of England, or in the Books of the South Sea Company, or in the Books of the East India Company, or in the Books of any Body Politic or Corporate or Company whatever; and all such Exchequer Bills or other Securities, which at any time before the Appointment of such Accountant General snail have been transferred into or vested in the Name of, or shall be in the Custody or Power of the said Abel Moysey, or of the Deputy Remembrancer for the time being, by or on behalf of any of the Suitors of the said Court, pursuant to the said hereinbefore recited Order, or any other Order or Decree of the same Court, or Loyd Chief Baron, or other Baron to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, or which shall have been purchased pursuant to any Decree or Order of the same Court, or Lord Chief Baron, or other Baron to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, in the Name of the said Abel Moysey, or of any Deputy Remembrancer of the said Court; and all Real and Personal Estate, Effects and Property whatsoever, which by virtue of the said hereinbefore recited Order, or any Order or Decree of the said Court of Exchequer, or Lord Chief Baron, or other Baron to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, or by virtue of any Conveyance, Assignment, Transfer, Obligation or otherwise, shall at any time before the Appointment of such Accountant General have been conveyed, assigned or transferred, or made payable or secured to the said AM Moysey, as Deputy Remembrancer, or to the Deputy Remembrancer of the said Court for the time being, as such Deputy Remembrancer, and which shall not have been applied to the Trusts and Purposes to which the same were applicable, under the Order or Direction of the said Court, shall immediately upon the Appointment of any Person to be such Accountant General of the said Court as aforesaid, under the Provisions of this Act, become, and the same are hereby declared to be vested in such Accountant General in right of his Office by force of this Act, and without any Act or Deed whatsoever to be done or executed by the said Abel Moy$ey, his Heirs, Executors or Administrators, or by any Deputy Remembrancer of the said Court for the time being, or by his Heirs, Executors or Administrators, or any Person or Persons claiming under him, them or any of them, notwithstanding any such Interest may have been vested in or conveyed, assigned, transferred and made payable to or secured to the said Abel Moysey, or to such Deputy Remembrancer for the time being, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, or any of them, and shall and may be proceeded upon by and in the Name of such Accountant General, in right of his Office, by any Action or Suit at Law or in Equity, or in any other Manner as the same might have been proceeded upon by or in the Name or Names of the said Abel Moysey, or of such Deputy Remembrancer for the time being, or his Heirs, Executors or Administrators, and shall be subject to all such Trusts as the same were before respectively subject to; and all such Funds, Stocks, Annuities and Securities,

1° GEO. IV. C. 35. 139

curities, as shall at the Time of the Appointment of such Ac- Funds, &c. countant General be standing in the Name of the said Abel carried to the Moysey, as Deputy Remembrancer as aforesaid, or of any Deputy Credit of the Remembrancer of the said Court for the time being, in the Books Generri*^the of the said Bank of England, South Sea Company, and East India Books of the Company, or in the Books of any Body Politic or Corporate or Bank, &c. Company, shall upon the Appointment of such Accountant General be carried by the proper Officers of the said Companies respectively to the Credit of the said Accountant General, as such Accountant General, in the Books of the said Bank of England, South Sea Company, East India Company, or other Body Politic or Corporate respectively; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament for the Creation or Regulation of any such Funds, Stocks, Annuities, or Securities, or any other Act or Acts to the contrary thereof, in anywise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon after An Account of the passing of this Act as any Person shall be appointed to be all Stock, Cash. Accountant General of the said Court of Exchequer, pursuant to Exchequer the Directions of this Act, the said Abel Moysey, the present ^e^and* of Deputy Remembancer of the said Court, or his Executors or Ad- prw#nt Da-ministrators, or any Deputy Remembrancer of the said Court for puty lUmem-the time being, or his Executors or Administrators, shall, without brancer, to ba Delay, make up Accounts with such Accountant General, or any UP» "d other Person thereto authorised by the said Court of Exchequer, or Lord Chief Baron, or other Baron to be nominated and ap- Bank, &c. pointed as aforesaid, of all Stocks, Funds, Annuities or Securi* ta the Account ties, which shall be standing in the Name of the said Abel Moysey, of the Account-or any Deputy Remembrancer of the said Court for the time ntGenaraL being, as such Deputy Remembrancer, in the Books of the Bank of England, South Sea Company, or East India Company, or in the Books of any other Body Politic or Corporate or Company; and that the said Abel Moysey, or any Deputy Remembrancer of the said Court for the time being, his Executors or Administrators, shall also, without Delay, make out a true and perfect Schedule of all Cash, Exchequer Bills, Bonds, Mortgages, Tallies, Orders and Effects whatsoever, deposited or remaining in his Custody, Power or Disposal, or standing in his Name as Deputy Remembrancer, and of all Monies which shall have been paid into the said Bank of England, or to the said Abel Moysey, as Deputy Remembrancer as aforesaid, or any Deputy Remembrancer of the said Court for the time being, under or by virtue of the said hereinbefore recited Order, or of any other Order, or any Decree of the said Court of Exchequer, or Lord Chief Baron, or other Baron to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, and which shall not have been invested in any such Stocks, Funds or Annuities; and that the said Abel Moysey, or any Deputy Remembrancer of the said Court for the time being, and his Executors or Administrators, shall swear to the Truth and Accuracy of such Schedule according to the best of his and their Knowledge and Belief; and the said Abel Moysey, or any Deputy Remembrancer of the said Court for the time being, or his Executors or Administrators, shall, according to such Schedule, deliver and pay all such Cash, Exchequer Bills, Bonds,

Mortgages, Tolies, Orders and Effects, into the Bank of England,

HO

On Death, Resignation, &c. of Accountant General, all Property in the Suitors Money shall rest in his Successors;

without any Act to be done by Accountant General resigning, Ac.

C. 35. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

to the Credit and Account of the Person so to be appointed the Accountant General of the said Court of Exchequer; and at the Time of such Payment or Delivery, the said Abel Moysey, or any Deputy Remembrancer of the said. Court for the time being, their or his Executors or Administrators, shall receive, from One of the Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, a Receipt or Certificate, stating the Amount of such Cash, Exchequer Bills, Bonds, Mortgages, Tallies, Orders and Effects, so delivered and paid into the said Bank; and such Receipt or Certificate, and such Schedule, shall be delivered into the said Court of Exchequer upon Oath, to be there filed and enrolled as the said Court, or the Lord Chief Baron of the said Court, or the Baron to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, shall order or direct; and all such Stocks, Funds or Securities, and also all such Cash, Exchequer Bills, Bonds, Mortgages, Tallies, Orders and Effepts, shall be carried to the Credit and Account of the said Accountant General of the said Court of Exchequer, and be placed causewise in the Books to be kept for that Purpose, or in such other Manner as shall be ordered by the said Court of Exchequer, or by the Lord Chief Baron of the said Court, or by the Baron to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid; and the said Abel Moy-sey, or any Deputy Remembrancer of the said Court for the time being, his Executors and Administrators, shall thereupon be indemnified and discharged of and from all Stocks, Funds, Annuities, Monies, Securities, Deposits and Effects of the said Suitors, transferred to or vested in such Accountant General, or actually paid and delivered into the Bank of England as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which by virtue of this Act, or of any Act of Parliament, Conveyance, Assignment, Transfer, Obligation or Security, any Interest in Real or Personal Estate, Effects or Property, shall be vested in, conveyed, assigned, transferred, made payable to or secured to the Accountant General of the said Court of Exchequer for the time being, as such Accountant General, and in respect of his Office, all such Real and Personal Estate, Effects and Property whatsoever, upon the Death, Removal or Resignation of each and every Accountant General of the said Court, from time to time and as often as the same shall happen, and the Appointment of a Successor shall take place, shall (subject to the same Trusts as the same were before respectively subject to) vest in the succeeding Accountant General by force of this Act, and without any Act or Deed whatever to be done by the Accountant General resigning or removed, or by the Heirs, Executors or Administrators of any Accountant General resigning, removed or dying, or by any Person or Persons claiming under him, them or any of them, and notwithstanding any such Interest may have been expressed to be vested in, conveyed, assigned, transferred, made payable to or secured to the Accountant General of the said Court, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, or any of them, and shall and may be proceeded upon in the Name of such succeeding Accountant General, by any Action or Suit in Law or Equity, or in any other Manner, as the same might have been proceeded upon by or in the Name or Names of such Accountant General

is

1° GEO. IV.

141

C. *5.

to resigning, removed or dying, hts Heirs, Executors or Administrators.

IX. And be it further enacted, That whenever at any time after the First Appointment of a Person to be Accountant General of the said Court of Exchequer as aforesaid, any Person or Persons shall be ordered by the said Court of Exchequer, or by the Lord Chief Baron of the said Court, or by the Baron to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, to pay any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Exchequer Bills, Bills of Exchange or other negotiable Securities, in any Cause or Matter before the said Court, into the Bank of England, to the Account of the Accountant General of the said Court, the Party upon whom the Order for Payment of such Money shall be made, shall, with the Privity of such Accountant General for the time being, pay the same into the Bank of England, to the Account of the Accountant General of the said Court, and the Party so paying any such Sum shall take a Receipt for the same from One of the Cashiers of the said Bank of England, which Receipt shall be delivered to the said Accountant General of the said Court, who shall thereupon make and sign a Certificate of such Payment, which Certificate shall be countersigned by and shall be filed with the Clerk of the Reports hereinafter directed to be appointed; and that whenever at any time after the said Appointment of a Person to be Accountant General of the said Court as aforesaid, any Money shall by the said Court of Exchequer, or by the Lord Chief Baron of the said Court, or by the Baron to be nominated and appointed as'aforesaid, be ordered to be invested in Government or other Securities, the Species of the particular Securities in which the same shall be directed to be invested shall be mentioned in the Order to be made for that Purpose; and in case any such Securities shall consist of Public Funds, Stocks or Annuities, the same shall be transferred into the Name of the said Accountant General; and that every such Transfer shall contain a Declaration of Trust, in the Books of the said Bank of England, that such Funds, Stocks or Annuities, are 60 transferred in Trust to attend the Orders of the said Court of Exchequer; and in case any such Securities shall consist of East India Bonds, Exchequer Bills, Tallies or Orders, the same shall be delivered into the Bank of England, and placed to the Account of the Accountant General of the said Court, in the Books of the said Bank, as hereinbefore directed, subject to the Orders of the said Court of Exchequer; and if any of the Securities shall consist of Stocks or Annuities of the Bank of England, the East India Company or South Sea Company, or any other Body Politic or Corporate, such Stock or Annuities shall be transferred into the Name of such Accountant General, and that every such Transfer shall contain an Entry or Declaration of Trust in the Books of the respective Companies, that such Stocks or Annuities are so transferred in Trust to attend the Orders of the said Court of Exchequer; and the said Accountant General shall take a Certificate thereof from the proper Officer of the Company whom it may concern, and shall deliver such Certificate into the Bank, in order that One of the Cashiers of the Bank may receive the Dividends thereupon; and the said Accountant General shall make a Report or Certificate of all such Securities to the said

All Payment* of Money under Orders of the Court to be made into the Bank to the Account of the Accountant General.

Receipt.

Certificate.

Orders of the Court of Exchequer to state in what Securities Money invested.

East India Bonds, See. to be delivered into the Bank; and Certificates of Transfer of Eafct India Stock, See. taken by Accountant General;

who shall report on such Securities.

C. $5,

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Bank to receive ell Interest of Funds, &c. and Principal of Exchequer Bills, and carry the same to Credit of Accountant General.

Accountant General to empower a Cashier to receive Dividends.

How Money to be repaid out of the Bank.

Certificate by

Accountant

General.

Court of Exchequer, which Report or Certificate shall be filed with the Clerk of the Reports, and shall specify the Dates and Numbers of such Bonds, Tallies and Orders, and the Quantities of such Stocks or Annuities, and the Time of the Transfer of such Stocks or Annuities into the Name of such Accountant General.

X. And be it further enacted, That One of the Cashiers of the Bank of England shall at all times hereafter, from time to time, receive all Interest due upon all Exchequer Bills and other Securities delivered in or deposited at the said Bank on account of the said Accountant General, and also all the Principal Money becoming due on such Exchequer Bills, or, if so directed by the said Accountant General, shall receive new Exchequer Bills in lieu of any Exchequer Bills becoming payable; and shall also receive all Principal Money becoming due on any Bills of Exchange or negotiable Securities so delivered in or deposited at the said Bank on account of the said Accountant General; and one of the Cashiers of the said Bank shall likewise receive all the Dividends of all such Stocks, Funds or Annuities, transferrable at the said Bank, or in the Books of the East India Company, or South Sea Company, or of any other Body Politic or Corporate, as shall at any time be transferred into or standing in the Name of the said Accountant General; and the said Accountant General shall for that Purpose authorise and empow er one of the Cashiers of the said Bank to receive such Interest and Dividends, and all such Principal Money, or to receive such new Exchequer Bills; and all such Interest and Dividends and Principal Money or new Exchequer Bills, when so received, shall be from time to time placed to the Credit of such Accountant General, and entered causewise in the said Account, so to be kept in his Name in the Books of the Bank of England.

XI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Money belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, or any other Person or Persons, received by the Bank of England, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, shall by any Decree or Order of the said Court of Exchequer, or of the Lord Chief Baron of the said Court, or of the Baron to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, be directed to be paid out to any Party or Parties, in any Cause or Matter, or to any other Person or Persons, the Clerk in Court, Solicitor or Agent for such Party, or other Person, shall attend the said Accountant General with an Office Copy of such Decree or Order, and of any Report to which such Decree or Order may refer, as specifying the Money to be so paid; and the said Accountant General shall forthwith make a Certificate thereof, to be filed by the Clerk in Court, or Solicitor for the Party, with the Clerk of the Reports hereinafter directed to be appointed; and the said Accountant General shall, by Note under his Hand, draw on the Bank for so much Money as shall be so directed to be paid, upon Check Paper, fairly written and signed by the said Accountant General, which Note shall be compared with such Certificate, and the Decree or Order, and also the Report, if any, under which such Certificate shall have been made, and when so compared, such Note shall be countersigned by the Clerk of the Reports, and entered by him in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, and hall be a sufficient Authority to the Bank of England to pay such

1° GEO. IV. C. 35. 143

Money to the Person or Persons mentioned in such Note, or to such Person as he, she or they, by Indorsement thereon, shall order to receive the same, as likewise to write off the Amount of such Money from the Account of the Accountant General to be kept in the Books of the said Bank; but when any Sum of Money In what case shall be directed to be paid out of such Money so to be received Accountant by the Bank to any Suitor or any other Person or Persons for Interest or Maintenance, the said Accountant General shall, by 0Jt cmificate. such Note under his Hand, upon Check Paper, without any Certificate, draw on the Bank for the same, and such Note being signed by the Accountant General, and countersigned by the Clerk of the Reports, as is before directed, shall be a proper Authority for the Bank to pay the same; provided always, that every such Note as aforesaid, which shall be drawn and signed under the Provisions of this Act, shall be limited to be paid within One Calendar Month after Date, and if it be not paid within such Time such Note shall be void.

XII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Security or How Securities Securities deposited or to be deposited at the Bank of England, deposited in the under the Directions of this Act, shall be directed by Order of the

said Court of Exchequer, or of the Lord Chief Baron thereof, or Orders of the by the Baron nominated and appointed as aforesaid for the time Court, &c. being, to be delivered out of the said Bank, for any Purpose whatever, a Certificate shall be made out by the Clerk of the Reports, under the Direction of the said Court of Exchequer, or of the Lord Chief Baron of the said Court, or of the Baron nominated and appointed as aforesaid, stating the Nature and Amount of the Securities to be delivered out, together with the Numbers, Dates and Sums of such Securities or Security, and the Name of the Cause or Matter wherein the same are or is directed to be delivered out, and the Person to whom the same are or is delivered, which Certificate shall be entered by the Clerk of the' Reports in a Book to be kept by him for that Purpose, and shall be delivered by the Clerk in Court or Solicitor employed in the Cause or Matter to the said Accountant General, who shall countersign the same; and such Certificate so countersigned shall be a sufficient Voucher and Authority to the proper Officer at the said Bank of England, to deliver over such Security or Securities, and to enter the Delivery of such Security or Securities in the Account of the said Accountant General, kept in the Books of the said Bank.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Stock in How Stock the Books of the Bank of England, South Sea Company, East dwll be tran*-India Company, or any Company, or Body Politic or Corporate, U^T shall be ordered by the said Court of Exchequer, or by the Lord court.° Chief Baron of the said Court, or by the Baron nominated and appointed as aforesaid, to be solely or to be transferred to any

Person or Persons, a Certificate of the Decree or Order directing Certificate by such Sale or Transfer shall be signed by the said Clerk of the Clerk of the Reports, who shall certify under his Hand to the said Accountant Reports, &c. General what Stock he is by such Decree or Order to sell or to transfer, and in case of a Transfer, to whom such Transfer is to be made; which Certificate shall be entered by the Clerk of the Reports in a Book to be kept by him for that Purpose; and the

C. 35 *

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Transfer accordingly.

Bank, &c. to make Transfer upon Certificates, &c. produced.

Court of Exchequer, See, empowered to make Orders for executing Act.

[Proviso.]

Suitors' Cash in the Bank to be common Cash.

57Q.S, c. 18.

Clerk in Court, or Solicitor in the Cause, shall curry such Certificate to the said Accountant General, who shall, within One Week, or at the then next opening of the respective Companies' Books, attend in Person and deliver the same, or cause the same to be delivered, to the proper Officer of such Company, and transfer such Stocks, or give sufficient Authority to some other Person so to do, according to such Certificate; and such Certificate is hereby declared to be a sufficient Authority for making such Transfer or Transfers as shall, by the Decree or Order mentioned in such Certificate, be required to be made in Execution of the said Decree or Order.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the proper Officer of the Bank of England, East India Company, South Sea Company, or any other Company, or Body Politic or Corporate, whom it may concern, shall and do from time to time permit and suffer every such Transfer as is required by this Act to be made by the Accountant General for the time being, upon the Production of the several Certificates of the several Decrees or Orders of the said Court of Exchequer for such Purpose, signed and attested as by this Act is directed and required.

XV. And for the better and more effectually carrying this Act into Execution, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Exchequer, or for the Lord Chief Baron thereof, or other Baron to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, and the said Court, or Lord Chief Baron, or other Baron to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, are hereby authorised and empowered, from time to time to make all such further Orders and Regulations as the said Court shall deem necessary and proper for effectuating all or any of the Purposes hereinbefore expressed: Provided always, that when any such Orders and Regulations shall be made, a true Copy thereof shall be made by the Clerk of the Reports, and signed by him, and transmitted to the said Accountant General, who shall cause a true Copy of such Copy, signed by him, to be transmitted to the Governor or Deputy Governor of the Bank of England, or to any other Company, Body Politic or Corporate, whom it may concern, who, after receiving a Copy of such Orders and Regulations, shall cause the same to be observed in the same manner as if any such Orders and Regulations had originally formed a Part of this Act.

XVI. And to the end that no Suitor or Suitors of the said Court of Exchequer may be delayed in Payment of any Money due to him, her or them, but that every one may receive his or her full Demand whensoever he or she shall apply for the same, in the most easy and expeditious Way, be it therefore enacted, That all the Money and Cash now deposited and to be deposited in or paid to the said Bank of England, on account of the Suitors of the said Court of Exchequer, or any of them, or by Order of the said Court, shall be and be accounted and taken to be one common and general Cash, and shall be promiscuously issued and issuable when and as the said Court of Exchequer shall direct.

XVII. And Whereas under and by virtue of an Act, made in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to facilitate the hearing and determining of Suits in Equity in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer

L.

1° GEO. IV. C. 35. 145

+at Westminster, in consequence of the great Increase of the Proceedings in the Common Law Side of the said Court of Exchequer, the Lord Chief Baron of the said Court for the time being, or in case of his Sickness or other unavoidable Absence, any Baron of the said Court nominated and appointed by His Majesty, is empowered to hear and determine all Causes, Matters and Things which shall be at any time depending in the said Court of Exchequer as a Court of Equity, whether the rest of the Barons of the said Court shall be sitting or not: And Whereas by the Course and Practice of the said Court of Exchequer for many Years, the Person holding the Office of Deputy to the King's Remembrancer has taken the Minutes of all Decrees and Orders of the said Court, as well in Matters of Revenue as in Proceedings on the Equity Side of the said Court, and hath also been employed in reporting to the Court his Opinion upon the several Matters referred to him: And Whereas in consequence of the Division of the Business of the said Court,

pursuant to the said last recited Act of the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, it hath become expedient that there should be Two joint Officers to perform the said Duties on the Equity Side of the said Court, in all Suits and Matters between Subject and Subject Be it therefore enacted, That it The Lord Chief shall and may be lawful for the Lord Chief Baron of the said Baron to «p-Court of Exchequer for the time being, and he is hereby autho- Point Two Bar-rised, empowered and required, to nominate and appoint, by Writing under his Hand and Seal, to be enrolled among the Records of the said Court, Two fit and proper Persons, being Barristers One) to be at Law of not less than Five Years standing, to be and be called Master* of the Masters of the said Court of Exchequer, and that One of such Court of Ex-Masters shall be the Accountant General of the said Court as ^haUactia hereinbefore mentioned; and that such Two Masters shall hold per8^n in tak-the said Offices during their good'Behaviour therein, and not be ing Minutes of in anywise subject to the Orders or Control of the King's Remem- Decrees, &c. brancer of the said Court or his Deputy; and that each of the said and receiving 'Masters of the said Court shall act jointly or severally, as the said Court or Lord Chief Baron, or other Baron to be nominated and on the Equity appointed as aforesaid, from time to time shall direct, in all Mat- side of the ters of Reference from the Court or Lord Chief Baron or other Court;

Baron to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, and Proceedings relating thereto, in all Suits and Matters on the Equity Side of the said Court between Subject and Subject; and it shall be the Duty and Office of the said Masters to attend the said Court, and the Lord Chief Baron, or other Baron to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, in their own proper Persons and not by Deputy, and to take the Minutes of all Orders and Decrees which shall be made by the said Court or by the Lord Chief Baron thereof, or by the Baron to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, as well in Matters of Revenue as on the Equity Side of the said Court, which Orders or Decrees shall be afterwards drawn and engrossed by the Clerks in Court in each respective Cause or Suit, and shall and may be corrected, either in Form or Substance, by such Masters respectively, at the Instance of any of the Parties affected by any such Order or Decree, according to the Minutes taken by such Masters respectively, purspant to die Directions of 1 dao. IV. L the

C. 35.

A.D. 1820.

and to report upon Matters as heretofore done by the Deputy Remembrancer.

Oath of Office to be taken by the Masters.

Form of Oath.

In case of Illness, &c. of Accountant General, the Court, or Lord Chief Baron, Art *, may order

1° GEO. IV.

the said Court, or of the said Lord Chief Baron, or the Baron to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, and shall be afterwards entered by the King's Remembrancer amongst the Records of the said Court, pursuant to the antient Course thereof; and it shall also be the Office and Duty of such Masters respectively to receive all such References on Matters of Account, and on all other Matters and Things on the Equity Side of the said Court, as shall be made and referred to them by the said Court of Exchequer, or by the Lord Chief Baron, or by the Baron to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, and to report thereon to the said Court, or the Lord Chief Baron, or to the Baron to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, in such manner as heretofore was used and accustomed to be done by the Person holding the Office of Deputy Remembrancer, or as shall be directed and ordered by the said Court, or by the Lord Chief Baron, or by the Baron to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, from time to time; and in all Things to do, execute and perform all such Duties as Masters of the Equity Side of the said Court as they shall be required to do by any Order or Orders to be for that Purpose from time to time made by the said Court, or by the Lord Chief Baron, or by the Baron to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid.

XVIII. And Whereas by the antient Law and Custom of the said Court of Exchequer an Oath hath been always administered to and taken by the King's Remembrancer and Deputy Remembrancer of the said Court Be it enacted, That the Two Masters so to be appointed under this Act shall, before acting in the said Offices, respectively take and subscribe the following Oath, in the Presence or the Lord Chief Baron or One of the Barons of the said Court; (that is to say),

+'YOU do swear, That you will well and truly serve for the King our Sovereign Lord in the Office of One of the Masters of this His Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, to which you are appointed; you shall true Entry make of the Minutes of all Orders, Decrees, Awards, and other Matters and Things pronounced by the said Court, or by the Lord Chief Baron of the said Court, or by any Baron thereof to be nominated and appointed by His Majesty under and by virtue of an Act made in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for facilitating the hearing and determining of Suits in Equity in the said Court of Exchequer, and which ought to be entered in the said Office, and that with all convenient Speed; you shall not take of any Person or Persons, by Promise, Gift, Reward or otherwise, whereby the King's Majesty may lose or be hindered, or by which the Right may be let or hindered to any manner of Person or Persons; and all other Things belonging to your said Office to do, you shall well and truly do without Fraud or Guile. So help you GOD. '

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall happen at any time that the Accountant General of the said Court of Exchequer for the time being shall by Illness or any other Cause be prevented from attending to the Duties of the said Office of Accountant General, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of Exchequer, or Lord Chief Baron,

1° GEO. IV. C. 55. 147

or Baron to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, by any the other

Order or Orders to be made for that Purpose, to direct the other Master to act

Master of the said Court for the time being, cither generally or q^1 in 11141

+specially, to execute and perform all or any of the Duties of the said Accountant General m his Name, and in such Manner and under such Regulations as shall be directed and contained in such Order or Orders to be made for that Purpose; and the Person so to be appointed shall be called Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer pro tempore, and shall be so described in all Acts to be done by him in the Execution of the Duties of the said Office.

XX. And Whereas it will be greatly for the Advantage of the Suitors of the said Court, and a great Assistance to the Masters so to be appointed, that some one or more experienced Person or Persons should be appointed to be Clerk or Clerks to the said

Masters Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Two Appointment Masters from time to time, and they are hereby required, by Writ- and Duty of ing under their respective Hands, to appoint some fit and proper Clerks to the Person or Persons to be their Clerk or Clerks; and that such Two Person or Persons so to be appointed shall have and receive all Ma#ters* such Fees for executing the said Duties as have been usually Fees, received by the present Clerk of the said Abel Moysey; such

Fees to continue to be paid until and unless some Order touching such Fees shall be made by the said Court; and in case the Two Masters shall not agree in such Appointment, the Lord Chief In default, L. Baron shall appoint a proper Person or Persons to be such Clerk C. Baron toap-or Clerks. Point#

XXI. And Whereas it is expedient that there should be some fit and proper Person appointed to be Keeper of the Reports and Certificates now filed in the said Court, or which shall here-

after be filed in the said Court, for the Purposes of this Act

Be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Chief Appointment

Baron of the said Court of Exchequer for the time being, and he Duty of

is hereby authorised and required, by Writing under his Hand and Seal, to be enrolled among the Records of the said Court, to certiftnitw.

+appoint one fit and proper Person to be Keeper of such Reports and Certificates, who shall be called "The Clerk of the Reports," and who shall at all times examine and countersign all Certificates, Checks, and Drafts by this Act required to be signed by the Accountant General; and shall receive all such Certificates, and also all Reports and Certificates made by either of the said Masters, and shall duly file the same Certificates and Reports, and shall receive the Fees due to the Clerk in Court on filing and

copying the same, videlicet. Three Shillings and Four Pence for Fee*.

+filing, and Eight Pence per Folio for copying the same; and shall duly and regularly account to the Clerk in Court for such Fees, and shall do all such other Matters and Things with respect to the Certificates and Checks of the said Accountant General, and with respect to the Certificates, Reports and other Business of the said Two Masters; and shall duly and regularly attend at such

Attendance.

Times and Places as shall from time to time be ordered, required and directed by any Order or Orders to be made by the said Court of Exchequer, or by the Lord Chief Baron thereof from time to time for that Purpose; and in case the said Clerk of the

148

C. 35.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Substitute.

<55,000l. of Suitors' Cash lathe Bank may be placed by the Court on Government Securities.

Interest to be received by the Bank, and placed to the Credit of an Account herein mentioned; and Salaries paid thereout, as herein mentioned.

Reports shall by Illness or any other Cause J)e prevented from attending to the Duties of the said Office, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord Chief Baron or Other Baron to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid for the time being, to order and direct some other fit and proper Person to execute and perform all such Duties as are required to be done by the Clerk of the said Reports, who shall be called u Clerk of the Reports pro tempore

XXII. And Whereas there is now, and from many Years '

Experience it hath been found that there always hath been, a very large Sum of Money belonging to the Suitors of the said Court of Exchequer, which lies dead and unemployed in the

Hands of the Deputy Remembrancer of the said Court, over '* and besides what hath been necessary to answer the Demands of the said Suitors; Be it therefore enacted, That out of the Cash which shall be paid into the Bank of England by the said Abel Moysey, according to the Directions for that Purpose hereinbefore contained (a) , and out of the Cash which shall thereafter lie dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court of Exchequer, a Sum not exceeding Sixty five thousand Pounds shall and may, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court, or Lord Chief Baron, or other Baron to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, to be made for that Purpose, .from time to time be placed out in One entire Sum, or in Parcels, in the Name of the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, in such Government or Parliamentary Securities as in and by such Order or Orders shall be directed, and shall be carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the Court of Exchequer, to the Intent that the Interest and annual Profits arising from the Money so to be placed out as aforesaid may be applied for the Purposes hereinafter mentioned; and it shall be lawful for the said Court of Exchequer, or Lord Chief Baron, or other Baron to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, from time to time to change the Security or Securities on which the said Monies shall be placed, as the said Court shall think expedient.

(a) Section VII. ante.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Interest and annual Profits arising and to be produced from the said Securities, shall from time to time be received by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and placed, to the Credit of an Account to be raised in the Books kept there for the Suitors of the said Court, under the Title of " Account of Interest arising from Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the Court of Exchequer, in pursuance of an Act of the First Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth and that out of such Interest Money and annual Profits there shall be paid, in the First Place, the Costs and Expences attending or relating to the passing of this Act; and that out of the Remainder of such Interest or Profits there shall be paid, by quarterly Payments, the annual Sum of Two thousand one hundred Pounds, which Payment shall be made by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the Court of Exchequer, or

, lCrEO. IV.

C. 35.

149

of the Lord Chief Baron or other Baron to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, to be made for that Purpose, videlicet, to the Amount of Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, in his joint Salaries to Ac-Capacity of Accountant General and Master, the Sum of One countant Go-thousand Pounds, over and above his Fees as Master, and to the Master* and other of the said Two Masters the Sum of Seven hundred Pounds, ^cU- Clerks* over and above his Fees as Master, and to One or Two Persons who shall be Clerk or Clerks of the said Two Masters, the Sum of One hundred Pounds, over and above his or their Fees as such Clerk or Clerks, and to the Clerk or Keeper of the Reports and to Clerk of the Certificates the yearly Salary of One hundred and fifty Pounds, Report*; to and to the Clerk of the said Accountant General the yearly Sa- clerk of £c" lary of One hundred and fifty Pounds, over and besides his Fees *

as such Clerk to the said Accountant General, reserving to the Iurst and Second Secondaries, their sworn Clerks and their Clerks, their accustomed Fees, which have been lawfully taken for filing

and copying such Reports and Certificates, videlicet, Three Shil- Fees to.Second-lings and Four Pence for filing, and Eight Pence per Folia for *ries and sworn copying such Reports and Certificates; all which said Salaries c!e1*8 lhcir shall be over above the Fees of the said respective Offices, to be C er s* ascertained and authorised in manner hereinafter mentioned, and Commenc^ shall commence from the Time or Times to be appointed for, that Juries, °&c. Purpose by any Order or Orders of the said Court of Exchequer, or of the Lord Chief Baron, or other Baron to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid; and the Residue of the Interest and annual Profits arising and to be produced from the said Securities shall be carried to a separate Account in the Name of the said Accountant General, to be intituled " The Redemption Fund of the Suitors of the Court of Exchequer," and shall from time to time be laid out under the Orders of the said. Court of Exchequer, or of the Lord Chief Baron of the said Court, or of the Baron nominated and appointed as aforesaid, in the Purchase of Bank Three per Centum Annuities, in the Name of the said Accountant General; and the Interest and annual Profits arising therefrom shall be applied from time to time in the same Manner, so as by Accumulation to create a Fund for Repayment to the common and general Cash of the Suitors of the said Court of Exchequer of the said Sum of Sixty five thousand Pounds, hereinbefore directed to be taken from such common and general Cash, and as a Security for Repayment thereof.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if at any time Surplus Few, the Fees received by such Accountant General shall exceed the ceeding the Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds in any one Year, , so that the Whole of the Salary and Fees of such Accountant Gene- jnt<J the ral shall exceed Two thousand five hundred Pounds, or if the Bank, and ap-Fees received by such Master not being Accountant General, shall plied herein exceed the Sum of One thousand three hundred Pounds in any directed* one Year, so that the Whole of the Salary and Fees of such Master shall exceed Two thousand Pounds a Year, then and in either of such Cases respectively the Amount of all Fees and Sums of Money, exceeding such Sums of One thousand five hundred Pounds and One thousand three hundred Pounds respectively, shall, by the said Accountant General and the said Master respectively be paid into the Bank of England> in the Name of the

C.S5.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

The aforesaid Sum of65,000l. may be called in, if requisite, to pay the Suitors.

Court to order what Fees may be taken.

Taking other Fees,

Punishment.

Accountant General, to the Account hereinbefore mentioned, called the Redemption Fund of the Suitors of the said Court, and shall be applied in such Manner as all other Sums paid to the Account of such Redemption Fund are by this Act required and directed to be applied; and for the ascertaining the yearly Amount of all such Fees, the said Accountant General and Master respectively shall once in every Year, within the First Three Days of Michaelmas Term in each Year, deliver into the said Court of Exchequer an Account, under the Hand and signed with the Name of such Accountant General and Master respectively, of the Amount of Fees received by them respectively in the Year ending on the First Day of October then next preceding; and in case it shall appear by such Account that the Amount of such Fees shall exceed the said Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds or One thousand three hundred Pounds respectively, the said Court of Exchequer, or the Lord Chief Baron or other Barons to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, shall make an Order for the Payment of the Surplus beyond such Sum into the Bank of England, to the Account of the said Redemption Fund, in Manner aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the said Court, or for the Lord Chief Baron or other Baron to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, to make any such Order or Orders, with respect to the ascertaining the Amount of such Fees, and the Payment of such Surplus, as to such Court shall seem fitting and expedient.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at any time hereafter the Whole or any Part of the said Sum of Sixty five thousand Pounds shall be wanted to answer any of the Demands of the Suitors of the said Court of Exchequer, then and in such Case the said Court may and shall direct the Whole or any Part of the Surplus, Interest and Annual Profits hereinbefore directed to be carried to the Redemption Fund Account, and also the Whole or any Part of the said Sum of Sixty five thousand Pounds, as the Case shall require, to be called in, or the Securities on which the same shall be placed to be sold or disposed of, and the Produce thereof to be carried to the Account of the common and general Cash of the Suitors of the said Court, in order that the Suitors of the said Court may at all Times be paid their respective Demands out of the common and general Cash belonging to such Suitors.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That such Fees, and no other, shall be taken in the Offices of the said Accountant General and Two Masters, as shall be ascertained and authorised by any Order or Orders to be for that Purpose from time to time made by the said Court of Exchequer; and that if any Person belonging, or who shall hereafter belong to the said Offices or any of them, shall presume to take any other Fee on account of any Business relating to the said Offices respectively, than such as shall be so ascertained and authorised, every such Person shall be deemed guilty of Extortion, and shall and may be liable to be prosecuted for the same by Indictment Or Information, or upon Complaint thereof made to the said Court of Exchequer, shall be punished for the same as for a Contempt of the Court.

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 35.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any time after the passing of this Act forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly aid or assist in the forging or counterfeiting, the Name or Hand-writing of any Accountant General of the said Court of Exchequer, or any Lord Chief Baron, or any of the Barons of the said Court, or of the Clerk of the Reports, or of any of the Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of any Officer of any other Body Politic or Corporate or Company whom it may concern, to any Certificate, Report, Entry, Indorsement, Transfer, Declaration of Trust, Note, Direction, Authority, Receipt, Instrument or Writing whatsoever, for or in order to the receiving or obtaining any Money or Effects of any of the Suitors of the said Court of Exchequer; or shall for^e or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or wilfully aid or assist in forging or counterfeiting any Certificate, Report, Entry, Indorsement, Transfer, Declaration of Trust, Note, Direction, Authority, Receipt, or any Instrument or Writing in form of a Certificate, Report, Entry, Indorsement, Declaration of Trust, Note, Direction and Authority, Receipt, Instrument or Writing made or given by such Accountant General, Clerk of the Reports, or any of the Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England^ or shall utter or publish any such, knowing the some to be forged or counterfeited, or shall claim or demand Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money therein mentioned, with Intent to defraud any Person or Persons, or Body Politic or Corporate, or any Public Company whomsoever, then every such Person and Persons so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be and is hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to affect, alter or diminish any Rights, Privileges or Emoluments of the King's Remembrancer of the said Court or his Deputy, or the Two Secondaries, or the sworn Clerks, or the Clerks in their respective Divisions, in respect of or in relation to any Matters or Things to be done by the said King's Remembrancer or his Deputy, or the said Two Secondaries, or the said sworn Clerks, or the Clerks in their respective Divisions, not especially provided for by this Act; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That out of the Interest and Dividends of the said Government or Parliamentary Securities to be purchased as aforesaid, the Expenses incurred in procuring and passing this Act, and the Costs, Charges and Expenses of all Proceedings had or to be had in consequence thereof, shall be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court of Exchequer, or of the Lord Chief Baron or other Baron to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, to be made for that Purpose.

151

Forging Ac, the Hand* writing of the Accountant General,

Ac. to a Certificate to receive Suitors' Effects in the Bank, Ac.

r fraudulently claiming Payments;

Felony.

Saving of Rights of the King's Re* membrancer, and his Deputy, sworn Clerks, Ac.

How Expenses of passing this Act paid.

153

C.S6, 37.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

17 G.2. t* 36.

[Proviso.]

Allowing an Appeal from Corporations and Franchises not having Six Justices, nor Jurisdiction over Two or more whole Parishes or AVards.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for allowing Appeals from Towns Corporate and Franchises, in certain Cases, to the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the Counties in which they are situate.

[8th July 1820.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for remedying some Defects in the Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act for the Relief of the Poor, it is amongst other Things provided, that in all Corporations or Franchises which have not Four Justices of the Peace, it shall and may be lawful for any of the Person or Persons, in any of the Cases mentioned or referred to by the said Act, where Power of Appeal is given, to appeal,

4 if he or they shall think fit, to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, Riding or Division wherein such Coqmration or Franchise is situate: And Whereas it would conduce to the more equal and impartial Administration of Justice,

4 if such Power of Appeal were extended Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, in all Corporations and Franchises not having more than Six Justices or the Peace, nor having Jurisdiction or Authority over Two or more whole Parishes or Wards contained within such Corporation or Franchise, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, in any of the Cases mentioned or referred to by the said Act or Acts, or either of them, where an Appeal is given by the said Act or Acts, or either of them, to appeal, if he, she or they shall think fit, to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, Riding or Division wherein such Corporation or Franchise is situate, in as ample Manner as if such Corporation or Franchise had not Four Justices of the Peace: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be deemed or taken to extend to any City or Town Corporate being a County of itself.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to increase the Power of Magistrates in the Appointment of Special Constables.

[8th July 1820.]

WHEREAS Doubts have arisen whether any Person or PerVV sons can be compelled to act as Special Constables, except in any actual Tumult, Riot or Felony: And Whereas it is expedient that Justices of the Peace should have the Power of

compelling certain Persons to act as Special Constables, not only in case of actual Tumult, Riot or Felony, but also on the reasonable Apprehension thereof, for the Prevention of the same Be it enacted and declared by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

A.D. 1820.

1° GEO. IV. C. 37. 153

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Cases in which from and after the passing of this Act, in all Cases where it shall *

be made to appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace, to

acting for any County, City, Division, Riding or Place, by the In- SS°Con«taW«^ formation on Oath of Five respectable Householders of such County, City, Division, Riding or Place, that any Tumult, Riot or Felony has taken place, or is likely to take place, and ma) reasonably be apprehended, such Justices may and are hereby authorised to call upon, nominate, and appoint, by Precept in Writing under their Hands, any Householders or other Persons (not legally exempt from serving the Office of Constable) residing within their respective Divisions, or the Neighbourhood thereof, to act as Special Constables, for such Time and in such Manner as to the said Justices shall seem fit and necessary for the Preservation of the Public Peace, and for the Prevention or Suppression of any Tumult, Riot or Felony; and the said Justices are hereby empowered to administer to such Person so appointed the usual Oaths administered by Law to all Special Constables.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person (not Refuting to act, legally exempted as aforesaid) so called upon, nominated and appointed by such Justices as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to

take upon themselves the Office, and to act as such Special Constable, such Person so neglecting or refusing shall be liable to such and the same Fines, Penalties and Punishments, as Persons refusing to take upon themselves the Office of Constable are now by Law subject to.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Justices at Sea. for the Justices of the Peace, assembled at the General or Quarter *>on *

Sessions holden for any County, City, Division, Riding or Place,

where Special Constables shall nave been called out as aforesaid, CcmstJbleaT to order and direct such reasonable Allowances for Trouble and Expenses, to be made to any Person or Persons so called out by Authority of this Act, as to the said Justices shall seem fit, which Allowance the said Justices may order the Treasurer of such County, City, Division, Riding or Place, to pay to such Persons as the said Justices shall direct; and such Treasurer shall, and he is hereby authorised and required, forthwith to pay the Sum or Sums of Money so ordered and directed to be paid, to the Person empowered to receive the same, and such Treasurer shall be allowed the same in his Accounts.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Court before which Court al-

any Indictments may be tried under the Provisions of this Act *o In-

shall have the Power to award reasonable Costs of Trial to such dictoent0 Persons as may prefer the said Indictments, and may order the Treasurer of such County, City, Division, Riding or Place, wherein

such Indictment shall be tried, to pay the Sum or Sums of Money so ordered, to such Persons as the said Court shall direct; and such Treasurer shall and he is hereby authorised and required forthwith to pay the Sum or Sums of Money, so ordered and directed to be paid, to the Persons empowered to receive the same; and such Treasurer shall be allowed the same in his Accounts.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed Public Act and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice

1° GEO. IV. C. 37*38.

A.D. 1820.

of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for fixing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

[8th July 1820.]

[This Act is the same as 59 G. 3. c. 26. except as to Dates and the Section here inserted.]

59 G. 3. c. 9.

60 G. 3. &

1 G. 4. c. 13.

1 G. 4. c. 19.

Allowances for the Diet of Noncommissioned Officers and Soldiers,

Is. 2d. per Day.

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third,

intituled An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And Whereas another Act was passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for continuing an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters And whereas another Act was passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, whereby it is amongst other Things enacted, that Officers and Soldiers shall be furnished with Diet and Small Beer upon paying and allowing for the same the several Rates that are or shall be established by any Act or Acts of Parliament; and an Option is given to Innholders and others upon whom Officers and Soldiers are quartered and billetted, to furnish certain Articles gratis in lieu of Diet and Small Beer; and it is just and expedient that an adequate Allowance shall be made and established for Provision and other Articles furnished to Officers and Soldiers May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Noncommissioned Officer and Private Soldier who shall be furnished with Diet and Small Beer, within those* Parts of the United Kingdom specified in the said last recited Act, by the Innholders or other Persons on whom such Noncommissioned Officers or Private Soldiers shall be quartered and billetted by virtue of the said Acts, shall pay and allow for the same the Sum of One Shilling and Two Pence per Diem; and that for such Allowance of One Shilling and Two Pence the Innholder or other Persons shall furnish One Meal; videlicet, a hot Dinner, if required, in each Day to each Noncommissioned Officer, Trumpeter, Drummer, and Private Soldier quartered and billetted on him, to consist of such Quantities of Diet and Small Beer as have been or shall be specified and fixed in and by any Regulations made or to be made from time to time by His Majesty in that Behalf, but not to exceed One Pound and a Quarter of Meat previous to being dressed, One Pound of Bread, One Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables previous to being cooked, and Two Pints of Small Beer, and Vinegar, Salt, and Pepper; and that the

2 Accounts

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 38, 39.

Accounts of the same shall be rendered, and Payment thereof made, in like Manner as is directed by the said Acts.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for the Assistance of Trade and Manufactures in Ireland, by authorising the Advance of certain Sums for the Support of Commercial Credit there.

[8th July 1820.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fifty seventh Year of 57 G.

the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third,

intituled An Act to authorise the Issue of Exchequer Bills, and the Advance of Money out of the Consolidated Fund9 to a limited Amount, for the carrying on of Public Works and Fisheries in the United Kingdom, and Employment of the Poor in Great Britain, in Manner therein mentioned, it was among other Things § 5 *

enacted, that at any time after the passing of the said Act, by or out of such Monies as should at any time or times remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, or out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom arising in Ireland, (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as had been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid in Ireland out of the said Consolidated Fund,) there should and might be issued by Order of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, from time to time,

in Manner and under the Regulations therein mentioned and contained, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, to be applied to the Purposes of the said Act: And Whereas in consequence of the Injury lately sustained by the Failure of several Bankers, Traders and Manufacturers there, the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland has deemed it expedient and necessary to order that some Part of the Money authorised to be issued under the said recited Act of the Fifty seventh Year aforesaid, and which had not been applied to the Purposes of the said Act, should be applied for and towards the Relief of Commercial Credit in Ireland: And Whereas the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, have taken the said Proceedings in consideration, have resolved that whatever Sum or Sums have been or may be advanced by the Bank of Ireland to such Merchants, Traders and Manufacturers as are possessed of Funds ultimately more than sufficient to answer all Demands upon them, (but who have not the Means of converting those Funds into Money or negotiable Securities in time to meet the Pressure of the Moment) , under the Direction of Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, not exceeding five hundred thousand Pounds, should be made good by that House, together with an Interest at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum from the Date at which such Sums shall have been or may be advanced respectively May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

155

i. c. 34.

C. 39.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Act* done by the Corarais -sioners under recited Act, in Execution of the Trusts reposed in them by the Lord Lieutenant for Relief of Commercial Credit, declared ?alid.

Lord Lieutenant to appoint Commissioners;

to act without Fee.

Two of the Commissioners to take an Oath before a Baron of the Exchequer.

Oath.

Oath afterwards to be taken by the other Commissi oners.

and by the Authority of the same, That all Acts done by the said Commissioners for the Execution of the said recited Act of the Fifty seventh Year of His late Majesty's Reign, in Execution of the Trusts reposed in them by the Lora Lieutenant of Ireland, for the Relief of Commercial Credit, in Manner hereinbefore mentioned, at any time before the passing of this Act, and all Bonds or Obligations, Contracts, Agreements, Warrants of Attorney, Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes or other Securities taken for such Sums as shall have been advanced under the Orders of the said Commissioners for the Purposes and in Manner aforesaid, or for the Purposes of securing, declaring or confirming any Contract or Agreement made with the said Commissioners, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be good, valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and that all Acts and Matters done by the Secretary, Solicitor, Clerks, Brokers, Messengers or Officers in the Service of the said Commissioners, in the necessary Execution of the Purposes aforesaid, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be good, valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, at any time after the passing of this Act, to nominate and appoint so many and such Persons as he or they shall think fit, not exceeding Nine in Number, to be Commissioners for the Execution of this Act in Ireland; and the said Persons so to be nominated shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for the Execution of this Act in Ireland, and the said Commissioners are hereby required to execute the Powers and Authorities given to them by this Act, without any Fee, Reward, Emolument or Gratuity whatever; and all Acts, Matters and Things which the said Commissioners are by this Act authorised and required to do, shall and may be done and executed by the Majority of such Commissioners, unless in Cases where it is otherwise specially provided by this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That any Two of the said Commissioners so to be nominated and appointed for the Execution of this Act, shall forthwith after the passing of this Act, and in pursuance or performance of this Act, take an Oath before One of the Barons of the Exchequer of Ireland, which they or any of them are and is hereby authorised and required to administer, the Tenor whereof shall be as follows; (that is to say),

J A.B. do swear, That according to the best of my Judgment, ' I will faithfully and impartially execute the several Powers ' and Trusts vested in me by an Act of the First Year of the

Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled (here set forth the 1 Title of this Act) , according to the Tenor and Purport of the said Act.

And every other of the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act shall likewise take the same Oath before the said Two Commissioners, who are hereby authorised and required to administer the same, after they shall themselves have taken the said Oath as aforesaid.

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 59. 157

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act shall have Power to meet and sit from time to time in such Place and Places as they shall find most convenient, with or without Adjournment, to proceed in the Execution of this Act; and they or the Majority of them shall and may appoint and employ a Secretary and a Solicitor, and so many Clerks, Brokers, Messengers and Officers as they shall find necessary, and shall and may, with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, pay to such Secretary, Solicitor, Clerks, Brokers, Messengers and Officers, such reasonable Compensations or Rewards as the said Commissioners shall think meet, and shall and may give and administer to such Secretary, Solicitor, Clerks, Brokers and Officers respectively, an Oath for their faithful Demeanor in all Things relating to the due Performance of the Trusts reposed in them by the said Commissioners, and in all other Things touching the Premises, and from time to time, at their Discretion, dismiss and discharge such Secretary, Solicitor, Clerks, Brokers, Messengers and other Officers, and appoint others in their Place; and such Secretary, Solicitor, Clerks, Brokers and Officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the said Trusts in them severally and respectively reposed, without taking any Reward or Gratuity whatsoever for such Service, other than such Salaries or Reward as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint in Manner aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to examine upon Oath (or on Affirmation, if the Person to be examined be a Quaker, which Oath or Affirmation they or any one or more of them are and is hereby authorised to administer) , all Persons who shall be willing to be examined touching all such Matters and Things as shall be necessary for the Execution of the Powers vested in the said Commissioners by this Act, and also to receive any Affidavits, or any Depositions in Writing upon Oath or Affirmation, touching such Matters or Things as aforesaid, which shall be made before any Justice of the Peace of any County, or any Magistrate of any City, Borough or Town Corporate in Ireland, where or near to which the Person making such Affidavit or Deposition shall reside, certified and transmitted to the said Commissioners under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or Magistrate, which Oath or Affirmation every such Justice or Magistrate shall be and is hereby authorised and required to administer; provided, that in every such Affidavit or Deposition there shall be expressed the Addition of the Party making such Affidavit or Deposition, and the particular Place of his or her Abode: Provided always, that all such Oaths, Affidavits and Depositions, to be taken or made by any Person not resident in or near the City of Dublin, shall be taken before and certified by some Magistrate named and approved for the Purpose by the dommissioners for the Execution of this Act, or the Majority of them.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons *pon Examination upon Oath or Affirmation before the Commissioners

Commissioners to meet, and to appoint a Secretary and other Officers.

Oath to be taken by such Officers.

Officers to take no other Reward than Salaries appointed by Commissioners.

Commissioner may examine upon Oath or Affirmation Persons willing to be examined, and receive Depositions made before Magistrates,

Ac.

[Proviso.]

False Evidence^ Perjury.

158 C. 39. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Bond *, Bills, &c. entered into Ten Day* before passing this Act, in Support of Commercial Credit, to have the same Effect as if issued under this Act.

Commissioners to appoint Persons to receive Applications from Merchants, &c. for Loans.

Applications to be classed according to die Amount of the Sums applied for.

Regulations to be established by the Commissioners for distributing the Money to be lent.

gioners for the Execution of this Act, or if any Person or Persons making any such Affidavit or Deposition as before mentioned, shall wilfully or corruptly give false Evidence, or shall, in such Affidavit or Deposition wilfully and corruptly swear, affirm or allege any Matter or Thing which shall be false or untrue, every such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in force in Ireland Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Bonds or Obligations, and all Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes and Contracts whatsoever, which at any time before the Expiration of Ten Days before the passing of this Act may have been made either in the Name of His Majesty, or of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or of any other Person or Persons, for or in respect of the Support of Commercial Credit in manner hereinbefore mentioned, shall have the same Force, Authority and Effect in every respect, as Obligations made to our Sovereign Lord the King under this Act; and such Process as is hereinafter directed to be issued, and such Proceedings thereon as may be requisite, shall and may be issued and had against Persons making Default in Payment of the Money secured by such Bonds or Obligations, Bills, Notes or Contracts, and shall be in the Name of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in like Manner as on any Obligation made to His Majesty under the Authority of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, or any Three or more of them, who shall have taken the said Oath, can assemble, the said Commissioners shall proceed to receive, or shall appoint a proper Person for receiving, all such Applications in Writing as shall be made to them from any Merchants, Traders, or Manufacturers in Ireland, for the Loan and Advance of Money according to this Act; and the said Commissioners shall also then fix and appoint subsequent Days for taking into their Consideration all such Applications, and shall meet together for that Purpose, and shall proceed with all convenient Dispatch to ascertain the Amount of the Sums which, in their Judgment, it will be expedient to advance under this Act, in pursuance of Applications made for such Assistance.

IX. And be it further enacted, That before any Apportionment shall be made of any Money to be advanced under this Act, the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act shall cause the several Applications delivered to such Commissioners to be classed according to the Amount of the Sums respectively applied for, and the Nature of the Securities tendered, and the Circumstances, as far as the same shall appear upon the said Applications; and shall thereupon draw up and establish such general Rules and Regulations for their own Government in the apportioning and distributing the Sums of Money to be advanced and lent under this Act to the several Persons applying for the same, as the said Commissioners in their Discretion shall deem equitable and just; all which Rules and Regulations shall, within a convenient Time, be entered in a Book or Books to be prepared and kept by such

A.D. 1820.

1° GEO. IV. C. 39. 159

Commissioners for that Purpose; and the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, according to the true Purport and Meaning of such general Rules and Regulations as aforesaid, shall pnfceed to take into their Consideration all such Applications which shall specify the Amount of the Sums required to be advanced as aforesaid, and by which any Security shall be tendered which the said Commissioners are authorised by this Act to take for the Payment of the Sums to be advanced, and which shall also specify the Nature thereof, and from time to time, on Enquiiy into the same respectively, shall determine what Persons shall, in their Judgment, be entitled to any Part of the Money to be advanced or lent under this Act, and to what Amount; and Jurit^to be shall ascertain the Nature and Amount of the Securities to be Pertained, required from them for the same respectively.

X. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as the Commissioner *, Commissioners' for the Execution of this Act shall have deter-

mined upon any Amount of such Money to be advanced under be^dvanced to

the Provisions of this Act, the said Commissioners shall forthwith certify same

certify such Amount to the Governor and Company of the Bank to Bank, who

of Ireland, by One or more Certificate or Certificates under the may advance

Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any Three or more 11)6

of them; and every such Certificate of the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, shall be presented to the Cashiers of the said Bank of Ireland, or One of them, and it shall thereupon be lawful for the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland to advance the several Sums of Money mentioned in every such Certificate to the Persons mentioned in such Certificate respectively; and every such Certificate shall be deposited and shall remain in the Office of the Accountant General of the said

Bank of Ireland; provided that the whole Amount of Money to Whole Amount

be advanced under this Act shall not at any time exceed the Sum not to exceed

of Five hundred thousand Pounds. 500,000l.

XI. And for the replacing of all and every such Sums and Sum Commissioner* of Money as at any time before the Appointment of Commis- under recited sioners for the Execution of this Act, may have been or may be Act to uansmit advanced under the Orders of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, for Amount^ the Support of Commercial Credit, out of the said Sum of Two Money ad-hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, applicable to the Purposes vanced, with of the said recited Act of the Fifty seventh Year of His said late Securities, to Majesty's Reign, be it enacted, That at any time after the Com- Commissioners missioners for the Execution of this Act shall be appointed, it

shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for the Execution tjfy Amount "to of the said Act of the said Fifty seventh Year, or any Three of Bank, who shall them, to transmit to the Commissioners for the Execution of this pay the Money Act, a Certificate of the Amount of all such Sum and Sums of *?to

Money as shall have been advanced in Manner hereinbefore mentioned, for the Support of Commercial Credit, upon the Certificates of the said Commissioners for the Execution of the said Act of the said Fifty seventh Year, together with all Obligations,

Securities, Papers, Documents and Writings whatsoever, relating to any Sum or Sums so advanced; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, or any Three of them, to certify the Amount of such Sum or Sums to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, who

Commissioners to appoint Times for taking into Consideration further Applications for Loans;

and to determine Amount and certify.

Accountant General of Bank to deliver Lists of Sums advanced with* out Fee.

Persons to whom Sums advanced to enter into such Securities as Commissioners shall think necessary.

Securities to be taken in the

C. 39. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

shall thereupon pay the Amount of all such Sum or Sums of Money into the Receipt of the Exchequer at Dublin; and that all Sums which under any such Certificates shall be so paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer at Dublin, shall be taken* as Part of the Money advanced by the Governor and Company of the said Bank of Ireland for the Purposed of this Act, and that the Sums so advanced and repaid shall not be taken or considered as any Part of the Sum of Two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds authorised to be issued for the Purposes of the said recited Act of the Fifty seventh Year of His said late Majesty's Reign.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, or any Three or more of them respectively, shall and may from time to time fix and appoint proper and convenient Days for taking into Consideration all such further Applications as shall from time to time be made to them, and shall ascertain the Amount of such Money as shall be ^required to be from time to time advanced for the Purposes of this Act, and shall by like Certificate or Certificates as aforesaid, certify the same to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, until the Whole of the Money authorised to be advanced in pursuance of this Act shall have been advanced for the Purposes aforesaid; and the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act shall from time to time proceed to determine to what Amount such Money shall be advanced under this Act, and shall grant Certificates thereof, in such Form and under the like Rules and Regulations as are hereinbefore mentioned concerning the Money to be first issued or advanced as aforesaid, and all such Money shall be from time to time advanced in the Form and Manner before directed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Accountant General of the Bank of Ireland shall, without Fee or Reward, from time to time, upon Requisition of the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, deliver to them complete Lists of all Sums advanced by the Governor and Company of the said Bank, in pursuance of Certificates of the said Commissioners, specifying the respective Sums so advanced, and distinguishing the Persons to whom, and the Dates and Numbers of the Certificates in consequence whereof, and the Dates and Times when the said Advances were so made respectively.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any Suhi or Sums of Money respectively shall be advanced or lent under the Provisions of this Act, shall previously enter into such Security, in such Sum or Sums of Money (not less than Double the Amount of the Principal Sums so lent or advanced) as the Case may require, and as the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, or any Three or more of them, shall respectively deem necessary; which Securities the said Commissioners respectively, or any Three or more of them, shall in their Discretion have full Power and Authority to cause to be taken; and every Security to be taken in pursuance of this Act shall be by Writing obligatory to our Sovereign Lord the King, in such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be directed by such Com* missioner8, or any Three or more of them, by virtue of this Act, to be paid to our said Lord the King, by such Form of Words as

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 59. 161

Obligations to the King's Majesty have been used to be made, and Ntune of the

with such Conditions to be thereunder written as by such Com- King.

missioner8 shall be deemed proper; and that all such Obligations

to be so made shall be good and effectual in the Law, and shall be of the same Quality, Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Obligation made to our Sovereign Lord the now King, or his Predecessors, or any of them, hath at any time heretofore been or now is adjudged, received or taken to be; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall happen Persons enter-that the Person or Persons to whom any Money shall be lent ing into Se-and advanced under this Act, shall enter into Security without cimty without any Surety or Sureties, then and in such Case every such Person Su^Good* to or Persons shall, over and above such Security, deposit or cause

to be deposited in the Custody of the Commissioners for the Exe- Amount, cution of this Act, or of such Persons as the said Commissioners shall appoint, by Writing under the Hands of them, or any Three or more of them, Goods, Wares or Merchandises, of the proper Goods of such Person or Persons, or in his or their Possession and Disposition, and wherein he or they shall have a specific Interest to a certain Amount, and whereon it shall be proved to *"d on which the Satisfaction of such Commissioners, that the Duties of Customs and Excise (if any) payable upon the same had been duly pa, a' satisfied; and which Goods, Wares and Merchandises shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or of such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, to bear a Proportion not

less than is hereinafter mentioned to the Value of the principal Sums to be lent or advanced to such Person or Persons; and which Goods, Wares or Merchandises shall be delivered to the said Commissioners, or to such Persons as they shall appoint as aforesaid, at such Place or Places as the said Commissioners or any Three of them shall appoint, and shall be secured and kept in proper Warehouses at such Places respectively as shall be approved of by the said Commissioners or any Three of them, under such Regulations as the said Commissioners or the Majority of them shall prescribe; and such Goods, Wares and Merchandises Goods so de-as shall be so deposited, shall not be liable to be attached or P0*1*1 to seized or removed, or to be taken from or out of the Custody of custod of* the said Commissioners, by any Process, either in Law or Equity, commissioners or by or under any Commission of Bankruptcy not actually issued by any Process, at the Time when such Deposit shall be made, unless*the Monies (Exception) lent and advanced on the Security of the said Goods, Wares or «n«l Money Merchandises, together with such Interest as shall be directed to ftn" interest be paid by this Act, shall be first paid or satisfied at the Times or in the Manner hereinafter mentioned, or without having obtained the previous Consent of the said Commissioners, or the Majority or them, under their Hands, for such Attachment or Seizure, or for the Removal of the same according to the Directions of this Act, or by the Order of the Court of Exchequer as hereinafter is mentioned.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Question shall Questions arise respecting the Property of any Goods, Wares or Merchan- 0, 1

dises which shall be deposited as aforesaid, or any Interest therein, c^Isdepo-or the Money arising by Sale thereof, or any Part thereof, any sjte(i lo

I Geo. IV. M Person

C. 59.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

terminal by the Court of Exchequer.

Commissioners may advance Money on Goods secured in Warehouses, without Payment of Duty.

Proviso as to Removal of such Goods.

Sureties answerable only for the Sum subscribed by them.

[Proviso.]

In what Proportions Money advanced on Deposits.

Commissioners to provide Warehouses for depositing Goods.

Regulations for the Care and Inspection of

Person or Persons claiming such Goods, Wares or Merchandises, or any Interest therein, or the Produce thereof, or any Part thereof, shall and may apply in a summary Way, by Motion or otherwise, touching the same, to the Court of Exchequer at Dublin, who shall proceed to enquire into the Validity of such Claim, and shall thereupon order such Goods, Wares or Merchandises, or any Part thereof, or any Money which shall have arisen by Sale thereof, or any Part thereof, to be delivered or paid to such Person or Persons, upon such Terms and in such Manner as to the said Court shall seem fit and proper.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, to advance and lend any Sum or Sums of Money upon Goods, Wares or Merchandises lodged and secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, under the Regulations of any. Act or Acts of Parliament for that Purpose, according to the estimated Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandises, exclusive of the Duties chargeable thereon; and that such Goods, Wares or Merchandises shall remain in such Warehouses respectively, under the several Rules, Regulations and Restrictions in the said Acts contained, except as herein is excepted; provided that no such Goods, Wares or Merchandises shall be removed from any such Warehouse or Warehouses, without the Authority of the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, signified by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more of the said Commissioners.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where Security shall be entered into with such Surety or Sureties as the said Commissioners or the Majority of them shall in their Dis* cretion approve, then each of the Sureties in such Security shall he bound in such Sum, and no more, as he shall set and subscribe against his Name upon such Security: Provided always, that no Sum or Sums of Money shall be lent or advanced under this Act, upon the Security last mentioned, unless the Amount of all the Sums set and subscribed against the Name of the several Sureties upon the said Security, shall amount in the whole to double the Sums of Money to be lent and advanced on the Credit of such Security; and that no Sum or Sums shall be lent or advanced on any Deposit of Goods, Wares or Merchandises, to a greater Amount than in the Proportion of Fifty per Centum, in case such Goods, Wares or Merchandises are manufactured, or of Sixty per Centum in case the said Goods, Wares or Merchandises are unmanufactured, on the Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandises so deposited, or on the Value of the specific Interest which the Party or Parties depositing such Goods, Wares or Merchandises, shall have therein as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, or the Majority of them, shall and they are hereby authorised and required to provide, from time to time, such Warehouses or Places as they shall deem requisite for lodging and securing all such Goods, Wares or Merchandises as shall be deposited with them under the Directions of this Act; and to appoint the necessary Officers to attend and have the Care of such Goods, Wares or Merchandises at such Warehouses or

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 39. 163

Places respectively, and to cause all such Goods, Wares or Merchandises, or the respective Packages containing the same, to be numbered, marked, weighed or taken an Account of, in such manner and from time to time at such times as the said Commissioners shall deem necessary, so as to avoid any Damage or Loss to the respective Proprietors thereof by reason of such Deposits; and it shall be in the Discretion and Power of the said Commissioners or the Majority of them, to make all necessary Regulations from time to time for the Receipt, safe Custody and Delivery out of such Goods, Wares and Merchandises deposited in such Warehouse or Warehouses or other Places, and from time to time to permit the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, or their respective Agents or Factors, or other Persons duly authorised, to inspect, examine and take reasonable Samples of the saint: Provided always, that upon the Application of the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Goods, Wares or Merchandises made liable to the Provisions of this Act, and upon Proof made before the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act or any Three of them, or before such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, but nevertheless to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners, of the Expediency of re-delivering the same to such Proprietor or Proprietors, or his or their Assignee or Assigns, for the Purpose of Trade, before the Sums advanced or lent thereon shall be paid or satisfied, and upon a Tender of Security for the due Payment thereof with Sureties in manner hereinbefore mentioned, or of other Goods of equal Value to be deposited in like manner; it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners or any Three of them, in their Discretion, to change the Security for such Loan, and to direct and order such Goods, Wares and Merchandises to be redelivered to such Proprietor or Proprietors, his or their Assignee or Assigns, on depositing other Goods as aforesaid, or giving such Security with Sureties as by this Act is directed to be taken for the Payment of all the principal Sums advanced and lent on the said Goods, Wares and Merchandises, and which shall be then unpaid, together with such Interest for the same as by this Act is limited, at the respective Days or Times appointed for the Payment of the same: Provided also, that where any Payment of any Part of the Money lent or advanced with Interest, shall have been made on or before any Day appointed for Payment thereof, the said Commissioners or the Majority of them, upon the Application of the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Goods, Wares or Merchandises made liable to the Provisions of this Act as aforesaid, his, her or their Assignee or Assigns, shall direct and order a Part of such Goods, Wares and Merchan-dites, (the estimated Value whereof shall, as nearly as conveniently may be, in the Judgment of such Commissioners, bear the same Proportion to the estimated Value of the whole which such Sum so repaid shall bear to the whole of the principal Sums advanced and lent on any such Goods, Wares and Merchandises) to be redelivered to such Proprietor or Proprietors, his or their Assignee or Assigns, and so from time to time on any Instalment or Sum or Sums being so paid on or before the Day when the same shall respectively become payable, and in like Manner shall redeliver the whole of such Goods, Wares or Merchandises on Payment of

the Goods while in Custody.

Goods may be redelivered to Owner, upon Change of Security, &c.

Which Commissioners may do.

On Payment of Part of Money lent, proportionable Port of Goods may be returned,

C. 39. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

upon Production of Certificate of such Payment.

Permits for Removal of Goods where necessary.

Goods to be insured at the Expense of the Persons depositing the same.

Money advanced to be paid with Interest, after the Rate of 6 per Cent., as Commissioners shall direct.

In Default of Payment of Money advanced, Commissioners to issue their Warrant to Officer to proceed against Securities for Recovery thereof, with Interest and Costs, &c.

the whole of the Sum or Sums advanced and lent thereon, together with Interest; and that upon the Production of the Certificate or Certificates of the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, signifying the Payment thereof as aforesaid, the Officer or Officers having the Care of such Goods, Wares or Merchandises, shall deliver out of the Warehouse or Warehouses or other Places wherein the same shall be so deposited, the whole or so much of the said Goods, Wares or Merchandises as shall be mentioned or expressed in such Certificate or Certificates of such Commissioners.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases where a Permit shall be required by Law for the Removal of any Goods, Wares or Merchandise, from Place to Place within Ireland, such Permit shall be required, in all Cases, for the Removal of the like Goods, Wares and Merchandises, to or from any Warehouse or Warehouses to be provided or used under the Authority of this Act.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every Person depositing or causing to be deposited any Goods, Wares or Merchandises under this Act, shall at his and their proper Charges, if required so to do by the Commissioners for executing this Act, cause the same to be insured from any Loss by Fire, for and during such Time as the said Goods, Wares and Merchandises shall be deposited in any Warehouse or Warehouses or other Place in pursuance of this Act, for such Sum or Sums of Money, and in such Office or with such Person or Persons, as the said Commissioners shall direct or approve.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the principal Sums which shall be advanced or lent under and in pursuance of the Certificates of the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, shall be paid without Deduction or Abatement, together with Interest for the same after the Rate of Six Pounds for every One hundred Pounds by the Year, by such Instalments and in such Proportions and at such Periods and Times as the said Commissioners shall, by and with the Consent of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, direct and appoint, and as shall be specified accordingly in the Securities to be taken by the Commissioners for the Repayment of such Money in Manner directed by this Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Default shall be made by any Person or Persons in the Payment of any Sum or Sums advanced under the Provisions of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, or any Three or more of them, to issue their Warrant or Warrants from time to time to the proper Officer or Officers of the Crown having the Direction or Management of Proceedings upon Obligations to His Majesty in Ireland\ requiring such Officer or Officers presently to proceed against all or any of the Persons who shall have entered into any Security for the Sum advanced, his, her and their Heirs, Executors and Administrators, for the Recovery of such Parts of the Sums advanced on such Securities as shafl be then due, together with Interest as aforesaid, and such Costs and Charges attending such Proceeding as shall be by Law payable for the same; the Amount of which principal

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 39. 165

Sums so to be levied, the said Commissioners shall cause from time to time to be testified by their Note in Writing under the Hands of any Three or more of them respectively, to such Officer or Officers, and which Sum shall be inserted in the Writ or Process; and the like Process shall and may from time to time issue as aforesaid as Occasion shall require; and the Sums so recovered (the Costs and Charges aforesaid excepted) shall be paid to the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of Ireland, without Abatement, Deduction or Delay, in Satisfaction of such Demands; and it shall be in the Discretion of the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, to direct against which of the Obligors or Sureties in such Security such Proceedings shall be from time to time commenced or prosecuted; and the said Commissioners shall have the Controul and Superintendance of such Prosecutions, and the same shall not be discontinued, quashed or abated upon any Pretence whatever, without the Authority of the said Commissioners testified under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more of them, and exhibited to the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Dublin.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Proceedings shall be directed by the said Commissioners under this Act as aforesaid against any of the Obligors or any Obligor named in any such Obligations, no Writ or Writs of Scire facias shall be required to be issued, but that upon the Production of the Warrant or Warrants of the said Commissioners as before mentioned, before any of the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer, an Extent may issue in the First Process upon the Fiat of such Baron, without any Affidavit, or other Verification or Proof of the Cause of such Proceeding, than such Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every Obligation or other Security given or authorised by virtue of this Act, and entered into by any Person or Persons who shall afterwards become Bankrupt within the true Intent and Meaning of the several Statutes made and now in force concerning Bankrupts, and against whom a Commission of Bankrupt shall be awarded and issued out in Ireland, shall by reason and force of such Bankruptcy, and from the Time of such Bankruptcy, become and be forfeited and due and payable as against such Bankrupt or Bankrupts; and that all the Estate and Effects of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, which would be liable to satisfy the Demands of the Creditors seeking Relief under such Commission of Bankrupt, shall be liable and subject to, and are hereby made chargeable with the Payment of the Principal and Interest due upon such Obligation or other Security, and all Costs attending the Recovery of the same; and that the respective Claims of the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act shall be first paid and satisfied out of the Estate and Effects of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, and in preference to the Claim of any other Creditor or Creditors; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in the Name of their Secretary for the time being, to apply by Petition in a summary Way to the proper Court in Ireland having Jurisdiction of the Matters of such Commission of Bankruptcy, to make due Order accordingly, which such Court is hereby authorised and required to make.

Commissioners may select Obligors or Sureties to proceed against.

No Scire facias required, but an Extent in the first Process may be issued.

Estates of Bankrupts liable to Payment of Principal and Interest due on their Obligation, and Costs, in preference to the Claim of other Creditors.

Commissioners may apply by Petition.

C. 39.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Commissioner* may accept Security from the Assignees of such Bankrupts Estates;

t* operate as a Release of Bankrupt's Estate, as here* in mentioned *

Commissioners may apply by petition against Estate of Bankrupt

Proof of Debt given by any Person appointed by Commissioners, to be admitted by Commissioners of Bankrupt

Assignment of Bankrupt's Estate to be subject to the Claims of Commissioners.

Obligation or Security, on being satisfied, to be delivered up to be cancelled;

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act to accept from the Assignees under any Commission of Bankrupt issued against any Debtor or Debtors in any such Loan under this Act, such Security for the Payment of the Sum due from such Bankrupt or Bankrupts out of his or their Estate or Effects, as the said Commissioners shall respectively approve; and that the Acceptance of such Security by the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, shall operate as a Release of the Estate of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, for the Benefit of the Creditors under the said Commission of Bankruptcy from all Claims whatsoever by the said Commissioners, other than and except such Part of the said Estate as shall be specified in Writing, between the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act and the Assignees under the said Commission of Bankruptcy, to be reserved by the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act for such Security as aforesaid, in case the Commissioners shall require Security.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, in the Name of their Secretary for the time being, to apply by Petition or otherwise to the proper Court in Ireland, for any Commission of Bankruptcy against the Estate and Effects of any Bankrupt or Bankrupts, and to sue or otherwise pursue the same respectively, in like Manner as any other Creditor or Creditors is or are by Law entitled to do in Ireland.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners named in any Commission of Bankruptcy which shall at any time hereafter be awarded and issued out in Ireland, shall admit the Proof of any Debt, or Grounds of Debt under this Act, on the Oath, Affirmation or Affidavit of any Person appointed by the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act; which Oath, Affirmation and Affidavit respectively, shall be taken and administered before any one of the proper Officers having Authority by Law to administer Oaths or Affirmations, or to take Affidavits in Cases of Bankruptcy; and shall permit such Person so authorised by the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, to vote in the Choice of an Assignee or Assignees of the Estate and Effects of such Bankrupts, and to do and execute every other Act, Matter or Thing relating to such Bankruptcy, as fully and effectually as if such Person so authorised were the bona fide Creditor of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent, hinder or delay the Execution of any Commission of Bankruptcy by the Commissioners therein named, according to the Laws now in force in Ireland; provided that every Assignment of the Estate or Effects of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, under every such Commission, shall be subject to the Claims of the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, and until the same shall be fully paid.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That after the due Payment of the Sums so advanced under the Provisions of this Act, with the Interest as aforesaid, at the Times and in the Manner specified in the Obligation or Security taken for the same, every such Obligation

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. SO.

167

gation or Security being fully satisfied, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be forthwith delivered up to be cancelled; and in case any Proceedings shall have been had on such Obligation or Security, according to the Directions of this Act, the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, shall, by a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, direct the proper Officer or Officers of the said Court of Exchequer to enter up Satisfaction, on such Obligation or Security so being satisfied as aforesaid, upon the Record, or otherwise to deliver up the same to be cancelled, us the Case may require.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That every Obligation or Security which has been or may be taken as aforesaid, and whereby any Person or Persons shall have engaged for the Repayment of any Sum of Money, other than the Person or Persons to whom or for whose Use such Sum has been or may be advanced, after Payment or Recovery thereupon by the said Commissioners of the Sums advanced or lent, with all Interest and Costs, in the Manner required by this Act, shall stand and remain as a further Security for the Purposes and in the Manner hereinafter mentioned; that is to say, it* any such Person or Persons so being merely a Surety or Sureties therein, his, her or their Executors or Administrators, shall have paid or satisfied any Part of such Sums, Interest or Costs, then such Obligation or Security as against the Principal, his or their Executors or Administrators, shall stand as a Security as aforesaid for the Reimbursement of such Sureties respectively, their Executors or Administrators, of the Whole of such Sums so paid or satisfied, and so from time to time until such Reimbursements shall be fully made according to the Intent of this Act; and if any such Sureties or Surety, their or his Executors or Administrators, shall have paid or satisfied any Sum which shall bear a greater Proportion to the Whole of the Sums recovered upon such Obligation or Security, than the Sum for which such Surety respectively shall have been so engaged shall bear to the total Amount of all the several Sums of Money for which all the several Sureties shall have been engaged by such Obligation or Security, then such Obligation or Security, as against every of the Sureties who shall not nave paid or satisfied an equal Proportion of the whole Sum recovered according to the Sum for which he shall have been respectively engaged, their and every of their Heirs, Executors and Administrators respectively, shall stand as a Security for the Benefit of such Sureties or Surety, their Executors or Administrators respectively, who shall have paid or satisfied any such Sums as aforesaid, for the Purpose of enforcing a Contribution amongst such Sureties in an equal Proportion to the several Sums for which they shall have been respectively engaged, and so from time to time until such Contribution shall be fully made according to the Intent of this Act; and that in every such Case, upon the Application of any Sureties or Surety for any of the Purposes aforesaid to the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, the said Commissioners shall cause the respective Claims of such Sureties or Surety respectively, and the Suras to be recovered from such Principals or Sureties respectively, their and every of their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, to be adjusted and settled as herein is mentioned, so that the whole Sum recovered shall be distributed

and Satisfaction entered.

Obligations to remain a Security against Principals for the Reimbursement of Securities in tho Manner herein mentioned.

C. 39.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Commission era to direct Process to issue.

Process may issue against Principals Tor the Benefit of Sureties.

Proviso as to Two or more Sureties bound by distinct Instruments *

Goods deposited to be rested in Commissioners, who may sell the same in Default of Payment of Money advanced.

Receipts to be given for Payments made by the Persons to whom Money shall be advanced; and also for the Money levied by Sale of the Goods, &c,

in an equal Proportion, according to the Sums for which each Surety respectively hath been engaged in the same Obligation or Security, and so from time to time as the Case shall require; and thereupon the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, by Warrant or Warrants in Writing under their Hands, shall from time to time direct Process to issue for the Recovery of such Sums as they shall have so adjusted and settled, to be respectively recovered from and paid to such Persons respectively as they shall specify in such Warrant or Warrants, under and subject to the several Regulations and Directions in this Act contained as aforesaid.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That such Process as aforesaid shall and may lawfully issue on any such Obligation or Security as aforesaid against any such Principals or Principal, their or his Heirs, Executors or Administrators, for the Benefit of any such Sureties or Surety, their or his Executors or Administrators, and against any such Sureties or Surety, their or his Executors or Administrators as aforesaid, for the Benefit of any Cosureties or Cosurety, their or his Executors or Administrators, notwithstanding the whole Sum which has been advanced to such Principals or Principal shall have been repaid; and in case Two or more Sureties shall have become bound by distinct Instruments for the same Persons or Person, and for or on account of the same Advance, all and every the Provisions aforesaid shall be applied in like Manner as well for the Benefit of as against such Sureties or Surety, and against such Principals or Principal, as if all'such Sureties and Principals respectively were named in the same Instrument.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares and Merchandises which shall have been or shall be deposited for the Purposes aforesaid with the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, shall be for such Purposes vested in the said Commissioners by the Name of "The Commissioners for distributing the Sums advanced by the Bank of Ireland in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty," and shall and may be sold, applied and disposed of for Payment and Satisfaction'of the Sums lent thereon, with the Interest thereof, and all Costs and Charges attending such Sale, whenever Default shall be made in Payment of such Sums, in such Manner and at such Times as shall have been or shall be specified in the Instruments made and entered into at the Time of the depositing of such Goods, Wares and Merchandises respectively.

XaXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act shall, whenever the Sums advanced or lent, or which shall be advanced or lent to any Person or Persons, or any Proportion or Instalment thereof, shall be repaid, deliver to the Person or Persons to whom the same shall have been advanced or lent, at his or their Request, a Receipt or Receipts under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, specifying the Amount of the Sum or Sums so received, and the Sum or Sums originally advanced or lent, and the Times of lending thereof, and the Times appointed for the Repayment thereof, and the Amount of the Principal then due, together with Interest, to be computed at the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per Annumt

1° GEO. IV. C. 39. 169

from the Time of the Advance to the Time of Payment as aforesaid; and that whenever the said Commissioners shall by their Warrant or Order direct any such Monies to be raised or levied by Sale of any Goods, Wares or Merchandises deposited as a Security for such Sum so lent and advanced, or by any Proceedings on any Securities taken as aforesaid, the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, shall deliver to the Officer or Officers executing the same respectively, a like Receipt as aforesaid, and further specifying therein the Amount of the Monies so raised or levied, and the Substance of the Warrant or Order of the Commissioners to raise or levy the same; and the Particulars of every such Receipt shall, by the Secretary or sworn Clerk to the said Commissioners, be entered in proper Books to be provided and kept for that Purpose at the Office of the said Commissioners; and the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, shall at the Foot of such Receipt attest such Entry under their Hands, and deliver the said Receipt or Receipts to the Person or Persons requiring the same; and every such Receipt so attested, and every such Entry in any of the said Books, shall respectively from thenceforth be an Acquittance and Discharge for the Sums expressed therein to have been received, as against the said Commissioners, and every of them, their and every of their Executors and Administrators, as well to the Person or Persons to whom such Receipt shall be given, as to all and every Persons who shall have entered into any Security in respect of the Money mentioned in such Receipt, their and every of their Executors and Administrators respectively; and the said Commissioners shall, within Ten Days after the Receipt of any such Sum and Sums of Money, pay over to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, so much of every Sum so received by the said Commissioners, as shall be equal to the principal Sum received, with Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum on such Sum, from the Time when the same was advanced by the said Governor and Company up to the Time of the Payment thereof; and the Cashier of the said Bank shall from time to time accept and receive such Sums from the said Commissioners, and give to the said Commissioners Receipts and Acquittances for the same, if required; which Receipts and Acquittances shall be entered in the proper Books of the said Commissioners, and shall *be an Acquittal to the said Commissioners for so much and such Sums as shall be specified therein; and all the Excess of Interest which shall be received by the said Commissioners on such Sum or Sums as shall be repaid to them, exceeding the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum so paid by them to the Governor and Company of the said Bank, shall by the said Commissioners be retained and employed as a Fund to defray all Costs and Expenses which shall have been or maybe incurred under the Direction of the said Commissioners in the Execution of this Act as aforesaid, and which shall be approved of by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being; and the Surplus of such Excess of Interest (if any) shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland by the said Commissioners, and be applied in the first Place to make good any Loss which may accrue by the Insufficiency of any Security taken by the said

Corn-

Particulars of such Receipt to be entered.

Such Entry attested by Commissioner *

Money so received to be paid over to the Bank with 5 per Cent. Interest.

Receipts and Acquittances to be entered in proper Books.

Excess of Interest to be a Fund to defray Expenses.

1° GEO. IV.

If Money lent by the Bank be not paid by July 11, 1821, DeH-ciency to be made good in manner herein mentioned.

Proviso for carrying Monies afterwards received to Consolidated Fund.

On Vacancy, the remaining Commissioners to appoint others (with Consent of Lord Lieutenant^ in the Room of such as decline to act, &c.

Such Persons to take the aforesaid Oath.

C. 39.

A.D. 1820.

Commissioners, and the Remainder be made a Part of the Consolidated Fund.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall happen that any Part of the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, lent and advanced by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, shall not be fully paid and satisfied to the said Governor and Company on or before the Eleventh Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, with Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum from the Time when the same shall have been respectively advanced, then and in such Case such Deficiency shall and may be supplied and made good in manner hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say) , that the Commissioners under this Act shall certify by Writing under their Hands and Seals, or the Hands and Seals of any Five of them, to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, the Amount of the Principal and Interest so remaining unpaid to the said Governor and Company, after the Time when the same ought to have been paid and satisfied as aforesaid; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to issue One or more Treasury Bill or Bills to the Amount of such Deficiency, to pass current at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland, at the End of One Year after the Date thereof, payable to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, with Interest from the Date thereof at Five Pounds per Centum per Annum; and that it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company to receive the same: Provided always, that whatever Monies shall be afterwards received by the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, firom the Parties liable on account of the Sum or Sums so deficient, shall be paid by the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act into the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, and shall be carried to and make Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act shall decline to act in the Execution of the Powers and Trusts hereof, or having begun to act shall decline to act any further therein, or shalhdie during the Continuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the remaining Commissioners or the major Part of them, acting as aforesaid, by any Writing under their Hands and Seals, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to constitute and appoint such Person or Persons tabe a Commissioner or Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, in the Place of the Commissioner or Commissioners so refusing to act, or declining further to act, or dying as aforesaid, as the said acting Commissioners or the major Part of them, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, shall think fit, and so as often as such Case shall happen; and the Person or Persons so constituted and appointed by the said Commissioners with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, having first qualified to act by taking and subscribing the Oath hereinbefore provided and directed, shall be invested with the same Powers and Authorities as

1° GEO. IV.

171

C. 39.

are given or delegated by this Act unto the Commissioners for the Execution of mis Act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act shall and may sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary for the time being; and that no Action or Suit in Law or Equity, to be brought or commenced by or against the said Commissioners on account of any thing done under this Act, in the Name of their Secretary for the time being, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Secretary, or by the Act of such Secretary without the Consent of the said Commissioners, but the Secretary to the said Commissioners for the time being shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action or Suit, as the Case may be; and no Action or Suit shall be brought against the said Commissioners collectively or individually, or against their Secretary, except in the said Court of Exchequer in Ireland, and with the Leave of such Court first had and obtained, and upon such Terms and Conditions as the said Court shall direct.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act shall from time to time, at their Discretion, or as often as they shall be thereunto required, during their carrying on any Proceedings by virtue of this Act, and as soon as possible after the Determination of such Proceedings, without any further Requisition, give an Account of their Proceedings in Writing to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and also to the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, to be laid before both Houses of Parliament.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act shall and may receive and send all their Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage; provided that such Letters and Packets as shall be sent to the said Commissioners shall be directed to the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, or to theft Secretary, at their Office; and that all such Letters and Packets as shall be sent by the said Commissioners shall be dated from their said Office, and shall be signed on the Outside of such Letters and Packets by their Secretary, or such Person as the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act shall appoint, with the Consent of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and under such Restrictions and Regulations as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors respectively shall think proper and direct.

XL. And be it further enacted, That no Obligation or Security for any Loan of Money tender the Provisions of this Act, nor any Affidavit, Deposition or Receipt to be respectively taken or made under and by virtue of this Act, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever; any thing in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act, until Fourteen Days' Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to the Secretary

Commissioners to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary, &c.

Commissioners to give an Account of their Proceedings to the Lord Lieutenant and to the Treasury, &c.

Commissioners to receive and send Letters free from Postage, under the Regulations herein mentioned.

Obligations,

Stc, not liable* to Stamp Dutyv

Limitation of Actions.

C. 39, *0.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

Counterfeiting Certificates* &c, Felony.

Death.

Affirmation may be administered.

Act may be altered, &c.

39 G. 3. (I.)

for the time being of the said Commissioners, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction or a Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed; and such Action shall be brought in the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, and shall be laid in the City of Dublin and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to be so done, or if such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time hereinbefore limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought without Fourteen Days* Notice thereof, or shall be brought in any other County or Place, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in any other Cases by Law.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge, counterfeit or alter, or cause or procure to be forged, counterfeited or altered, or knowingly or wilfully act or assist in the forging, counterfeiting or altering, any Certificate or Certificates of the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, or any of them, or any Receipt or Receipts to be given in pursuance of this Act, or snail utter any such forged, counterfeited or altered Certificate or Certificates, Receipt or Receipts, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited or altered, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Person whomsoever, then and in every such Case all and every Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where an Oath may be administered by this Act, it shall be lawful to administer an Affirmation in lieu thereof, as the Case may require.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or any of the Provisions thereof, may be amended, altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XL.

An Act to amend and explain an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty ninth Year of His late Majesty, to enable certain Persons to recover a just Compensation for the Tithes withheld from them in the Years One thousand seven hundred and ninety seven and One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight [8th July 1820.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty ninth Year of the lleiign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to enable all Kccle-

1 siastical

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV *

C. 40, 41

173

siastical Persons and Bodies, Rectors, Vicars and Curates, and

4 Impropriators, flwrf deriving by, /ro?» or under them, fo recover a just Compensation for the Tithes withheld from them in 4 T'cars One thousand seven hundred and ninety seven and One

thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, against such Persons as were liable to the same, it was amongst other Things enacted,

" that all Leases or Demises of Tithes which should be made or executed at any time after the passing of the said Act, by any Person or Persons who was or were himself or themselves entitled to such Tithes solely by virtue of a Lease or Leases executed to him or them by Ecclesiastical Persons or Bodies,

4 Rectors, Vicars and Curates, or Impropriators, other than Leases or Demises of the Tithes to the actual Occupiers of the Lands subject and liable to the Payment of the Tithe demised, should be utterly null and void And Whereas Doubts have arisen and are entertained, whether, under the said Provision of the said Act, Persons are not incapacitated to make such Leases, though bound so to do under and by virtue of Covenants made and entered into previous to the passing of the said Act, to the great Injury and Oppression of the Persons entitled to the Benefit of the said Covenants Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That nothing in Lewes cove-the said Act shall extend or be taken to extend to make null and named forpre-Noid any Lease of Tithes made or executed, or hereafter to be vious to recited made and executed, under and by virtue of any Covenant which was bona fide made and entered into previous to the passing of the said Act; nor to incapacitate any Person or Persons from making and executing any Lease or Leases in pursuance of such Covenant as aforesaid.

CAP. XLI.

An Act to extend the Benefit of Two Acts, made in the Fifty sixth and Fifty eighth Years of the Iteign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for amending the Law of Ireland respecting the Recovery of Tenements from absconding, overholding and defaulting Tenants.

[8th Jxdy 1820.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of His 5c 0.3. c. 88. late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to § -> — -3.

amend the Law of Ireland respecting the Recovery of Tenements from absconding, overholding and defaulting Tenants y and for the Protection of the Tenant from undue Distress; and by an Act 58 g. 3. c. 59. 4 passed in the Fifty eighth Year of His said late Majesty, for $ 1.

explaining and amending the said recited Act of the Fifty sixth Year; divers Provisions and Regulations were made relating to Tenements held by Tenants at a Rent not exceeding Twenty Pounds a Year, and relating to the Landlords and Tenants of such Tenements; and such Provisions have been found highly beneficial, and it is expedient that the same should be extended Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty,

C. 41, 42, 43.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Provisions of recited Acts extended to all Tenements not exceeding 501. per Annum, Ac.

What shall be deemed sufficient Service of Notice on Tenants.

56 G. 3. c. 104. §6.

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Provisions and Directions in the recited Acts or either of them contained, and relating to the Tenements held by any Tenants at a Rent not exceeding Twenty Pounds per Annum, or to the Landlords or Tenants of such Tenements, shall be and the same are hereby extended and shall be deemed and construed to extend to all Tenements held at* any Rent not exceeding Fifty Pounds per Annum, and to the Landlords and Tenants of such Tenements; and that the Judges of Assizes in the Civil Courts of the several Counties in Ireland, the Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace for the County of Dublin, the Recorder of the City of Dublin for the County of the City of Dublin, and the several Assistant Barristers of the other Counties in Ireland respectively, shall have, use and exercise such and the like Jurisdiction, and that it shall be lawful to proceed by Civil Bill, in such and the like manner in all Respects and to all Intents and Purposes under the said Act, in Cases where any Tenements are held at a Rent not exceeding Fifty Pounds per Annum, as in and by the said recited Acts or either of them is enacted and provided in Cases where Tenements are held at a Rent not exceeding Twenty Pounds per Annum, and as if the said Acts or either of them had been previously extended to Tenements not exceeding Fifty Pounds per Annum, and the Landlords and Tenants of such Tenements.

II. And Whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Validity of Notices on Tenants of Lands and Tenements, or on their Wives,

4 Children or Servants, in certain Cases Be it enacted, That whenever it shall happen that the Tenant of any Lands or Tenements in Ireland shall not be resident in such Lands or Tenements, the Delivery of any Notice or Process to such Tenant in Person, or at the Dwelling House of such Tenant to his Wife, or to any Child or Servant of such Tenant, being of the Age of Sixteen Years or upwards, shall in all Cases be deemed good and sufficient Service of any such Notice or Process, although such Tenant shall not be resident or his Dwelling House, shall not be situate on the Lands or Tenements demised to such Tenant, or to which such Notice or Process shall relate; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. XLII.

An Act to authorise a Composition for the Debt remaining: due to His Majesty from the late Abraham Goldsmid Merchant, and his surviving Partners.

[8th July 1820.]

CAP. XLIII.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to Smuggling, and the Coasting Trade in Great Britain.

[15th July 1820.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the

4 Reign of His late Majesty, for, amongst other Things,

making more effectual Provision for the Prevention of Smuggling, certain Kewards are granted to Officers of the Army,

4 Navy,

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 4S.

175

Navy, Marines, t>r Officers acting under the Orders of the Lord

High Admiral or Commissioners ior executing the Office of Lord

High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and of Officers on Half Pay, and of all Officers acting under the Orders of the Commissioners of Customs or Excise of England, Scotland or Ireland respectively; for and in repect of all Seizures of Ships, Boats and Vessels, Goods, Wares and Merchandise, under any Law or Laws of Customs or Excise then in force, at Sea, or for being unshipped or landed without Payment of His Majesty's Duties of Customs or Excise respectively payable on the legal Importation of such Goods, Wares or Merchandise, or the Importation of which shall be wholly prohibited:

And Whereas it is expedient that the said Act, so far as regards the Rewards for Seizures as aforesaid, and the Deduction of Ten per Centum to be made thereupon, should be repealed, and other Rewards granted in lieu thereof:' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in tta» present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the tamOi That from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the before-recited Act as relates to the granting of such Rewards for such Seizures as aforesaid, and the Deduction of Ten per Centum to be made therefrom, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and instead and in lieu thereof the following Rewards shall be paid and allowed for and in respect of all Seizures of Spirits, Tobacco and Snuff, under any Law or Laws of Customs or Excise now in force, at Sea, or for being unshipped or landed without Payment of His Majesty's Duties of Customs or Excise respectively payable on the legal Importation of such Goods, Wares or Merchandise, or the Importation of which shall be wholly prohibited; that is to say, if any such Officer or Officers making any such Seizure of any Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, at Sea, shall also arrest, stop and detain all the Persons who shall be or shall have been employed in navigating the Ship, Boat or other Vessel in or on board of which such Goods, Wares or Merchandise shall be, and shall have been imported and brought from Parts beyond the Seas; and shall also seize and secure such Ship, Boat or other Vessel; or making such Seizure on Shore, shairalso arrest, stop and detain all and every the Person and Persons who shall be unlading, removing, carrying or concealing such Goods, Wares or Merchandise landed without Payment of Duty, or wholly prohibited as aforesaid, and then seized, and also seize and secure the Cart and other Carriages, and Horse and Horses and Cattle used for removing and carrying the same; and such Officer or Officers as aforesaid shall take and convey, or cause every such Person so arrested, stopped or detained as aforesaid, to be taken or conveyed before One or morp of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, so that he and they may be dealt with according to Law; then and in every such Case such Officer or Officers making such Seizure shall be entitled to and shall be paid Seven eighths of the Value of such Goods, after deducting Seven per Centum on account of the Costs and Charges incurred in the Seizure, Condemnation, and Disposal of the said Goods; and in case some or one only of such Persons as aforesaid shall he seized,

7 arrested

So much of re* cited Act as relates to Rewards on Seizures repealed Officers inakingSeizures of Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, at Sea, and detaining Ship and Crew, &c. entitled to Seven eighths of Value after deducting Seven per Cent, for Costs.

In what Cases they shall be allowed Three

P GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

fourths of the Value;

Two thirds of the Value;

One half of the Value;

and One third of the Value.

Seixures of Spirits, Tobacco and Snuff, found at Sea by Persons not in Service of Revenue, Officers seising entitled to One fourth of the Value.

C. 43.

arrested or detained, and brought before such Justice or Justices, and shall, if Subjects of His Majesty, be found fit for His Majesty's Naval Service, and duly transferred thereto, and the rest shall unavoidably escape, and the Ship, Boat or other Vessel, in which such Goods shall have been imported, or brought from Parts beyond the Seas, shall also be seized and secured as aforesaid, such Officer or Officers making such Seizure as last aforesaid, shall be entitled to, and shall be paid Three fourths of the Value of such Goods, after such Deduction as aforesaid; and in case such Officer or Officers as aforesaid, making such Seizure as aforesaid, shall stop, arrest and detain one or more of the Men from whom the same shall be seized, and shall produce such Person or Persons before the Justice or Justices, to be dealt with according to Law, and the Person or Persons so arrested shall, if Subjects of His Majesty, be found fit for His Majesty's Naval Service, and be duly transferred thereto, then and in such Case such Officer or Officers shall be entitled to and shall be paid Two thirds of the Value of such Goods, with such Deduction as aforesaid; and in case such Officer or Officers as aforesaid, making any such Seizure as aforesaid, shall also seize and secure the Ship, Boat or other Vessel as aforesaid, in which such Goods shall have been imported or brought from Parts beyond the Seas, or the Cart and other Carriage or Carriages, Horse or Horses, or Cattle as. aforesaid, but shall not also stop, arrest and detain, and produce before the Justice or Justices, such Persons as aforesaid, or some or one of them, fit for His Majesty's Naval Service, if Subjects of His Majesty, then and in such Case such Officer or Officers making such Seizures shall be entitled to and shall be paid a Moiety of the Value of such Goods, after the Deduction aforesaid; and in case any such Officer or Officers shall make Seizure of any such Goods, Wares and Merchandise as aforesaid, and shall neither seize and secure the Ship, Boat or other Vessel in which such Goods shall have been imported or brought from Parts beyond the Seas as aforesaid, or arrest, detain and produce before the Justice or Justices, and if a Subject or Subjects of His Majesty, deliver over for the Use of His Majesty's Navy as aforesaid, any of the Persons aforesaid, then and in such Case such Officer or Officers making such Seizure of such Goods, Wares or Merchandise only, shall be entitled to and shall be paid, after such Deduction as aforesaid, One third Part of the Value of such Goods as aforesaid.

II. And Whereas it is expedient to make particular Provision

in respect to the Rewards to be paid for Seizures of Spirits,

Tobacco and Snuff, found at Sea, and brought into Port by Persons not in the Service of the Revenue, and delivered to the

Officer for Seizure; and for Seizure of Spirits, Tobacco and

Snuff, on Information of the same having been sunk in the Sea,

or floating thereon Be it therefore enacted, That in every Case of Seizure of Spirits, Tobacco and Snuff, found at Sea, and brought into Port by Persons not in the Service of the Revenue, and delivered to any Officer or Officers for Seizure; and in every Case of Seizure of Spirits, Tobacco and Snuff, on Information of the same having been sunk in the Sea, or floating thereon; the Officer or Officers making such Seizures shall be entitled to and

1° GEO. IV. C. 43.

. 177

shall be paid One fourth Part of the Value of such Goods, after such Deduction as aforesaid; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, upon Proof being made to their Satisfaction, that the Failure of any such Officer or Officers upon making any such Seizure as aforesaid, in arresting all or any of the Persons aforesaid, and producing them or him before such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, or delivering them or him over for the Use of His Majesty's Navy, or seizing and securing such Ship, Boat or other Vessel, was not owing to any Want of Exertion on the Part of such Officer or Officers, but was solely occasioned by Resistance, or from the Violence of the Sea, Darkness of the Night, or other insurmountable Obstacles, to grant to such Officer or Officers such further Part of the Value of such Seizure as aforesaid, as by them may be deemed expedient in that Behalf, or to give such other Directions relative thereto, as by them may be deemed advisable.

III. And Whereas, by the Laws now in force, Boats of certain Dimensions and Constructions are liable to Seizure, unless licensed by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, and Security given according to Law that such Boats shall not be used or employed in any Way or any Manner whatever contrary to the Laws in force or thereafter to be made relative to the Revenue of Customs: And Whereas it is expedient to exempt Boats belonging to square-rigged Ships or Vessels from such Liability to Seizure; Be it therefore enacted, That nothing in the said Law shall extend to require any Licence or Bond, or to forfeit any Boat for Want thereof, which shall belong to any square-rigged Ship or Vessel, on account of the Dimensions or Construction of such Boat, provided such Boat is with the Ship or Vessel, or employed on the Duty or Service of the Ship or Vessel to which it may belong.

IV. And Whereas it is expedient that His Majesty should be enabled from time to time to procure and take fora Time or Terra of Years, all such Lands, not exceeding One Half Acre at any one Station, as are, shall or may be wanted for the Purposes of erecting and maintaining Watch Houses, Dwelling Houses, and other Buildings requisite and necessary for the Security and Protection of the Revenues of Customs and Excise, together also with all necessary Ways unto and from the same Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britaiji and Ireland, or for any Three or more Commissioners of the Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, from time to time, by any Writing under their Hands, to authorise any Person or Persons to survey and mark out any such Lands, not exceeding One Half Acre at any one Station, which are, shall or may be wanted for the Purposes aforesaid, or any or either of them; such Lands being situated within Half a Mile of the Sea Shore, or of the Tideway of any navigable River; and to treat and agree with the Owner or Owners thereof, or any Person or Persons interested therein, for the Possession thereof for such Time or Term of Years as the Public Service shall require.

Treasury may grant further Reward to Officers, where upon Failure Exertion was not wanting lo make the Seizure more complete.

Boats belonging to square-rigged Vessels, and in use, exempt from Seizure on account of their Dimensions and Construction.

Treasury may authorise Persons to survey and mark out Lands for Watchhouses, &c. for Protection of the Revenue.

C. 4S.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Bodies Politic, &c. may contract for the Sale of Premises.

Persons refusing to sell or to ateept the Consideration offered, Two Justices, Ac, may put His Majesty's Officers into Possession, and a Jury shall be summoned, who shall find the Compensation to be made.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, and all Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other public Purposes, and for all Tenants for Life and Tenants in Tail, and for the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, Curators or Attornies of such of the Owners or Proprietors of, or Persons interested in any such Lands required for such Public Service, as shall be Femes Covert, Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, or Persons beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapable of acting for themselves, to contract and agree with such Person or Persons authorised as aforesaid, for the Grant of any Lease of such Lands, either for any Term of Years certain therein, or for such Periodis as the Public Service shall require, And to demise or grant the same unto the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, in Trust for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors accordingly; and all such Leases and Agreements shall be valid and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Bodies or other Persons hereby authorised to contract on behalf of themselves or others as aforesaid, or any other Person or Persons interested in any such Lands which shall be so marked out and surveyed for the Public Service, shall, for the Space of Fourteen Days next after Notice in Writing, subscribed by such Person or Persons authorised as aforesaid, shall have been given to the principal Officer or Officers of any such Body, or to such other Persona hereby authorised to contract on behalf of others, or interested themselves as aforesaid, or left at his, her or their usual Place of Abode, refuse or decline to treat or agree, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating or agreeing with such Person or Persons authorised as aforesaid, or shall refuse to accept such annual Rent or Sum as shall be offered for the Hire thereof, either for a Time certain or for such Period as the Public Service may require; and in case also it shall not be practicable to procure by voluntary Bargain or Sale any other Land situated as aforesaid, and suited to the Purpose for which such Lands are required, then and in such case it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons so authorised as aforesaid, to require Two or more Justices of the Peace, or Three or more Deputy Lieutenants (one of whom shall be a Justice of the Peace) , or Two or more Deputy Governors for the County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place where such Lands shall be, to issue their Warrant to the Sheriffs of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place wherein such Lands shall be situate, to summon a Jury; and every such Sheriff is hereby -authorised and required to summon and return a July properly qualified, of the Number of Twenty four, and in the Manner required by the Laws of England, Ireland and Scotland respectively, who shall meet at some convenient Time and Place to be mentioned in such Summons, out of whom a Jury of Twelve shall be drawn, in such Manner as Juries for the Trial of Issues joined in His Majesty's Courts at Westminster and Dublin are drawn by Law in England and Ireland respectively, and in such Manner as Juries are drawn by Law for the Trial of Offences in Scotland; and in case a sufficient Number shall not appear, the said Sheriff shall choose others of the Bye-standers, or that can speedily be

C. 43.

179

procured, being qualified as aforesaid; and the said Jurymen may be challenged by the Parties on either Side, but not the Array; and the said Justices, Deputy Lieutenants or Governors respectively, on the Application of the said Persons so authorised, or of any Parties concerned, may and shall summon Witnesses, and adjourn, any such Meeting if Jurymen or Witnesses do not attend; and the Jury, on hearing any Witnesses and Evidence that may be produced, shall on their Oaths (which Oaths, as also the Oaths of such Witnesses, the said Justices, Deputy Lieutenants or Governors respectively, are hereby empowered and required to administer) , find the Compensation to be paid for the Possession or Use of such Lands, as the Case may be; and upon such Compensation being paid or tendered to the Persons entitled to receive the same, it shall be lawful for the said Justices, Deputy Lieutenants, or Deputy Governors, to put His Majesty's Officers into Possession or such Lands, and for that Purpose to issue a Warrant under their Hands and Seals requiring Possession to be delivered to such of His Majesty's Officers as shall be named in the said Warrant.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Owners of any Lands so required, of any Person interested therein, shall at any time before the summoning of such Jury as aforesaid, give Notice in Writing of any other Lands situate as aforesaid, and suited to the Purpose for which such Lands are required, and which the Owners thereof, or Persons interested therein, are willing to treat and agree for, then and in such Case the Jury so to be summoned shall previously find the Facts, whether the Lands so indicated in such Notice are situate within the Distance aforesaid, and are suited to the/ Purpose for which such Lands may be required, and whether the Owners thereof are willing to treat and agree for the same; and if they shall so find, the Owners of or Persons interested in the Lands so surveyed and marked out as aforesaid shall not be compellable by virtue of this Act to sell or dispose of the same: Provided also, that where the Owners of or Persons interested in any Lands required by virtue of this Act to be given up for the Purposes aforesaid shall prefer to sell the same outright, and shall be able to make a good Title to the Fee Simple thereof, it shall be lawful for them to insist on so doing; and in such Case the Jury so summoned as aforesaid shall find the Value of the Fee Simple of such Lands, and the same shall be paid to the Owners thereof, or Persons interested therein, in the Manner directed by this Act.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Lord High Treasurer, or the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Person interested therein, shall bfc dis-satisfied with the Verdict of any such Jury, it shall be lawful for them, or their Attornies in England and Ireland, to apply to the Court of Exchequer at Westminster or Dublin respectively, in the Term next, and in Scotland to apply within Fourteen Days after the finding any such Verdict, to the Court of Session in Scotland in Time of Session, or Lord Ordinary on the Bills in Time of Vacation, and to suggest to the said Courts or Lord Ordinary respectively, that they have reason to be dis-satisfied with such Verdict, and forthwith to give Notice thereof to the said Lord High Treasurer

Challenge to Jurymen, but not to the Array.

Jury, on hearing Evidence, to find Compensadon upon Oath.

Possession.

Lands that arc suitable may be taken in lieu of such as have been marked out.

[Proviso.]

If any Person be dis-satisfied with Verdict, Appeal may be made to the Court of Exchequer in England or Ireland, or to Court of Session, &c. in Scotland.

C. 43.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Proceedings in England and Ireland.

Proceedings in Scotland.

Jury in ascertaining Compensation for Premise* to settle Proportion to lie paid Les-seesy&c.

Proviso where Enquiry had on

or Commissioners or Party (as the Case may be); ami* thereupon in England and Ireland, the Proceedings that shall have been had, and the Verdict of such Jury, shall be returned into the said Courts of Exchequer respectively; and if it shall appear to the said Courts to be proper, a Suggestion shall be entered on such Proceedings as aforesaid, and a Writ shall thereupon by Rule of such Court, or Order of any Judge of such Court, be directed to the Sheriff of such County where the Lands shall lie, or if the same shall lie in Two Counties, to the Sheriff of either of such Counties, to summon either a Common or Special Jury, according to the Application that shall have been made on that Behalf, and as the Court or as such Judge shall allow, and who shall respectively be qualified according to Law, to appear before the said Justice or Justices of Assize or Nisi Prius of that County, at the next Assizes or Sittings of Nisi Prius, if the same shall not happen sooner than Twenty one Days after such Suggestion, otherwise at the next succeeding Assizes or Sittings; and the Compensation to be paid for the Possession or Use of such Lands shall at such Assizes or Sittings be ascertained by such Jury, in like Manner as any Damages may be enquired of upon any Inquisition or Enquiry of Damages by any Jury before any Judge of Assize or Nisi Prius, and the Verdict of such Jury shall be returned to the said Court of Exchequer, and shall be final and conclusive; and in Scotland, if it shall appear proper to the said Court of Session or Lord Ordinary upon such Application so to do, the said Court or Lord Ordinary shall order and direct the Sheriff of the County where such Lands shall lie, or if the same shall lie in Two Counties, the Sheriff of either of such Counties, to summon another Jury in the Manner in which Juries are summoned in Scotland, properly qualified according to Law, to appear before the Lords or Lord of Justiciary at the next Circuit, if the same shall not happen sooner than Twenty one Days after such Application, otherwise at the next succeeding Circuit; and the Compensation as aforesaid for the Lands shall at such Circuit be ascertained by a Jury drawn from the Jury summoned as aforesaid, in such Manner as Juries are drawn in Scotland, under the Direction of the said Lords or Lord of Justiciary as aforesaid; and the Verdict ef such last mentioned Juries shall be final and conclusive, without being subject to Review or Challenge of any kind, unless the Court that shall have allowed such Enquiry shall think fit, on any Application made within Four Days after the Commencement of the succeeding Term or Session, if in Scotland, to order any new Trial in relation thereto.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Jury impannelled before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, or Deputy Lieutenant or Deputy Governor, or before any Judge of Assize or Nisi Prius, to ascertain the Compensation to be paid for any Lands under this Act, and they are hereby required to ascertain and settle the Proportion to be paid out of such Compensation, to any Person or Persons having any Interest as Lessees or Tenants at Will, or otherwise, in any such Lands; and the Proportion to be paid out of such Compensation shall be returned on the Verdict; Provided also, that where any such Enquiry before any Judge of Assize or Nisi Prius or Lords or Lord

X

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 43. 181

«jf Justiciary, shall he hail on the Application of any such Lessee Application of or Tenant at Will, or other Person having any interior Interest in Lessee, any such Lands, who may have been dis-satisfied with the Proportion of Compensation settled by the Jury, to be paid in respect of such Interest, it shall not be lawful for the Jury in any such Case to alter the Amount of the entire Compensation awarded by any former Verdict to be paid for such Lands, but only the Proportion thereof to be paid to the Person or Persons having separate Interest therein; and it shall not be lawful for any Jury, on any Inquiry had before any Judge of Assize or Nisi Prius, or Lords or Lord of Justiciary, as to any such Compensation, on the Application of the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, in any Case in which the whole Compensation awarded by the former Jury is confirmed by the Jury on such Enquiry, to alter the Proportion that shall have been settled by any such former Jury as to any separate Interest in any such Lands.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be Security to be lawful for the Court or Judge, or Lord Ordinary, making any such given for Costs. Rule or Order, to require that the Party on whose Application the

same shall be made, shall give such Security as shall to such Court,

Judge or Lord Ordinary seem proper for Payment of Costs, under such Circumstances as shall be specified in any Rule or Order made for that Purpose.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any In Cases where Lands shall be taken under the Provisions of this Act, for any Lands arc Term of Years or for such Period only as the Public Service shall £ken fofr require, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or Com- aii^ionT^ niissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any other Person or Per- for the Public sons so authorised as aforesaid, at any time before the Possession Service to be of any Lands which shall have been taken for the Purposes removed, mak. aforesaid shall be delivered up to the Owner or Owners thereof, or

other Person or Persons acting on his, her or their Behalf, to ownera. take down and remove all such Buildings or other Erections which shall or may have been built or erected thereon for the Public Service, and to carry away the Materials thereof; making such Compensation to the Owner or Owners of such Lands, or other Person or Persons acting oft his, her or their Behalf, for the Damage or Injury which may have been done thereto, or to the Soil thereof, by the Erection of any such Buildings, or removing and carrying away the same or otherwise, in consequence of the same having been occupied for the Public Service, as the said Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or such other Person or Persons authorised as aforesaid, shall think reasonable, and as shall be agreed upon in that Behalf; and if such Owner or Owners, or other Person or Persons acting on his, her or their Behalf, shall not be willing to accept the Compensation so jf Compens-offered, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer or ation not ac-Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or other Person or Per- cepted, Pro-sons so authorised as aforesaid, to apply to and require Two Jus- ccc^in8, ' tices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place, to settle and ascertain the Compensation which ought to be made for such Damage or Injury as aforesaid; and such Justices shall settle and ascertain the same accordingly, and shall grant a Certificate thereof; and the Amount of such Compensation so

182

C. 43.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Purchase Mo* ncj belonging to incapacitated Persons, &c. to be paid to the proper Of-icer of the Exchequer for their Use.

settled and ascertained and certified, shall forthwith be paid by Warrant of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to the Person or Persons entitled thereto: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to alter, prejudice, or affect any Agreement which hath been or shall or may be entered into by any such Person or Persons authorised as aforesaid, with any Owner or Owners of any such Lands, or other Person or Persons acting on his, her or their Behalf, in relation to any such Buddings or Erections, but every such Agreement shall remain valid and effectual, in like Manner as if this Act had not been passed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Money shall have been or shall be agreed, or shall have been or shall be found by the Verdict of any Jury, to be paid or given for the Use of any Lands taken by virtue of this Act belonging to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, or not having the absolute Interest therein, the same shall be paid by Warrant of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, into the Hands of the proper Officer of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, Edinburgh or Dublin respectively for the time being, for receiving the Monies belonging to the Suitors of the said Court respectively, for the Use and Bene-

Money to be paid into the Bank of each Kingdom re. spectitely.

Barons of the Exchequer, &c. on Petition, &c. of the Parties interested, to order the Application of the Money as herein mentioned.

fit of such Person or Persons; and such Officer is hereby authorised and required to receive or accept and to give a Discharge for such Money, and upon the Acceptation or Receipt thereof to sign a Certificate to the Barons or Judges of the said Courts of Exchequer respectively, under his Hand, purporting and signifying that such Money or other Consideration was received or accepted by and paid to him in pursuance of this Act, for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons who shall be named and described in such Certificate; and the said Certificate shall be filed or deposited in the said Court of Exchequer at Westminster, Edinburgh or Dublin respectively, and a true Copy thereof, signed by such Officer of such Court, shall and may be read and allowed as Evidence for the Purposes hereinafter mentioned; and such Officer of such Court is hereby required, upon Receipt of any such Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, to pay the same into the Bank of England, or Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, or Bank of Ireland, as the Case may require; and immediately upon the filing or depositing of such Certificate, the said Lands shall be and become vested in or to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Barons or Judges of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, and the Barons or Judges of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh or Dublin, of the Degree of the Coif, for the time being respectively, or any Two or more of them, shall be and they are hereby authorised and empowered in a summary Way, upon Motion or by Petition for and on behalf of any Person or Persons interested in or entitled to the Benefit of the Money so paid to and received by the proper Officer of the said Courts respectively, or the Interest or Produce thereof; and upon reading the Certificate directed to be signed by the said Officer concerning the same as aforesaid, and receiving such further Satisfaction as they shall think necessary, to make and pronounce such Orders and Directions for paying the

1° GEO. IV. C. 43. 183

said Money, or any Part of the same, or for placing out such Part thereof as shall be Principal, in the Public Funds, or upon Government or Ileal Securities, and for Payment of the Dividends or Interest thereof, or any Part thereof, to the respective Persons entitled to receive the same; or for laying out the Principal or any Part thereof in the Purchase of other Lands, to be conveyed and settled to, for and upon the same Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, as the said Lands so taken stood settled at the Time of the Payment of such Money as aforesaid, as near as the same can be done, or otherwise, concerning the disposing of the said Money, or any Part thereof, and the Interest of the same or any Part thereof, for the Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled to and interested in the same respectively, or for appointing any Person or Persons to be Trustee or Trustees for all or any of such Purposes, as the said Court shall think just and reasonable.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death or Re-. moval of any such Officer of the said Courts of Exchequer, all Stocks and Securities vested in him by virtue of this Act, shall vest in the succeeding Officer of the Exchequer, for the Purposes hereinbefore mentioned, without any Assignment or Transfer; and all Monies paid into the said Banks respectively, in pursuance of this Act, or remaining in the Hands of any such Officer at his Death or Removal, and not vested in the Funds or placed out on Securities as aforesaid, shall he paid over to the succeeding Officer, for the like Purpose, for the time being.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to any Garden or Pleasure Ground, or to any Land immediately contiguous to and used as the Curtilage or Homestead of any Dwelling House.

XVI. And Whereas, at divers Stations on the Coast of the 1 United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and on the 1 Shores and Banks of the Rivers, and of the Breaks and Inlets thereof, the Officers and Crews of the Ships, Vessels and Boats employed in the Prevention of Smuggling, have no Dwelling 1 Houses appropriated for their Habitation on such Coasts, Shores and Banks, and it is expedient at some of them, that such Officere and Crew, or some of them, shall and may reside and remain in the said Ships, Vessels or Boats, and that such Ships, 4 Vessels or Boats may and shall be hauled upon the said Coasts, 4 Shores and Banks, or the Beaches thereof, and be moored thereon or thereto Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commanding Officer for the time being of any Ship, Vessel or Boat whatsoever, employed in the Prevention of Smuggling, to haul any such Ship, Vessel or Boat upon any Part of the Coasts of any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Shores, Banks or Beaches of any River, Creek or Inlet in the same, not bein£ a Garden or Pleasure Ground, or Places which have been ordinarily used for Bathing Machines, which shall be deemed best adapted and most convenient for that Purpose, and to moor any such Ship, Vessel or Boat on such Part of the same Coasts, Shores, Banks and Beaches below High Water Mark, and over which the Tide flows on ordinary Occasions, and to continue every such Ship, Vessel and Boat so moored as aforesaid, for such

On Death or Removal of Officer, Stocky and Securities to vest in, and Monies in hand paid to. Successor.

Proviso for Gardens, Ac.

Commanding Officers of Vessels employed to prevent Snwiggling, may haul their Vessels on Shore, without being liable to any Action for the same.

Proviso for Gardaos, &c.

18 *

C. 43.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

4

45 G. 3. c 121.

57 G. 3. c. 87.

58 G.3. c. 76.

59 G. 3. c. 121.

Power of mitigating certain

Penalties imposed for Smug-

Time as such Commanding Officer respectively shall think necessary and proper; and such Commanding Officer, and the Crew of any such Ship, Vessel or Boat, or any of them, shall not be subject or liable to any Indictment, or to any Action or Actions at Law, or to any Suit or Suits in Equity, or other Proceedings whatsoever, at the Suit or Prosecution of the Lord of any Manor, within which the said Coasts, Shores, Banks and Beaches respectively may be, or to which the same may respectively adjoin or be contiguous, or at the Suit of any Owner, Proprietor or Occupier of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments on any such Coasts, Shores, Banks or Beaches, for the hauling or mooring any, such Ship, Vessel or Boat on the said Coasts, Banks, Shores or Beaches, or any of them, or any Part thereof respectively, or for or on account of any such Ship, Vessel or Boat so hauled and moored as aforesaid, any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVII. And Whereas every Person who is found or taken on board, or discovered to have been on board any Ship, Vessel or Boat liable to Forfeiture for being found or having been at anchor or hovering within certain Distances of any of the Dominions of His Majesty, with such Goods on board as subject such Ship, Vessel or Boat, or Goods, to Forfeiture, and every Person found aiding or assisting in unshipping to be laid on Land or Ground, or carrying, conveying, concealing or assisting in the carrying away, conveying or concealing any Foreign Brandy, Rum, Geneva or Spirits subject to Forfeiture, is in certain Cases liable to the Penalty or Forfeiture of either Treble the Value of the Goods that shall be found or taken from such Person, or of the Sum of One hundred Pounds, under the Provisions contained in certain Acts of Parliament, that is to say, in an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling; and also in an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend Two Acts, passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, for the making more effectual Provision for the Prevention of Smuggling; and also in an Act passed in the Fifty eighth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to subject Foreigners to Arrest and Detention for Smuggling within certain Distances of any of the Dominions of His Majesty; for regulating Rewards to the hi i Seizing Officers, according to the Tonnage of Vessels or Boats seized and condemned; and for the further Prevention of the Importation of Tea, without making due Entry thereof with the Officers of Customs and Excise; and also in an Act passed in the Fifty ninth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to make further Regulations for the Prevention of Smuggling;

or some or one of the said Acts: And Whereas it is expedient, 4 for the further Prevention of Smuggling, that no such Forfeiture of Treble the Value, or of the Sum of One hundred Pounds, 4 should in any such Case be mitigated; Be it therefore enacted, That in every such Case all Powder of Mitigation of the said Penalty or Forfeiture of Treble the Value, or of the Sum of One hundred Pounds, in which any such Person or Persons shall be

1° GEO. IV. C. 43. 185

convicted, under and by virtue of any or either of the said recited Acts, shall be and the same is nereby wholly repealed and taken away. %

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal or take away the Powers granted to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to mitigate or remit any such Penalty or Forfeiture as aforesaid, by an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to empower the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to restore Seizures, or remit or mitigate Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, incurred concerning any Laws relating to the Customs or Excise, or Navigation and Trade of Great Britain.

XIX. And Whereas, for the Protection of the Revenue, Of-14 ficers of the Customs and Excise are stationed on board Ships and Vessels arriving at any Port or Place in Great Britain, or departing therefrom, and it is reasonable that such Officers should have lit and proper Room to place their Beds or Hammocks in, protected from the Weather Be it further enacted, That every Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel wherein any Officer or Officers shall be so stationed for the Protection of the Revenue, shall provide every such Officer or Officers with proper and sufficient Room, under the Deck in some Part of the Forecastle or Steerage of the Ship or Vessel, for his or their Beds dr, Hammocks; and in case of Neglect or Refusal, such Master or other Person shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and such Penalty shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered and applied in like Manner as any Penalty imposed by any Law or Laws relating to the Customs or Excise may now be sued for, prosecuted, recovered and applied.

XX. And Whereas Ships and Vessels employed in the Coasting Trade of Great Britain frequently discharge their Ladings at Creeks, Harbours, Basins and other Outstations, where there are no Officers of the Customs authorised to receive the Cocquet,

4 Transire or Letpass, or Sufferance Warrant or Permit, required by Law to accompany such Ladings, and great Inconvenience has arisen to the Merchants and Traders and to the Masters of such Vessels in consequence thereof; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs in England, or any Four or more of them, and the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, or any Three or more of them, whenever it shall appear to them to be necessary and proper for the Relief and Accommodation of the Coasting Trade of Great Britain, to authorise the Delivery of such Cocquet, Transire or Letpass, or Sufferance Warrant or Permit, to the principal Coast Officer of the Customs stationed at any Creek, Harbour, Basin or Outstation in Great Britain, and such Officer is hereby required to receive the same, for any Goods, Wares or Merchandise not liable to the Coast Duties brought from any other Port or Place in Great Britain, and to make and give a Warrant or Sufferance for the landing and discharging of such Goods, Wares and Merchandise, and to grant a Return for the same; and such Delivery to, and such Warrant, Sufferance or Return made and

gling Offences repealed.

Proviso for Powers of Treasury under 54 G.3. c. 171.

Masters of Ships to provide Officers of Customs with Room for their Beds or Hammocks.

Penalty 1001.

Commissioners of Customs may empower Principal Coast Officer of the Customs at Creeks, &c. who are thereupon to receive Coast Documents;

C. 43, 44. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

but not to receive Duties.

Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney and Sark included in Bond not to rcland Goods herein mentioned.

Such Goods imported into said Islands, forfeited and seised.

59 G.3. c. 19.

given by such Officer, shall be deemed and taken to be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Delivery had been made to, and such Warrant, Sufferance or Return had been made and given by, the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs for the Port to which such Creek, Harbour, Basin or Outstation may belong or appertain; any thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to allow such Officer so stationed at any Creek, Harbour, Basin or Out* station of Great Britain, to receive any Duties of Customs whatever.

XXI. And Whereas Wrought Silks, Bengals and Stuffs mixed with Silk or Herba, of the Manufacture of Persia, China or East India, and Calicoes painted, dyed, printed or stained there, and prohibited to be usea or worn in this Kingdom, which have been condemned, and sold at the Custom House Sales, and exported to the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney or Sark, may afterwards be clandestinely brought back into this Kingdom; Be it enacted, That the said Islands shall be added to and included in the Bond which is now by Law required to be given, that such Goods shall be duly exported and not relanded in any Part of Great Britain.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Goods shall be imported into any of the said Islands, the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Army, Navy, Marines, Customs or Excise, and shall and may be sued for, prosecuted and recovered in the Royal Courts of Jersey and Guernsey respectively, by Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance; one Moiety of which Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall seize or sue for the same.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, an Act of the Fifty ninth Year of His late Majesty, for rendering the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, arising in Great Britain, available for the Public Service.

[\5\h July 1802.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to render, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, the growing Produce of the

Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, arising in. Great Britain, available for the Public Service; and it is expedient that the said recited Act should be further continued Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be and the same is

1° GEO. IV.

187

C. 4M5.

hereby further continued in force from the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

CAP. XLV.

An Act to continue certain Duties on several Articles, the Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland respectively, on their Importation into either Country from the other.

[15th July 1820.]

WHEREAS by the Acts made in the Parliaments of Great Britain and Ireland respectively, for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, it is amongst other Things enacted, as Part of the Sixth Article of the said Union, that for the Period of Twenty Years from the Union, certain Articles the Manufacture of either Country enumerated in the Schedule Number Two, to the said Acts respectively annexed, shall be subject, on Importation into each Country from the other, to the Duties specified in the said Schedule Number Two, being Ten Pounds per Centum on the true Value thereof: And Whereas the said Duties will

expire on the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and it is expedient that the same should be continued for the several Terms, and in the Proportions and Manner hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in ready Money, without any Discount whatever, upon and in respect or the several Articles enumerated in the Schedule to this Act annexed, being the Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland respectively, on their Importation into either Country from the other respectively, the several and respective Duties following; that is to say,

A Duty of Ten Pounds on every One hundred Pounds of the Value of any such Articles, which shall be so imported at any Time on or after the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and at any Time on or before the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twenty five:

A Duty of Seven Pounds Ten Shillings, and no more, on every One hundred Pounds of the Value of any such Articles, which shall be so imported at any Time on or after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, and on or before the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty:

A Duty of Five Pounds, and no more, on every One hundred Pounds of the Value of any such Articles, which shall be so imported at any Time on or after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty one, and on or before

continued till July 5, 1821.

59 & 40 G. 5. c. 67. § 1. art. 6.

40 G. 3. c. 38.

(i.)

The Duties

following

granted.

188 C. 45.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty five:

A Duty of Two Pounds Ten Shillings, and no more," on every One hundred Pounds of the Value of any such Articles which shall be so imported at any Time on or after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty six, and on or before the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and forty:

And that the said Duty of Two Pounds Ten Shillings for every One hundred Pounds of such Value, shall remain in force and be payable until and upon the said Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and forty, and no longer, and shall then cease and determine:

And that the said several Duties of Ten Pounds, Seven Pounds Ten Shillings, Five Pounds, and Two Pounds Ten Shillings respectively, shall be in lieu and full Satisfaction of the said Duty of Ten Pounds per Centum due and payable on the Importation of the said Articles under the said recited Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland.

Duties calculated in British or Irish Currency, according to the Value, and carried to Consolidated Fund.

39 & 40 G.3. c. 0*7. art. (i. Duties on Woollen Manufactures of either Country imported into the other, to continue till Dec. 31, 1825; Three fourths from thence to Dec. 31, 1830; One half till Dec. 31, 1835; One Quarter till Dec. 31, 1840; and then to cease.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said several Duties of Ten Pounds, Seven Pounds Ten Shillings, Five Pounds, and rlVo Pounds Ten Shillings, in respect of every One hundred Pounds of the Value of the said Articles, shall be estimated and calculated and paid according to the Arapunt thereof in British Currency, in all Cases where such Value shall be estimated in British Currency; and when such Value shall be estimated in Irish Currency, the said Duties shall be estimated, calculated and paid according to the Amount thereof in Irish Currency; and that all the said several Duties shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

III. And Whereas it was by the Sixth Article of the said; Union among other Things provided, that the Woollen Manufactures of Great Britain and Ireland, known by the Name of the Old and New Drapery, should pay, on Importation into each

Country from the other, the Duties then payable on Importation into Ireland; and it is expedient that the said Duties should continue in force until the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twenty five; and that from and after that Time the said Duties should be from time to time

reduced, so as that all Duties on the said Woollen Manufactures should cease from and after the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and forty; Be it therefore enacted, That the several Duties payable on the Importation of such Woollen Manufactures into either Country from the other, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force immediately before the passing of this Act, shall be and continue payable on such Importation of such Woollen Manufactures, from and after the said First Day of JanuaryOne thousand eight hundred and twenty one, until and upon the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twenty five; and that upon such Importation of such Woollen Manufactures into either Country from the other, at any Time on or after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, and on or before the Thirty

1° GEO. IV. C. 45. 189

first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty, there shall be paid Three Fourth Parts of such several Duties and no more; and that upon such Importation at any Time on or after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty one, and on or before the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty five, there shall be paid One Half of the said several Duties, and no more; and that upon such Importation at any Time on or after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty six, and on or before the thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and forty, there shall be paid One Fourth of the said several Duties, and no more; and that from and after the said Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and forty, all Duties on the Importation of such Woollen Manufactures into either Country from the other shall cease and determine.

IV. And Whereas it was by the said Sixth Article of the said Union among other Things provided, that Salt and Hops on Importation into Ireland from Great Britain, should pay Duties not exceeding those which were then paid on Importation into Ireland; and that Coals, on Importation into Ireland from Great Britain, should be subject to Burthens not exceeding those to which they were then subject Be it declared and enacted, That the several Duties payable on the Importation of such Salt, Hops and Coals into Ireland from Great Britain, under and by virtue of any Act or Acts in force immediately before the passing of this Act, shall be and continue payable on such Importation of such Salt, Hops and Coals respectively, until further Provision shall be made by Parliament with respect to the Duties on such Importation of such Articles, or any or either of them respectively.

V. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Duties by this Act and the Schedule hereto annexed granted, as shall arise in Ireland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, for the time being; and that such of the said Duties as shall arise in England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England; and that such of the said Duties as shall arise in Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, for the time bein^; and that the said Duties shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in the same Manner, and under all such Powers and Authorities, and by all such Ways and Methods, and according to all such Rules and Directions, and under all such Penalties and Forfeitures, as other Duties of Customs or Duties on Importation may be raised, levied, collected and paid, according to the Laws in force in Ireland, England and Scotland respectively.

SCHEDULE of the Articles charged with the Duties specified,

upon Importation into Great Britain and Ireland respectively.

Apparel.

Brass, wrought.

Cabinet Ware.

Coaches, and other Carriages.

Copper, wrought.

Cottons,

39 & 40 G.ff. c. 67. art. 6. Duties on British Salt, Hops and Coals imported into Ireland, to continue till further provided for by Parliament.

Duties under Management of Commissioners of Customs.

190

C. 45-47.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

47 G. 3.' ccs». 2. c. 54.

50 G. 3. c. 109.

GO O. 3. &

1 G.4. c. 12.

Cottons, Calicoes and Muslins.

Glass.

Haberdashery.

Hats.

Tin Plates, Wrought Iron and Hardware.

Gold and Silver Lace, Gold and Silver Thread, Bullion for Lace, Pearl and Spangles.

Millinery.

Paper, stained.

Pottery.

Saddlery, and other manufactured Leather.

Silk Manufacture.

Stockings.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds British Currency, by Treasury Bills in Ireland, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

[15th July 1820.]

[This Act is the same as 59 G. 8. c. 132. except as to Dates and Sums.]

CAP. XLVII.

An Act to revive and to continue for Two Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, Two Acts, made in the Forty seventh and Fiftieth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the preventing improper Persons from having Arms in Ireland.

[15th July 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to prevent improper Persons from having Arms in Ireland, to continue in force from the passing thereof for Two Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And Whereas by an Act made in the Fiftieth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year was continued for Two Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and was amended: And Whereas by an Act made in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, the said recited Acts of the Forty seventh and Fiftieth Years were continued for Two Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And Whereas by an Act made in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, the said recited Acts of the Forty seventh and Fiftieth Years were revived and continued for Two Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And Whereas by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, such Lam as may expire

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 47, 48. 191

within a limited Period, it was enacted, that all Laws then in force, and which would expire at the End of that Session of Parliament, should be and continue in full force, to all Intents and Purposes, until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Two recited Acts of the Forty seventh and fiftieth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, should be revived and further continued:' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, as the said Act is amended by the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, and also the said recited Act of the said Fiftieth Year, shall be, and the said Two recited Acts are hereby revived and further continued, and shall be and remain and continue in force for Two Years from the passing of this Act, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to revive and continue for Two Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Laws relating to Yeomanry Corps in Ireland.

[15th July 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for authorizing the billetting such Troops of Yeomanry and Volunteer Cavalry, as may be desirous of assembling for the Purpose of being trained together, in Great Britain and Ireland, and for subjecting to Military Discipline, during the War, such Serjeants serving in any Volunteer or Yeomanry Corps of Cavalry or Infantry, as receive constant Pay, and all Trumpeters. Drummers or Bugle Men serving therein, and receiving Pay at any Daily or Weekly Rate, and for the further regulating of such Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps; which Act was to continue and be in force during the Continuance of the War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a definitive Treaty of Peace with France: And Whereas by an Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, so much of the said recited Act of the Forty third Year of His said late Majesty's Reign as relates to such Troops or Corps in Ireland, was continued; and by an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, so much of the said recited Act of the said Forty third Year as relates to such Troops or Corps in Ireland, was further continued, and was amended; and by an Act made in the Fifty eighth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, the said recited Act of the Forty third Year, so far as relates to any such Troops or Corps in Ireland, and also the said Act of the Fifty sixth Year, so far as the same amends the said Act of the said Forty third Year, were continued for One Year,

47 G. 3. teas. 2. c. 54, and 50 G. 3. c. 109. further con. tlnued for Two Years, Ac.

43 G. 3.C. 121.

54 G.5. c. 178.

56 G. 3. c. 72.

43 G.3. c. 121 as amended by 56 G. 3. c. 72. further continued by 58 G. 3. c, 4a

192

C. 48, 49.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

60 G. 3. &

1 G. 4. c. 12.

45 G.3. c. 121. 56 G. 5. c. 72. continued as to Yeomanry Cor]is in Ireland for Two Years, &c.

40 G. 3. c. 40.

(I)

and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And Whereas by an Act made in the last Session of

Parliament, intituled An Act to continue, until the Twentyfifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, such Laws as may expire within a limited Period, it was enacted, that all Laws then in force, and which would expire at^the End of that Session of Parliament, should be and continue in full force, to

all Intents and Purposes, until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty: And Whereas it is expedient, that the said recited Acts of the Forty third and Fifty sixth Years of His said late Majesty's Reign, so far as relates to any such Troops or Corps of Yeomanry m Ireland, should be revived and further continued:* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act of the Forty third Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, so far as relates to any such Troops or Corps in Ireland, and Sso the said Act of the Fifty sixth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, so far as the same amends the said Act of the said Forty third Year, shall be and the same are hpreby revived and further continued, and shall be and remain and continue in force for Two Years from the passing of this Act, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that all such Provisions and Regulations in the said recited Act of the said Forty third Year contained, so far as relates to such Troops or Corps in Ireland, as by the said Act are applied during War, or during the Continuance of War, or during the Continuance of the War and until Six Months after the Ratification of such definitive Treaty of Peace as aforesaid, shall be in force, as amended by the said recited Act of the Fifty sixth Year, during the Continuance of the said recited Act of the said Forty third Year and Fifty sixth Years as aforesaid.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to the House of Industry in Dublin.

[15th July 1820.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Parliament of Irelandr in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the better Regulalion and Management of the House of Industry, established for the Relief of the Poor in Dublin; it was amongst other Things enacted, that the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, should be authorised and empowered to nominate and appoint Five of the then acting Governors of the House of Industry to be Governors thereof, and that from the Time of such Nomination and Appointment, the Five Persons so nominated and appointed should be and continue to be Governors thereof, and that they or any Three of them should from thenceforth have the sole ordering, directing and 4 managing of the said House, and all Matters and Things relating to the same: And Whereas it is no longer necessary or

1° GEO. IV. C. 49.

193

expedient to continue the Number of Five Governors Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Lord Lieuten-Act it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or ant empowered other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to appoint from time to time One Person to be Governor of the withTsalary^' said House, at a Salary not exceeding Five hundred Pounds a not exceeding Year, and from time to time to remove, at his and their Will and 5001. per An* Pleasure, any Person so appointed; and that the Person so ap- num*in whom pointed from time to time snail have the ordering, directing and managing the said House, in as full and ample Manner as the Ternors shall be said former Governors exercised the same by virtue of the said rested, recited Act, or of any previous Act or Acts passed in the Parliament of Ireland; and that all and every the Powers of the said former Governors shall be and remain fully vested from time to time in such Governor, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, subject nevertheless in every respect to the Orders, Directions and Controul of the Visitors hereinafter mentioned.

II. And for the better ordering, managing and directing the Assistant Go-said Institution, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to *emor to be and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Go-

vemors of Ireland for the time being, to appoint from time to ^erAimuin. time One other Person to be Assistant to the said Governor, at a Salary of Three hundred Pounds per Annum, to carry into Execution all Orders received from him, and to superintend the several Departments thereof under his Direction, and to be constantly resident within the said House of Industry; and it shall be lawful for such Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to remove such Assistant at his and their Will and Pleasure.

III. And for the better maintaining and preserving the Regu- Lord Lieuten-lations made for the Benefit of the said Establishment, and in *nt may appoint order to support the Governor in the Execution of his lawful Authority, and to exercise a general Controul over every Depart- Jerly.'and re" ment of the said Institution, be it enacted, That it shall and may port to Lord be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor Lieutenant, or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to appoint any Number of Persons not exceeding Seven in the whole, to be Visitors of the said House of Industry; and that General Meetings shall be held Four Times at least in every Year in the said House of Industry by such Visitors, and at all such Times as shall be directed or required by the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being; and at Visitors to in-every such General Meeting the Visitors there present shall in- JP*1 HoUHe* spect the State of the said House of Industry and of its several &c* Departments, and shall make such Orders and give such Directions as to such Visitors shall seem fitting and necessary for the regulating of the said House of Industry, and shall report thereon to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful One Visitor to and for any one Visitor to direct the Governor of the said d, rect the

.1 Geo

any

IV.

Governor to

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

call a Special Meeting of Visitors.

Visitors may suspend and fine Governor or his Assistant, or any of the Officers, for Neglect of Duty.

Fine deducted from Salary.

Business at Special Meetings to be according to Summons.

Tl» roe Visitors a Quorum.

58 G. S. c. 49.

59 G. S. c. 180.

C. 49, 50.

House of Industry, or his Assistant, to cause the said Visitors to be summoned to attend a Special Meeting at the said House of Industry, on any Day and Hour and on any Business which may be mentioned in such Summons; and such Governor, or his Assistant, shall cause all such of the said Visitors as shall be then within the City or County of Dublin, to be summoned accordingly, either in Person, or at their respective Residences therein.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Visitors, at any General or Special Meeting, to suspend the Governor of the said House of Industry, or his Assistant, or any one or more of the Officers or Servants of the said House of Industry, or belonging to the same, until the Pleasure of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland thereupon shall be declared; or to fine such Governor, or his Assistant, or any of the said Officers or Servants respectively, for Breach or Neglect of Duty, or for Breach or Neglect of any Order or Direction of the said Visitors, in any Sum not exceeding the Amount of One Month's Salary; and such Fine heingnodfied to the proper Officer for paying such Salary, by any Three of such Visitors, under .their Hands, the Amount of such Fine shall be deducted from such Salary accordingly, and be a Saving thereout.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Business shall be done at any such Special Meeting of Visitors, which shall not fairly come within the Subject or some of the Subjects for Consideration mentioned in such Summons as aforesaid; and that st any Meeting of such Visitors, whether General or Special, all and singular the Powers of the said Visitors may be exercised whenever any Three Visitors shall be present thereat; and that at any such Meeting the Opinion, Order, or Act of the Majority of "Visitors present shall be deemed and taken to be the Act of all the Visitors under this Act.

---

CAP. L.

An Act to carry into Effect certain Licences, permitting the Removal of Negro Slaves from the Bahama Islands to Demerara.

[15th July 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty eighth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third,

[58 G.3. c. 49.]

intituled An Act to explain Three Acts, passed in the Forty sixth, Forty seventh, and Fifty first Years of His Majesty's Reign respectively, for the Abolition of the Slave Trade: And Whereas His Royal Highness The Prince Regent, by virtue of the Powers vested in His Majesty by the above recited Act, was pleased, in the Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty, to grant certain Licences, permitting the Persons therein named to remove certain Negro Slaves from the Bahama Islands to His Majesty's Colony of Demerara, under certain Conditions and Restrictions therein set forth: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Fifty ninth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign,

[59 G.3. c. 120. §11.]

intituled An Act for establishing a Registry of Colonial Slaves in Great Britain, and for making further Provisions with respect to the Removal of Slaves from British Colonies; whereby it is enacted,

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 50. 195

that wherever any Slave or Slaves shall be sent from any Colony, now or hereafter under the Dominion of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, with Intent that such Slave or Slaves shall be removed to and remain in some other Colony under the Dominion of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, the Owner or Owners, or other Person or Persons sending any such Slave or Slaves, shall produce, to the Collector or other principal Officer of His Majesty's Customs at the Port at which any such Slave or Slaves shall be shipped or embarked, a Copy, duly certified by the Registrar of the said Colony, of the Name and Description or Names and Descriptions by which such Slave or Slaves has or have been registered, and of all other Particulars relating thereto stated in the said Registry; which Copy so certified shall be by such Collector or other principal Officer indorsed with his own Name and Handwriting, and shall be annexed to the Clearance or Permit to be given for the Shipment and Exportation of such Slave or Slaves, and shall on the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel in which such Slave or Slaves shall be sent, at the Port in any other British Colony to which the same shall be destined, be produced also to the Collector or principal Officer of the Customs at such last mentioned Port, who shall examine the same, and shall also ascertain by personal Inspection whether the Slave or Slaves brought by such Ship or Vessel agree in Description with the Slave or Slaves mentioned in such Certificate or Clearance, and if not, shall refuse to admit the same to an Entry, but in case of such Agreement, shall indorse such Certificate with his Name and Handwriting, and the said Certificate so indorsed shall be forthwith delivered by the Collector to the Registrar of Slaves in such last mentioned Colony: And Whereas certain of the Licences for the Removal of Negro Slaves above referred to, were granted previous to the passing of the said last recited Act of the Fifty ninth Year of His said late Majesty: And Whereas the Persons to whom the said Licences were granted, have been unable to comply with the Regulation contained in the said last recited Act, there being no Registrar in the Bahama Islands: And Whereas it is just and expedient that the said Persons should nevertheless be allowed the Benefit of such Licences: Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Licences for Removal of Slaves from the Bahamas to Demerara valid.]

That all Licences permitting the Removal of Negro Slaves from the Bahamas to Demerara, which have been so granted on or before the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, be, and the same are hereby declared to be valid, and of full Effect.

[Slaves may be removed accordingly.]

II. And be it further enacted, That the Persons on whose Behalf the said Licences were granted, be and they are hereby permitted to remove the Negro Slaves mentioned in such Licences from the Bahamas to Demerara, subject only to the Rules, Regulations and Restrictions set forth in such Licences, and in the Bonds entered into by the said Persons, or on their Behalf, previous to the issuing of such Licences; any Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

196 C. 51, 52, 53. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

CAP. LI.

An Act to regulate the rebuilding of the Town of Saint John's in Newfoundland, and for indemnifying Persons giving up Ground for that Purpose.

[15th July 1820.]

CAP. LII.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His late Majesty, for permitting the Importation of Masts, Yards, Bowsprits, and Timber fit for Naval Purposes, from the British Colonies in North America.

[15th July 1820.]

---

4fiG 3. c. 117. continued till Mard) 25, 1821.

59 G. 3. c. 52* $ 18 & 19.

continued by

GO G. 3. &

1 G. 4. c. 12.

WHEREAS the Law hereinafter mentioned has by Experience been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient that the same should be further continued Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to permit y until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, the Importation of Masts, Yards and Bowsprits, or of Timber Jit for Naval Purposes, from the British Colonies in North America, Duty free, which said Act was by several subsequent Acts continued until the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, shall be and the same is hereby further continued from the said Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

CAP. LIII.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, so much of an Act of the Fifty ninth Year of His late Majesty, as allows Sa?ita Maria Wood and Teake Wood to be imported free of Duty.

[15th July 1820.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty ninth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to repeal the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great

Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, Santa Maria Wood, fit for Naval Purposes, imported into Great Britain from the Bay of Honduras, and Teake Wood, fit for Naval Purposes, of the Growth or Production of any British Colony, 4 Plantation or Territory in Africa, are allowed to be imported free from the Payment of Duty under the said Act, and which were to continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and which by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty has been continued until the Twenty fifth Day ot June One thousand eight

4? 4 hundred

A.D. 182ft

1° GEO. IV. C. 53, 54,

197

hundred and twenty: And Whereas it is expedient to allow Santa Maria and Teake Wood to be imported free from the

Payment of Duty for a further Time Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

same, That Santa Maria Wood, fit for Naval Purposes, from the Sant* Maria Bay of Honduras, and Teake Wood, fit for Naval Purposes, of Wood and the Growth or Production of any British Colony, Plantation or Teake Wood Territory in Africa, shall be allowed to be imported into Great Britain, free from the Payment of Duty, from the said Twenty until 25 March, fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, until issi. the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

CAP. LIV.

An Act to continue, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, Two Acts of the Forty fifth and Fiftieth Years of His late Majesty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders to London and Westminster by Inland Navigation.

[15th July 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty fifth Year of 45 g. 3. c. las. 4 the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third,

intituled An Act for allowing, under certain Restrictions, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sir,

the bringing a limited Quantity of Coals9 Culm or Cinders to London and Westminster by Inland Navigation: And Whereae an Act was passed in the Fiftieth Year of His said late Majesty's 50 g. 3. c 110. Reign, intituled An Act to allow, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven% the bringing of Coals9 4 Culm and Cinders to London and Westminster by Inland Navigation: And Whereas certain Duties of Customs were made payable by the said recited Acts, in lieu of which other Duties.

have been imposed and made payable, and certain other Duties of Customs of One Shilling and Three Pence are by the said Acts respectively made payable for every Ton of Coals, Culm and Cinaers brought along the Grand Junction or Paddington Canals, or brought down the River Thames nearer to London than certain Stones or Posts in the said respective Acts seve-t 4 rally mentioned, and which said last mentioned Duties are by die said Acts respectively directed to be paid into the Chamber of London, as for and in lieu of the Duty called Orphans Duty, .

and all other Rates, Dues and Duties which are payable to the Corporation of London upon Coals, Culm or Cinders imported into the Port of London: And Whereas both the said recited Acts have been continued by several subsequent Acts, and are in force until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and it is expedient that the said Acts should be further continued in manner hereinafter mentioned; Be it Recited Acts therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and to far as relates with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, to Duties and and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Conditions under which

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Coals, &c. are brought to London, Ac, by Inland Navigation, continued till Aug. 1, 1825.

24 G.2. c 18.

§5.

18 Elia. c. 12.

12 G. l. c. 31.

Justices of Nisi Prius may sit after Term, during the Vacation, to try Issues under the said Acta.

C. 54, 55.

Authority of the same, That the said several Acts, so far as the same respectively relate to the said several and respective Duties of One Shilling and Three Pence for every Ton of Coals, Culm or Cinders brought to London and Westminster under the Authority of the said recited Acts or either of them respectively, and also so far as the said recited Acts respectively relate to the Rules, Provisions, Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which such Coals, Culm and Cinders may be brought to London and Westminster by Inland Navigation, and the said Duties, and all the Clauses in the said recited Acts relating to the said Duties respectively, and to the said Rules, Provisions, Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, shall be and the same are hereby continued, and shall be in force from the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty, until and upon the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty five.

CAP. LV.

An Act for giving further Facilities to the Proceedings in the Court of King's Bench, and for giving certain Powers to Justices of Assize.

[15th July 1820.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of Trials by Jury, and for enlarging the Time for Trials by Nisi Prius in the County of Middlesex, Power and Authority is given to the Chief Justice of the King's Bench, the Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, and the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer for the time being, and every of them respectively, and in the Absence of any of them, to and for any other Judge or Baron of the said several Courts, as Justices of Nisi Prius for the said County of Middlesex, at any time within the Space of Fourteen Days after the End of any Term respectively,

to txy all such Issues as by an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act for Trial of Nisi Prius in the County of Middlesex, they or any of them are enabled to try in suen Race and Manner, and with and under such Powers, Authorities and Provisions, as in the said last mentioned Act, or in an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled An Act for the better regidating Trials by Nisi Prius in the County of Middlesex, or any ouier Act of Parliament or Law whatsoever, concerning the Premises, are prescribed and contained: And Whereas it may be convenient that the Time for such Trials after the Term be still further extended:

Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chief Justice of the King's Bench, the Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, and the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer for the time being, and every of them respectively, and in the Absence of any of them, to and for any other Judge or Baron of the said several Courts, and also to and for any Judge of the King's Bench, sitting *

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 55. 199

for the Trial of Causes, according to the Powers hereinafter in that Behalf given, as Justices of Nisi Prius for the said County of Middlesex, at any time or times after the End of any Term respectively, during the Vacation after such Term, to try all such Issues as by the before mentioned Acts they or any of them are enabled to try, in such Place and Manner, and under such Powers, Authorities and Provisions, as in and by the aforesaid Acts or any other Act of Parliament or Law whatsoever concerning the Premises, are prescribed and contained; any thing in the before mentioned Acts to the contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And Whereas from the Increase of Business in the Court of King's Bench, it is expedient that further Facilities should be afforded as well for the Trial of Issues in Middlesex and London, as for the Purpose of expediting the other Proceedings in the same Court Be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, and for the Space of Two Years then next following, it shall and may be lawful to and for any one of the Judges of the said Court of King's Bench, at the Request of the Lord Chief Justice of the same Court, to sit for the Trial of Causes at Nisi Prius in Westminster and London, on the same Days on which the said Lord Chief Justice, or any other Judge of the same Court in the Absence of the said Lord Chief Justice shall be sitting, for the Trial of Causes at those Places respectively, or at either of them, so that the Trial of Two Causes may be proceeded in at the same Time; and all Jurors, Witnesses and other Persons who may have been summoned or required to attend, and who ought to attend at or for the Trial of any Cause before the said Lord Chief Justice, during the Time aforesaid, shall give their Attendance at and for the Trial thereof before such other Judge as may be sitting for the Trial thereof by virtue of this Act; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Marshal and other Officers of the said Lord Chief Justice to appoint from time to time fit and proper Persons, to be approved by the said Chief Justice, to attend for them and on their Behalf respectively before such Judge: Provided always, that all Causes intended to be tried at any Sittings at Nisi Prius in Middlesex or London, shall be entered for Trial with the Marshal of the said Chief Justice, and all Process and other Proceedings for or relating to the Trial thereof, shall be made and issued according to the Practice and Forms now in use; but nevertheless the Trial of every Cause which shall be tried in virtue of this Act, shall be entered of Record as having been had and made before the Judge before whom such Cause shall happen to have been actually tried.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Persons who are directed to be brought before the Court of King's Bench, by a certain Act of Parliament passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, commonly called 4i The Lords Act," or by any other Law for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, may hereafter be brought before some single Judge of the same Court, sitting under the Authority of an Act made and passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to facilitate the Progress of Business in the Court of Kings Bench in Westminster Hall; and that all Orders O i made

Any of the Judges of K. B. on Request of Lord Chief Justice, may sit for the Trial of Causes at Nisi Prius while the Chief Justice, &c« is sitting.

Jurors and Witnesses to attend.

Marshal, &c. to appoint proper Persons to attend.

Causes to be entered as herein mentioned.

Insolvents brought up under 31 G. 2. c. 28. may be brought before a single Judge of K. B. sitting under 57 G. 3.

C. 11.

200

C. 55.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

13 C. 2. stitt. 2. c. i. § lo.

25 C. 2. C. 2.

5 1, 2. Corporation and other Oaths directed to be taken before

made by and all Proceedings had before such single Judge, shall be as good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Orders had been made by and such Proceedings had before the said Court of King's Bench.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Oaths directed by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the well governing and regulating of Corporations, and by an Act of the Twenty fifth Year of the same Reign, intituled An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants, or by any other Statute now in being, to be taken by Persons admitted to Offices of Trust and Profit, and by ^tiSn'before Barristers an^ Attornies, may, after the passing of this Act, be a single Judge, administered and taken, and the Declaration mentioned in the said Act of the Twenty fifth Year of King Charles the Second, may be made and subscribed before such single Judge sitting as aforesaid; and that the proper Officer shall, at seasonable Times, attend before such single Judge, for the Purpose of administering such Oaths, and registering such Subscription.

V. And Whereas it is expedient that the Justices of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and the Barons of the ' Exchequer at Westminster, and the Justices of Chester, should

have Power and Authority, upon their respective Circuits for ' taking the Assizes, to grant Summonses, and to make Orders

in Actions and Prosecutions, in the manner hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and the Barons of the Exchequer at Westminster, and the Justices of Chester, and each and every or any one of them, during their respective Circuits for taking the Assizes, to grant such and the like Summonses, and make such and the like Orders, in all Actions and Prosecutions which are or shall be depending in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which the Issue, if brought to Trial, would be to be tried upon such their respective Circuits, as if such Justices of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and Barons of the Exchequer, and Justices of Chester, were respectively Judges of the Court in which such Actions or Prosecutions are or shall be depending, although such respective Justices of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and Barons of the Exchequer, and Justices of Chester, or any of them, may not be Judges of the Court in which such Actions or Prosecutions are or shall be depending; and such Summonses and Orders shall be of the same Force and Effect as if such Justices of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and Barons of the Exchequer, at Westminster, and Justices of Chester, were respectively Judges of the Court in which such Actions or Prosecutions are or shall be depending.

VI. And be it further enacted, That for the Purposes of this Act, the Counties Palatine of Lancaster, Durham and Chester,

Justices at Nisi PH us may make Orders in Causes to be tried before them, although not Judges of the Court in which such Actions are depending.

The Three Counties Palatine to be taken shall be taken to be Counties on the Circuits of the respective Counties on Tuailnna r\C ilia r"*niiWn nf

the Circuit.

Justices of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and Barons of the Exchequer, at Westminster, and Justices of Chester.

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 56. 201

CAP. LVI.

An Act for the summary Punishment* in certain Cases, of Persons wilfully or maliciously damaging or committing Trespasses on public or private Property.

[15th July 1820.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that a more summary Mode than now by Law exists, of repressing and obtaining Satisfaction for Damages to Buildings, Fences, Land, Growing

Crops, and other Real and Personal Property, whether of a private or public Nature, by jrilful and malicious Trespassers and other Wrongdoers, should be provided Be it therefore enacted

by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

same. That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person Justices of or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously dq or commit any Damage, Peace may Injury or Spoil, to or upon any Building, Fence, Hedge, Gate, Jwafd Stile, Guide Post, Mile Stone, Tree, Wood, Underwood, Orchard, JSS^Damaaea Garden, Nursery Ground, Crops, Vegetables, Plants, Land, or &one to BuildU other Matter or Thing growing or being thereon, or to or upon ing *, &c. or to Real or Personal Property of any Nature or Kind soever, and or upon Pro-shaft be thereof convicted within Four Calendar Months next after p«fty of the committing of such Injury, before any Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town or Place where such Offence shall have been committed, either by the Confession of the Party offending, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or of the Party aggrieved in the Premises, which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay to the Person or Persons aggrieved, such a Sum of Money as shall appear to such Justice to be a reasonable Satisfaction and Compensation for the Damage or Injury or Spoil so Committed, not exceeding in any Case the Sum of Five Pounds, not exceeding which said Sum of Money shall be paid to the Person or Persons aggrieved; but in case such Conviction shall take place on the sole Evidence of the Party aggrieved, then and in such Case such Application of Satisfaction and Compensation shall be paid to the Overseer or Money award-Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township or Place where ed* the Offence was committed, or if the Conviction shall take place in Ireland, then such Satisfaction and Compensation shall be paid to the Governor of the Fever Hospital or Infirmary of the County,

City, Town or Place where the Offence shaft nave been committed, to be by him or them applied for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor thereof, or of the Establishment of such Fever Hospital or Infirmary; and in default of Payment of the in default of Sum of Money in which the Offender or Offenders shall have been payment Of- so convicted as aforesaid, immediately, or within such Time as fenders to be the Justice shall appoint at the Time of Conviction, together wuth commiUcd# all Costs, Charges and Expenses attending the Conviction, such Justice shall and may commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalty, Costs and Charges shaft* be sooner paid and

C. 56.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

In case of Public Property, one Moiety to the Informer, the other to the Poor of the Parish,

Committed to House of Correction.

Puiiidnncnt of Male Offenders under Sixteen Years of Age,

Offenders may be apprehended and taken before a Justice without any Warrant.

Form of Conviction,

satisfied: Provided always, that if any such Damage, Injury or Spoil shall have been done or committed as aforesaid, to or upon any Church, Chapel, Bridge, Building, Common Way or other Property whatsoever, whether Real or Personal, of a public Nature, or wherein any public Right is concerned, it shall or may be lawful to and for any such Justice to proceed against and convict the Offender or Offenders, within the Time aforesaid, and in the Manner aforesaid, in any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, as to such Justice shall seem just and reasonable, at the Instance and upon the Information of any Person prosecuting such Offender or Offenders, and to order and direct One Moiety of the Sum to be paid for such Offence to be paid to the Person so prosecuting, and the other Moiety to and for the Use of the Poor of the Parish, Township or Place where the Offence shall have been committed; and in Default of Payment of the Sum in which any such Offender or Offenders shall have been so convicted as aforesaid, together with all Costs, Charges and Expenses attending such Conviction as aforesaid, such Justice shall and may commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalty, Costs and Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Male Person or Persons under the Age of Sixteen Years shall offend against any of the Provisions of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Justice before whom he or they shall have been convicted, in default of Payment of the Sum of Money awarded against him or them by the said Justice, together with all Costs, Charges and Expenses attending such Conviction, immediately or within such Time as the Justice shall appoint at the Time of Conviction, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction, there to be corrected and imprisoned, and kept to hard Labour for any Term not exceeding Six Weeks.

III. And, for the more easy bringing of Offenders against this Act to Justice, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Constable or other Peace Officer, and to and for the Owner or Owners of any Property so damaged, injured or spoiled, and to and for his, her or their Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons acting by or under his, her or their Authority, and to and for such Person or Persons as he, she or they may call to his, her or their Assistance, without any Warrant or other Authority than by this Act, to seize, apprehend and detain any Person or Persons who shall have actually committed, or be in the Act of committing, any Offence or Offences against any of the Provisions of this Act, and to take him, her or them before any Justice of the Peace for the County City or Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed; and such Justice is hereby empowered and required to proceed and act, with respect to such Offender or Offenders, in Manner by this Act directed.

IV. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction

P GEO. IV. C. 56. 203

lion to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any Form of Words to the same Effect, as the Case shall happen;

videlicet,

BE it remembered, That on the Day of

4 in the Year of our Lord

A.B. is convicted by and before me One of

4 His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of 4 [or, Riding, Division, City, Town or Place, as the Case

may be"] for that the said [here state the Offence,

and the Time and Place when and where the same was committed] contrary to the Statute made in the First Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act [here set forth, the Title of this Act]; and I the said Justice do hereby adjudge and determine that the said shall for 'his said Offence

forfeit and pay the Sum of lawful Money of Great

Britain, [or, of Ireland, if the same Offence shall be there committed] and to order that the same shall forthwith be paid by him [here direct the Payment according to the Act.] Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year first above written. '

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Appeal by to and for any Person or Persons so convicted by any Justice of Offender io the Peace, as before mentioned, of any Offence or Offences against 9uarUr this Act, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace assembled at ium *

the General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions to be holden for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town or Place, where such Conviction shall be made, next after Seven Days from the Time of such Conviction, on giving*immediate Notice of such Appeal and of the Matters thereof, and finding sufficient Security, to the Satisfaction of such Justice, for prosecuting the said Appeal with effect, and abiding the Determination of the Court therein; and such Justices, in such General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions, shall hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal, and may either confirm or quash and annul the said Conviction, and award such Costs to either Party, as to them the said Justices shall seem just and reasonable; and the Decision of the Decision find, said Justices therein shall be final, binding and conclusive; and no Proceedings to be had or taken in pursuance of this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and if upon the Hearing of any such Appeal, the Judgment Proceedings or the Justice before whom any Appellant snail have been con- when J«dg-victed shall be confirmed, such Appellant shall forthwith pay the ment affinned* Penalty and Costs awarded to be paid by such Appellant, or in default thereof, shall be immediately committed by the said Court to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Penalty and Costs shall be sooner paid.

[Proviso for ]

VI. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall repeal or affect any Act or Acts now in force, whereby Acts any Person or Persons may be subject to Punishment for wilful

and malicious Acts of Trespass to any Property, either public or

204 C. 56, 57. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

[Persons claiming a Right, Hunting, &c.]

57 G. 3 c. 15.

E

private, or shall extend to any Case of wilful or malicious Mischief or Trespass to private Property, in which the Damage claimed shall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, or to any Case wherein it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Justice or Justices before whom the Complaint is made, that the Party trespassing acted under g fair and reasonable Supposition that he had a Right to do the Act to the Property in respect whereof the Trespass was committed or alleged to have been committed, or to do or commit the Act complained of; or shall have committed such Trespass in hunting, or being a qualified Person, and having duly obtained his Certificate authorising him to kill Game, shall have committed the Injury complained of in the Pursuit of any kind of Game.

---

[In what Case Convictions under this Act to bar all other Suits for the same Offence.]

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, before any Justice of the Peace, on the Complaint or Information of any Person or Persons, or public or private Property having been so injured, damaged or spoiled, and shall have paid the Penalty, Costs and Charges under such Conviction, or shall have suffered the Imprisonment awarded for Nonpayment thereof, then and in every such Case such Conviction snail and may be pleaded in bar of any Action, Suit or Information that shall be commenced, instituted or prosecuted for such and the same Offence in any Court whatsoever.

[Act to extend only to England and Ireland.]

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be in force in England and Ireland, and not in any other Part of the United Kingdom.

CAP. LVII.

An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to abolish the Punishment of public Whipping on Female Offenders, and to make further Provisions in lieu thereof.

[15th July 1820.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third,

[57 G. 3. c. 75. §1.]

intituled An Act to abolish the Punishment of public Whipping on Female Offenders, it is enacted, that from and after the passing of that Act, Judgment shall not be given and awarded against any Female or Females convicted of any Offence, that such Female Offender or Offenders do suffer the Punishment of being publicly whipped; and that in all Cases where the Punishment of public Whipping on Female Offenders has hitherto formed the Whole or Part of the Judgment to be pronounced, it shall and may be lawful for the Court before whom any such Offender shall be tried, to pass such Sentence of Confinement to hard Labour in the Common Gaol or House of Correction, in lieu of the Sentence of being publicly whipped, as to the said Court shall seem most proper; provided that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, in any manner to change, alter or affect any Punishment whatsoever, which may then be by Law inflicted in respect of any Offence, except only

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 57, 58. 205

the Punishment of public Whipping on Female Offenders: And Whereas the said Act extends only to abolishing the Punishment of publicly whipping Female Offenders, and it is expedient that the said Act should be repealed, and such further Provisions made in lieu thereof as are hereinafter mentioned: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Recited Act repealed.]

That from and after the passing of this Act, the said recited Act of the Fifty seventh Year of His late Majesty shall be and the same is hereby repealed, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

[Sentence of Whipping not awarded on Female Offenders.]

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, Judgment or Sentence shall in no case whatever be given and awarded against any Female or Females convicted of any Offence whatsoever, that such Female Offender or Offenders do suffer the Punishment of being whipped either publicly or privately; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Instead thereof Imprisonment or Solitary Confinement.]

III. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the Punishment of Whipping, either publicly or privately, on Female offenders, has hitherto formed the Whole or Part of the Judgment or Sentence to be pronounced, or has in any other Case been inflicted, it shall and may be lawful for the Court or Justice of the Peace before whom any such Offender shall be tried or convicted, to pass Sentence of Confinement to hard Labour in the Common Gaol or House of Correction, for any Space of Time not exceeding Six Months, nor less than One Month; or of solitary Confinement therein for any Space not exceeding the Space of Seven Days at any one Time, in lieu of the Sentence of being publicly or privately whipped, as to the said Court or Justice shall seem most proper:

[Proviso for former Laws, except the said Punishment.]

Provided that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, in any manner to change, alter or affect any Punishment whatsoever which may now be by Law inflicted in respect of any Offence, save and except only the Punishment of publicly or privately Whipping on Female Offenders, in Manner as hereinbefore is enacted.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for the better securing the Excise Duties on Paper and Pasteboard.

[15th July 1820.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third,

[56 G.3. c. 103.]

intituled An Act for further securing the Duties on Paper and Pasteboard, and for repealing ike countervailing Duty upon Pasteboard imported from Ireland, and the Drawback upon Pasteboard exported, and granting other countervailing Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof;

[§1.]

it was enacted, that from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, all and every Maker and Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, in Great Britain, shall from Day to Day enter or

206 C. 58. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

---

repealed from 5th J mn. 1821.

Maker to enter in a Book the Quantity of Paper, &c iiuale by bim daily.

cause to be entered in a Book or Books, or on a Paper or Papers, to be delivered to him, her or them for that Purpose by the proper Officer of Excise, and kept by such Maker or Makers in some public and open Part of his, her or their entered Premises, of the Number of Sheets of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper and Pasteboard, distinguishing the Kinds or Sorts of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, made or turned out of the Moulds daily, such Number of Sheets of Paper being in such Accounts reduced by Calculation into Reams and odd Quires, and such Number of Sheets of Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper and Pasteboard, into Dozens and odd Sheets, with their respective estimated Weight, reckoning Twenty six of such Sheets of Paper (Two of them being allowed for Waste or damaged Paper) for a Quire consisting of Twenty four Sheets when dried and finished; and shall make or cause such Entries of each Day's Work at his, her or their Mills or Manufactories to be made and completed before Twelve of the Clock at Noon of the following Day; which Entry shall at or after the End of every Six Weeks or Forty two Days be delivered to the proper Officer.by and verified by the Oath of such Maker or Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Piper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard respectively, or his, her or their Chief Workman or Foreman employed in the Manufactory, under a Penalty for any Refusal or Neglect thereof, of Two hundred Pounos: And Whereas it is expedient that the Provisions of the said Act hereinbefore recited should be repealed:' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, so much of the said Act as is hereinbefore recited, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that from and after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, all and every Maker and Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, in (Great Britain, shall from Day to Day enter or cause to be entered in a Book or Books, or on a Paper or Papers to be delivered to him, her or them for that Purpose by the proper Officer of Excise, and kept by such Maker or Makers in some public or open Part of his, her or their entered Premises, of the Number of Reams and Quires of Paper, and of the Number of Dozens of Sheets of Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard and Scaleboard respectively, distinguishing the Class of the Paper and the Denomination of Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard and Scaleboard, made daily, with their respective estimated Weight, reckoning Twenty six of such Sheets of Paper (Two of them being allowed for Waste or damaged Paper) for a Quire consisting of Twenty four Sheets when dried and finished, and Thirteen of such Sheets (One being allowed for Waste) for a Dozen Sheets of

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 58. 207

Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper and Sheathing Paper respectively, when dried and finished, and shall make or cause such Entries of each Day's Work at his, her of their Mills or Manufactories to be made and completed before the Hour of Twelve at Noon of the following Day; which Entries Entries to be shall, at or after the End of every Six Weeks or Forty two delivered to Days, be delivered to the proper Officer by and verified by the Officer Signature of the Christian and Surname of such Maker or Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, ture# y Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard respectively, or his, her or their Chief Workman or Foreman employed in the Manufactory; and if any Maker or Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button Maker neglect-Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard ing Entry, or or Scaleboard, shall neglect or refuse to mmee any such Entry ?a*un15R as aforesaid, or shall knowingly make, or cause or permit or cea^g, °&* suffer to be made, in any such Book or Paper as aforesaid, any Book, or others false Entry, or shall remove, conceal or destroy any such Book wise offending or Paper so delivered to him, her or them as aforesaid, or fail to " herein mea-keep the same in some open and public Part of his, her or their tioned» entered Premises, or withhold or keep the same from the Inspection of any Officer or Officers of Excise surveying his, her or their Manufactory, or by any means hinder, obstruct or prevent such Officer or Officers from freely examining the same, and comparing the Entries therein with his, her or their Stock, or shall erase, deface or alter any of the Entries therein or thereon, or shall, upon Demand, refuse or neglect to deliver in a perfect State any such Book or Paper in which any such Entry shall have been made or ought to have been made as aforesaid, at or after the End of the Six Weeks, or other Time or Period for which such Book or Paper shall have been delivered to him, her or them as aforesaid, or to verify the same by such Signature as aforesaid, every such Maker or Makers 4f Paper, Millboard, Button Board,

Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, so offending, shall for each and every such Offence Penalty 2001-forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

II. And Whereas by the said recited Act it is enacted, that 56 G. 3. c. 105.

it shall be lawful for the Officers of Excise, when Occasion § repealed.

shall require or they may think fit, to inspect or take an Account of the Stock of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button

Paper, 'Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper and Pasteboard respectively, and of the Kinds, Sorts and Quantities of each, in the Custody or Possession of all and every Maker and Makers

of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper,

Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard; and all and every such Maker and Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper,

4 Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, shall at all Times place and keep his, her and their Stock of Paper, Mill- board, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper and Pasteboard respectively, distinct and separate, according to their respective Class or Denomination, Sort or Kind, and in such Manner that any Officer or Officers surveying the Mill

or Manufactory may at all Times, with the Assistance of such Maker and Makers, or a sufficient Number of his, her or their Servants, which Assistance they the said Maker and Makers are

208

C. 58.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Officer to take an Account of Stock.

Maker to keep different Classes of Paper, &c. charged with Duty from that which has not been charged, and so as the Officer may easily see the Stamp and take an Account of the Number and Weight of the Reams, &c.

Obstructing Officer, &c. Penalty 100L

hereby required, on the Request of such Officer or Officers, to give to the utmost of his, her or their Power, correctly, and without Difficulty, take Account of the Number of Reams or Parcels of each Class or Denomination, Sort or Kind, of Paper,

4 Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard respectively, and be able, without the Necessity of removing or disturbing any of the Reams of such Paper, to distinguish the Words, Matters and Things directed to be printed, written or stamped upon the Wrapper, Cover or Label of each Ream of such Paper: And Whereas it is expedient to repeal the Provisions above recited; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, the same shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, it shall be lawful for the Officers of Excise, when Occasion shall require, or they may think fit, to inspect or take an Account of the Stock of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard and Scaleboard respectively, and of the Quantities of each in the Custody or Possession of such Maker and Makers as aforesaid; and all and every such Maker and Makers shall and is and are hereby required at all Times to place and keep his, her or their Stock of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard and Scaleboard respectively, which has been charged with Duty, distinct and separate from that which has not been charged with Duty, and also distinct and separate according to its respective Class or Denomination, and shall place and keep such Stock charged with Duty in such Manner that any Officer or Officers surveying the Mill or Manufactory of such Maker or Makers may at all Times correctly, and without Difficulty, see and distinguish on the Side of each Ream and Parcel respectively the End of the Label hereinafter mentioned, on which the Impression is or ought to be or ou^ht to have been or has been made of the Stamp hereinafter mentioned called the Departure Stamp, and to take a just and true Account of the Number of Reams of each Class of Paper, and of the Number of Parcels of each Denomination of Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard and Scaleboard respectively, whether charged or uncharged respectively with Duty, and of the Weight of any such Ream or Parcel, with the Assistance of such Maker or Makers, or a sufficient Number of his, her or their Servants, which Assistance they the said Maker and Makers are hereby respectively required, on the Request of such Officer or Officers, to give to the utmost of his, her or their Power; and if any Maker or Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall oppose, molest. Obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise in inspecting or taking such Account as aforesaid, or shall at any time refuse or neglect, when required, to give to any Officer or Officers such Assistance as aforesaid, or shall at any time neglect or refuse to' keep his, her or their Stock of Paper, Millboard, Button Board,

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 58. 209

Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard and Scaleboard respectively, in such Manner as aforesaid, or hide or conceal any Part thereof, all and every such Maker and Makers, or Person and Persons"so offending, shall for every such Offence severally forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

IV. And Whereas by the said recited Act it is enacted, that 56 G.3. c. 105. 4 all and every Maker or Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button |4. repealed Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Paste- "°m Jan *

board, in tying up any Ream or Parcel of Paper, Millboard, l8*1,

Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, shall make use of only One entire and unknotted String, and that such String shall pass over the Length and across the Middle of each Ream of Paper, so that the Knot formed by tying together the Two Ends of such String shall be on the Middle of One of the Sides of such Ream, and that such String shall pass over the Length, and Twice at equal Distances across the Breadth of each Parcel of Millboard, Button Board,

Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard,

4 so that the Knot formed by tying together die Two Ends of such.

4 String shall be in the Middle of one of such Crossings, and on One of the Sides of such Parcel: And Whereas such Provision is found inconvenient, and it is expedient to repeal the same Be it therefore enacted, That fron\ and after the fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, the said recited Provision shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Weight of Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paperto be put Fkper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, shall, in mark- j" ing, writing or printing on every Ream of Paper and Parcel of on

Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Label to be Paper, Pasteboard and Scaleboard respectively, in large and legible affixed on the Characters, as required by the said recited Act, the Weight of Wrapper of each such Ream and Parcel respectively, write or print the same in Words at Length, joining to the Word or Words expressing aper> such Weight, the Letters lbs. or the Wrord Pounds, and shall write or print the same upon the Label hereinafter mentioned, and affixed as hereby required on the Wrapper of every Ream of Paper, and of every Parcel of Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper,

Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard and Scaleboard; and if any such Maker or Makers as aforesaid shall refuse or neglect Maker neglect-to write or print, or cause to be written or printed as aforesaid ing, &c. or if on such Label of and upon every Ream of Paper, and of and upon every Parcel of Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed *

Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard and Scaleboard respectively, as soon as such Ream or Parcel is tied up in such Wrapper as hereinafter mentioned, or at or before the Time when such Ream or Parcel is or shall be produced to be weighed or charged by the Officer with Duty, the Weight of such Ream and Parcel respectively, in large and legible Characters, and in Words at Length, or to join to the Word or Words expressing such Weight, the Letters lbs. or the Word Pounds as aforesaid; or if any such Ream of Paper or Parcel of Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, shall at any Time, on being reweighed by any Officer or Officers of Excise \ Geo. IV, P (which

210

C. 58.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

(which such Officer and Officers are hereby respectively authorised and empowered to do,) be found to weigh under or over the Weight so marieed, written or printed on such Ream or Parcel by such Maker or Makers as aforesaid, in the Proportion of Five per Centum, if the Weight of the Ream or Parcel exceed Twenty Pounds, or Ten per Centum if such Weight be Twenty Pounds or of less Weight, the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Maker or Makers of such Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, shall Penaltj. for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred

Pounds, in respect of every such Ream or Parcel respectively.

+VI. And Whereas it is by the said recited Act enacted, that all and every Maker and Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, shall, as soon as any Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard has been made and tied up as is by Law in that Behalf directed, and before it is produced to the proper Officer of Excise to be weighed and stamped to denote the Charge of Duty, firmly and permanently fix or cause to be fixed with warm Paste made of Glue, Flour and Water only, a Label made of a certain Kind of Paper, called Tissue Paper, of at least Four Inches square, and of a different Colour from the Cover or Wrapper of the Ream, to and upon one of the Sides of the Cover or Wrapper of each and every Ream of Paper, and over the Knot formed by tying together the Two Ends of the String thereof, and shall firmly and permanently fix or cause to be fixed as aforesaid, on each and every Parcel of Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper and Pasteboard, a Label made of the said Paper called Tissue Paper aforesaid, of at least Nine Inches square, over the Knot formed by tying together the Two Ends of the String thereof, and to and upon another larger Piece of Paper of a different Colour placed on the Top or Bottom of such Parcel, and beneath such Knot, and between the String and outer Sheet of such Parcel of Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard respectively, and shall write or print, or cause to be written or printed on each and every such Labels respectively, in distinct and legible Characters, immediately after the same has been so affixed as aforesaid, and has become perfectly dry, the progressive Number of the Ream or Parcel, and in Words at Length, the Class or Denomination, and Sort or Kind of the Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, and if the Paper has been so divided as aforesaid, the Number of Pieces into which the original Sheet shall have been divided as aforesaid, and the Weight of such Ream or Parcel as aforesaid; and shall also write, print or mark thereon the Number or Letter by which the Mill at which such Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard has been manufactured, shall be distinguished by the Book or Paper delivered to such Maker or Makers, and then in use as hereinbefore mentioned; and on which Label when perfectly dry, but not before, shall

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 58. 211

also be Impressed by the Officer after he has weighed such Paper,

Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, Part of the Stamp to denote the Charge of Duty, the other Part thereof being impressed upon the Wrapper of the Ream of Paper, or upon the larger Piece of Paper to which such Label is affixed upon each Parcel of Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard as aforesaid, with such Penalty and Forfeiture as is therein mentioned: And Whereas it is expedient to repeal so much of the said Act as is hereinbefore recited, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof Be it therefore enacted, From Jan. 5, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight 1821, 56 G. 5. hundred and twenty one, so much of the said Act as is hereinbe- 10?' $6# fore recited shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that the p1* Commissioners of Excise of England and Scotland respectively of E^d^to*" shall from time to time issue and cause to be issued to every Su- i»ue to the pervisor of Excise in whose District any Paper Mill shall be situ- Supervisor of ated, or in which any Maker of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, the District a Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, shall carry on any Manufactory thereof respectively, be*use(j to a sufficient Number of Labels of such Form and Construction as which Officer to the Commissioners of Excise in England shall seem fit and to supply proper for the Purpose hereinafter mentioned; and that, from and Maker, after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty on§, every such Maker as aforesaid shall, on his or her Request in Writing given to the proper Officer of Excise, specifying therein the Number of Labels which such Maker has need of for the Purpose hereinafter mentioned, be, within Eight Days after the Receipt of such Notice, supplied by such Officer with such Number of Labels signed by the Supervisor of Excise of such District for the time being, and marked by such Supervisor with the Number or Letter by which the Mill or Manufactory of such Maker is distinguished by the Book or Paper delivered to such Maker, and then in use as is hereinbefore mentioned; and every such Maker, or his or her Foreman or Servant, shall, at the Time of the Delivery thereof, acknowledge on the Back of such Request Note the Receipt from the Officer of such Number of Labels as aforesaid; and shall, before he or she shall tie up any Ream Label to be of Paper or Parcel of Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, on

Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, in any Wrapper or Wrappers, fix or cause to be fixed with Paste and iAbel *

Glue, or Paste or Glue, on One of such Wrappers, One of such shall be on the Labels as aforesaid, and shall press the same so that such Label Top, with the shall be firmly and permanently fixed, united and dried thereon End thereof and thereto; and that every such Maker as aforesaid shall tie up fi* receiving the every Ream of Paper and Parcel of Millboard, Button Board, the1Deprture Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard and Stamponthe Scaleboard respectively, in a Wrapper or in Wrappers, on or to Side.

One of which Wrappers such Label shall be firmly and permanently fixed, united and dried as aforesaid; and which Label, when such Ream and Parcel respectively is so tied up as aforesaid, shall be on the Top of every such Ream and Parcel, with the End (thereof, for receiving the Impression of the Departure Stamp hereinafter mentioned, on the Side of such Wrapper, or such Label

212

C. 56.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Class and Weight to be put on Label by Maker; and when Officer weighs Paper, &c. to put thereon the progressive Number of such Hearn,

&c. and the Quarter and Year when weighed.

Officer to write on such Label the Day of the Month, and afterwards stamp the Hearn or Parcel.

How Quarters shall be distinguished.

Maker destroying, Sec. Label, making false Entry thereon, using it on any other Wrapper, tying up Paper, &c. in any Wrapper without such Label, and not marking on it the Particulars before mentioned, and otherwise offending as herein mentioned;

shall be affixed on such other Part of such Wrapper as the Commissioners of Excise in England shall from time to time order and direct; and every such Maker as aforesaid shall, after such Ream and Parcel as aforesaid shall be so respectively tied up, write or print on such Label the Class of Paper, and the Denomination and Number of Dozens of Sheets of Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, contained in such Wrappers, and also the Weight of such Ream or Parcel respectively, in the Manner required by this Act; and that when any Officer of Excise shall weigh any Paper, or any Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, for the Purpose of stamping and charging the same respectively with Duty, every such Maker as aforesaid shall write on such Label as aforesaid the proper progressive Number of each Ream or Parcel thereof respectively, as and when the same is put into or taken out of the Scale in which the same is so weighed, and the Quarter and Year in which such Ream and Parcel respectively is so weighed; and every such Officer shall thereupon write upon such Label as aforesaid, the Day of the Month on which such Ream and Parcel respectively is weighed by him as aforesaid, and sign the same with his Christian and Surname, and shall thereupon stamp every such Ream and Parcel respectively with the Stamp denoting the Charge of Duty on such Ream or Parcel respectively, on the Top of every such Ream or Parcel respectively, Part of such Stamp being on such Label as aforesaid, and Part thereof on the Wrapper; and shall also stamp every such Ream and Parcel respectively on each Side thereof, across the Edges of the Upper and Lower Wrappers where they join or overlap; and that for better regulating such progressive Number as aforesaid, the current Year shall be divided into Four Quarters, commencing respectively on the Sixth Day of July, Eleventh Day of October, the Sixth Day of January, and Sixth Day of April, the same being successively numbered First, Second, Third and Fourth Quarters, and such progressive Numbers as aforesaid shall begin and commence, and be renewed with every such Quarter; and if any Maker of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, shall cancel, obliterate or destroy any such Label as aforesaid, or make any false Entry thereon, or shall use any such Label as aforesaid, or the Wrapper on which the same has been put or fixed, to cover or tie up any other Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, than that contained in such Wrapper with such Label when first tied up and weighed, and charged with Duty; or shall take off, remove or detach, or cause, permit or suffer to be taken off, removed or detached, any such Label from any such Wrapper as aforesaid; or shall tie up any Ream of Paper or Parcel of Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, in any Wrapper or Wrappers without such Label as aforesaid, or on One of which Wrappers (such Wrapper being on the Top of such Ream or Parcel) he or she shall not have, before such Ream or Parcel respectively was so tied up, fixed or caused to be fixed with Paste and Glue, or Paste or Glue, One of such Labels as

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 58. 213

aforesaid, and pressed the same so that such Label shall be firmly and permanently fixed and dried thereon and thereto; or shall not, after such Ream or Parcel respectively as aforesaid shall be tied up with Wrappers on One of which such Label shall be fixed as aforesaid, write on such Label the Class of Paper, and the Denomination and Number of Dozens of Sheets of Millboard. Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard contained in such Wrappers, and also the Weight of such Ream or Parcel respectively, in the Manner required by this Act; or shall not, when any such Ream or Parcel is weighed by any Officer as aforesaid to be charged with Duty, write on such Label as aforesaid the proper progressive Number of such Ream or Parcel respectively, as and when the same is put into or taken out of the Scale after being so weighed, and the Quarter and Year in which such Ream or Parcel respectively is so weighed; or shall sell, send out or deliver any Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, without being so tied up and labelled, and such Label written or printed upon as aforesaid; or shall not from time to time, on the Demand of any Supervisor or other Officer of Excise of equal Rank with a Supervisor, produce and deliver to him or them all such Labels delivered to such Maker and Makers as aforesaid, as shall be over and above the Number for which such Maker or Makers shall have produced to the proper Officer of Excise, to be taken account of, Reams of Paper, or Parcels of Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard; every such Maker shall for every such Label, Wrapper, Ream and Parcel respectively as aforesaid, in respect of which such Offence shall be committed, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Excise of England and Scotland respectively shall from time to time issue and cause to be issued to every Supervisor of Excise in whose District any Paper Mill shall be situated, or in which any Maker of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, shall carry on any Manufacture thereof respectively, a sufficient Number of Stamps or Dies of such Form and Construction as to the Commissioners of Excise of England shall seem fit and proper for the Purpose hereinafter mentioned, and having moveable Figures therein, denoting the Numbers of the Day, Month and Year respectively, to be called and distinguished by the Name or Title of a Departure Stamp; and that from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, every such Maker*as aforesaid shall, on his or her Request in Writing given to the proper Officer of Excise, hive delivered to him or her by such Officer One of such Stamps or Dies, the Receipt whereof shall, at the Time of such Delivery, be acknowledged on the Back of such Request Note by such Maker or his Foreman or Servant; and every such Maker shall, before he or she shall send out or remove or deliver from his or her Mill or Manufactory aforesaid, any Paper, or any Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, truly and distinctly put and fix an Impression, with Printers' Ink, of such

[Penalty.]

Departure Stamps to be issued.

One to lie. delivered to Ml »ker, who shall fix an In | iion then if on the of every Kcutn of Paper, &c. before the Mine is sent out of the Mill, and on each Side of the Wrapper.

C. 58. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820. 214

Maker not giving a Receipt for the Stamps, or for not placing Stamp as directed;

or having Paper, &c* in Possession for Twenty four Hours after being so stamped, &o

or removing Paper, &c. without such Departure Stamp, &c.

Forfeiture of Paper, Sec. and 2001. for every Ream and Parcel.

Departure Stamp or Die on such Part of the Label of every Ream of such Paper, and of every Parcel of such Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard respectively, as shall be prepared or printed or shall be directed by the Commissioners of Excise of England for that Purpose, and on each Side of every Wrapper on which such Label is fixed near to and above the Duty Charge Stamp, and which Impression shall contain the Number of the Day, and also of the Month and Year, on which the same was put and fixed as aforesaid; and if any such Maker by himself or his Foreman or Servant shall not give or cause to be given such Receipt to the Officer for such Stamp or Die as aforesaid, or shall not, before he or she shall send out, deliver or remove any Paper or Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, put and affix on the Label and Wrappers thereof as aforesaid, such Impression of such Departure Stamp as aforesaid; or if any Ream of Paper or Parcel of Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, having such Impression on such Label and on the Wrappers thereof as aforesaid, shall be found in the Possession or on the entered Premises of any such Maker as aforesaid, (not being Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Piroer, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, sent or received by such Maker from some other Mill or Manufactory, or returned to such Maker from his or her Customer or Customers, and of which such Notice shall be given as hereinafter mentioned, and which shall be kept in Stock shewn and produced as hereinafter mentioned,) after the Expiration of Twenty four Hours after the Day of the Date of such Impression, Sundays excluded; or if any Label or Wrapper having thereon such Impression of a Departure Stamp as aforesaid, and not containing Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, shall be found in the Possession or on the entered Premises of any such Maker as aforesaid; or if any Paper, or Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, shall be found removing or removed from any such Mill or Manufactory as aforesaid, or in the Custody or Possession of any Stationer or Dealer in Paper (not being broken Reams or Parcels for immediate Sale, Use or Consumption) , without being inclosed in a Wrapper so labelled and with such Impressions of a Departure Stamp thereon and on the Wrappers thereof as aforesaid, all and every such Label, Wrapper, Ream, Parcel, Paper, Millboard, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard and Scaleboard respectively, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and every such Maker, and every Person removing or who has removed or been concerned in the Delivery, Removal or Receipt of any such Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheatning Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, and every Stationer or Dealer, Person or Persons, in whose Custody or Possession such Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard and Scaleboard respectively shall be found (except as aforesaid) , shall for every such

215 A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 58.

Offence lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds in respect of every such Ream and Parcel respectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Maker of Paper, Maker to do-Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing liver up to Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, to whom any such Stamp as Supervisor De-aforesaid called a Departure Stamp shall have been delivered as P<J|ture aforesaid, shall, upon the Demand of any Supervisor of Excise,

or other Officer of Excise of equal Rank or Degree, deliver back to such Supervisor or other Officer such Stamp, together with every Figure, Letter, and Part thereof, or thereunto belonging or therewith used and employed, on pain of forfeiting for every Penalty 50l. QCh Offence the Sum of Fifty Founds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Paper. Sec. resiled Maker as aforesaid shall receive into his or her Possession, turned, tube or have delivered at or on his or her entered Premises, any Paper, marked with Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing ^Letter*^ Paper, Fasti hoard or Scaleboard, which has been made or charged which the Mill with Duty at any other Mill or Manufactory, or which has been igduttinguished, sent out by such Maker and has been returned to him or her from or with the any Customer or Customers, or other Person or Persons, every Word'Return-such Maker shall mark, write or print on, and distinguish every

such Ream or Parcel of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard respectively, with the Number or Letter by which the Mill or Manufactory is distinguished at which the same was made or manufactured, or with the Word ' Returned, respectively, as the Case may happen to be; and shall keep all such Paper, Millboard, and be kept Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper,

Pasteboard and Scaleboard respectively, separate and apart from each other, and from all other Paper, Millboard, Button Board, who shall take Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard and an Account Scaleboard; and shall, on the next succeeding Visit or Survey of thereof; his or her surveying Officer of Excise, give such Officer Notice in Writing thereof, specifying in such Notice the progressive Number and Weight of each such Ream or Parcel, the Number of the Mill or Manufactory where made, the Date of Charge, the Date of the Departure Stamp (if any) , and the Person from whom and Place from whence and Day when received by such Maker; and shall, upon such Visit or Survey, produce to such Officer all such Paper,

Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard and Scaleboard respectively, and assist such

Officer in taking a true and particular Account thereof; and every *nd on being

such Maker shall, before he, she or they shall send out, remove grooved th

or deliver from his or her Mill or Manufactory any such Paper,

Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing affixed *

Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, write or print on the Label of the Wrapper or Cover thereof, the distinguishing Number of his or her Mill or Manufactory, and put and fix as hereinbefore directed such Impressions of the Departure Stamp as are hereinbefore directed in respect of Paper made at such Mill and sent out as aforesaid;

and if any such Maker as aforesaid shall neglect to give such The wid Di-

Notice as aforesaid, or shall give as aforesaid a false or untrue ration* not

Notice, or shall refuse or neglect to produce all such Paper, Mill- bong complied

board, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing m 9

216

C. 58.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Paper forfeited, and Pc

i Penalty.

Provisions of Act to apply to all uncharged Stock of Paper, &c. on Jan. 5, 1821.

Label to be affixed on the Wrapper, and Officer to take an Account.

Departure Stamp to be affixed to the Wrapper of Paper, &c. removed.

Maker offending as herein mentioned.

Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard as aforesaid to such Officer, or to assist such Officer in taking a true and particular Account thereof, or shall neglect to write or print upon the Label of any such Ream or Parcel as aforesaid the distinguishing Number of his or her Mill or Manufactory, or to fix such Impressions of the Departure Stamp on the Label and Wrappers or Covers of every such Ream of Paper or Parcel of Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, when again sent out from such Mill or Manufactory, every such Maker shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds for every such Ream or Parcel in respect whereof the Provisions and Directions of this Act are not complied with as aforesaid, and every such Ream and Parcel respectively shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and the several Provisions and Directions thereof, shall be in force and applied, and shall be observed and executed to and in respect of all the uncharged Stock of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard and Scaleboard respectively, which shall be in the Possession of any such Maker as aforesaid on the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty one; and that every such Maker as aforesaid shall, on the Wrapper or Cover of every Ream or Parcel thereof respectively, put, place and affix as aforesaid such Label as aforesaid, with such Names, Numbers, Matters and Things thereupon written or printed as hereinbefore directed; and that the proper Officer and Officers of Excise, on the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, or as soon after as conveniently may be, shall examine and take a true and particular Account of all such uncharged Stock of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, in the Possession of every such Maker as aforesaid; and that every such Maker as aforesaid shall, upon every Ream of Paper, and Parcel of Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, charged with Duty before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, but which shall not be sent out from the Mill or Stock of such Maker as aforesaid before that Day, put and fix as aforesaid such Impressions of the Departure Stamp as aforesaid on the Label and Wrappers or Covers of every such Ream and Parcel respectively, as are hereinbefore directed; and if any such Maker as aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to put, place and affix as aforesaid such Label as aforesaid on every such Ream and Parcel respectively of uncharged Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, as shall be in the Possession of such Maker on the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, or shall not, upon the Request of such Officer as aforesaid, produce the same to be examined and taken Account of by him, or shall not, by himself or herself, or by a sufficient Number of his, her or their Servants or Workmen, give such Aid or Assistance to such Officer as he may require for taking such Account, or shall in any respect obstruct,

1° GEO. IV. C. 58. 217

hinder or deceive him therein, or shall refuse or neglect on every Ream of Paper, or Parcel of Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, which shall have been charged with Duty before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and shall not be sent out from the Mill or Stock of such Maker before that Day, put and fix as aforesaid such Impressions of the Departure Stamp as aforesaid, every such Maker shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds for Paper forfeited, every such Ream and Parcel respectively in respect whereof the and Penalty. Provisions and Directions of this Act shall not be complied with as aforesaid, and every such Ream and Parcel respectively shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Stationer or Stationers, Stationers not or Dealer or Dealers in Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button to return Wrap-Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, cancel*^ nor any other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall restore, return, re-deliver or send, or procure, permit or suffer to be restored, returned, re-delivered or sent to any Maker or Makers of Paper,

Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, nor to any Mill, Workhouse,

Storehouse, Room or other Place to any such Maker or Makers belonging, nor to any other Place or Places whatever, to or for the Use of any Maker or Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, any Wrapper, Cover or Label which has been before used as a Wrapper, Cover or Xabel to any Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, and marked or stamped with the Marks, Stamps or Impressions directed by this Act to be used; but that all and every Stationer and Stationers, or Dealer and Dealers in Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper,

Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, and other Person and Persons, shall, and they are hereby respectively required, upon opening any Ream of Paper, or Parcel of Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, forthwith to permanently cancel, deface and obliterate the Label, and the several Stamps and Impressions of Stamps thereon, and on the Wrappers and Covers of every such Ream or Parcel, and every Part of such Label,

Stamps and Impressions respectively, without separating, detaching or taking such Label from off such Cover or Wrapper; nor Makers not to shall any Maker or Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, «eive such Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scale- ^PP61* board, receive, or cause, procure, permit or suffer to be received, restored, returned, re-delivered or sent to him, her or them, or to be kept or deposited at any Mill, Workhouse, Storehouse, Room or other Place to him, her or them belonging, or at any other Place, to or for his, her or their Use, any Wrapper, Cover or Label which has been before used as a Wrapper, Cover or Label to any Quantity of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, or in or with which any Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

[Penalty.]

Proviso respecting Wrappers returned with Paper, &c. disliked on opening and refused.

47 6.3. teas. 2. c. SO. § IS. and 49 G. S. c. 81. $ 1. repealed.

Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard has been removed, carried or 6ent but by any Maker or Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard; on pain that every such Stationer or Dealer, or Maker or Makers or Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, or other Person and Persons offending therein contrary to the Directions and Provisions of this Act, shall, for every such Offence, severally forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds in respect of every such Wrapper, Cover or Label, and every such Wrapper, Cover or Label shall be forfeited, and the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise: Provided always, that nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend, to inflict the said Penalty of Two hundred Pounds for or on account of the not destroying or returning any Wrapper or Cover which hath been opened, containing therein the same identical Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard which was removed, carried or sent away by the Maker or Makers thereof, and which is returned to him, her or them on account of the same being disliked and refused by the Person or Persons to whom the same was sent, for or on account of the not destroying or returning any Label affixed to such Wrapper or Cover; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary m anywise notwithstanding.

XII. And Whereas by an Act made in the Forty seventh Year

of the Reign of His said late Majesty, amongst other Things to

amend several Laws of Excise m Great Britain, it is enacted,

that if any Person or Persons whatever shall counterfeit or forge, or cause to be counterfeited or forged, any Stamp,

Device or Label provided or directed to be used in pursuance of ' another Act made in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, every Person so offending, and being thereof

duly convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall for such his, her or their Offence be transported as a Felon or Felons for the Space of Seven Years: And Whereas by another Act made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty,

amongst other Things to amend several Laws of Excise, it is enacted, that if any Person or Persons whatever shall, upon any Cover or Wrapper of or belonging to, or used with, or upon any Label affixed to any Ream or Quantity of Papefr, or upon any Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, coun-

terfeit, forge or resemble the Mark or Impression of any Stamp or Device provided or directed to be used in pursuance of the ' said Act of the Thirty fourth Year of His said Majesty's Reign;

or shall have in his, her or their Custody or Possession any such counterfeit Stamp or Device, knowing the same to be counterfeited, or shall have in his, her or their Custody or Possession,

or shall utter, vend or sell any Paper with a counterfeit or forged Mark or Impression of any such Stamp or Device on the

Cover or Wrapper of such Paper, or of any Label affixed thereto,

or any Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper,

with a counterfeit or forged Mark or Impression of any such Stamp or Device upon such Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard

4 or

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 58. 219

or Glazed Paper, or upon any Label affixed thereto, knowing the same to oe so counterfeited or forged; or shall, upon any

Ream or Quantity of Paper which has not been duly entered with the proper Officer or Officers, and charged with the Duty

imposed for or in respect of such Paper, knowingly put or place

any Cover or Wrapper having thereon such counterfeit v or forged Mark or Impression, or any such counterfeit Label;

every Person so in either of the said Cases offending, and being ' thereof duly convicted, shall in lieu and instead of the said Penalty of Five hundred Pounds, be adjudged a Felon, and shall for such his, her or their Offence be transported as a Felon or

Felons for the Space of Seven Years: And Whereas the Provisions hereinbefore recited have not answered the good Purposes thereby intended, and it is expedient that so much of the aforesaid Acts as are hereinbefore recited should be re- pealed Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, so much of the said Acts respectively as are hereinbefore recited, shall be and the same is and are hereby repealed.

Xm. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand 'eight hundred and twenty one, if any Person or Persons shall write, counterfeit or forge, or cause to be imitated, counterfeited or forged, any Stamp, Die, Device or Label, or any Figure, Letter or Phrt of any Stamp, Die, Device or Label, directed by or provided and used in pursuance of this Act, or of any other Act or Acts of Parliament made for securing the Duties on Paper, Millboard, Bntton Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard and Scale-board; or shall have in his, her or their Custody or Possession any such false, counterfeit or forged Stamp, Die, Device or Label, or any false, counterfeit or forged Figure, Letter or Part of any such Stamp, Die. Device or Label, knowing the same to be false, counterfeited and forged; or shall, upon any Wrapper or Cover of or belonging to or used with or upon any Quantity of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, or upon any such Label as aforesaid, imitate, counterfeit or forge, or cause to be imitated, counterfeited or forged, the Mark or Impression of any such Stamp, Die or Device, or of any Figure, Letter, Character or Part of any such Stamp, Die or Device as aforesaid, or knowingly have the same in his, her or their Custody or Possession; or shall have in his, her or their Custody or Possession, or shall utter, vend or sell any Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, with a false, imitated, counterfeited or forged Mark or Impression of any such Stamp, Die or Device, or any Figure, Letter, Character or Part thereof, on the Wrapper or Cover of such Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, or on any such Label affixed thereto or thereupon, or to or upon any Wrapper or Cover thereof, or with any false, counterfeit or forged Label aforesaid, or any false, counterfeit or forged Figure, Letter, Character or Part of such Label as aforesaid, or with any false, counterfeited or forged Printing or Writing on any such Label, knowing the same or any

Counterfeiting Stamps, &c. used for securing tljp Duties on Paper, &c. having them in Possession, using them on Wrappers or Labels, or selling Paper, &c. with counterfeit Stomps, and otherwise offending as herein mentioned.

C-. 58.

l* GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

[Penalty.]

9

Maker to enter an Account of Quantity and Weight of each Class of Paper, $c. sold or sent from Mill with Date of Departure Stamp; and deliver an Account of progressive Number's of Reams, &c. sent out &ince last Survey.

Book to be kept on the Premises and open to Inspection of Officer.

Neglecting to keep Book or

Part thereof to be counterfeited or forged; or shall, upon any Quantity of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, put or place any Wrapper or Cover, or Part of any Wrapper or Cover, or any Label or Part of any Label, having thereon or therein any false, counterfeit or forged Writing, Printing, Letter, Figure, Character, Mark or Impression, knowing the same to be false, counterfeited and forged; or shall, upon any Ream of Paper or Parcel of Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, not taken account of and charged with Duty by the proper Officer of Excise, put or place any of the Stamps or Impressions directed by or provided or used in pursuance of this Act, or any such other Acts as aforesaid; every Person so in either of the said Cases offending shall, for every such false, counterfeit or forged Stamp, Die, Device or Label, or Figure, Letter, Character or Part of such Stamp, Die, Device or Label, forfeit and lose the Sum of One thousand Pounds, and for every such Wrapper, Cover, Ream or Parcel respectively, the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and every such false, counterfeited and forged Stamp, Die, Device and Label, Figure, Letter, Character and Part of such Stamp, Die, Device or Label, and every such false, counterfeit and forged Impression, and every such Wrapper, Cover, Ream and Parcel respectively, shall be forfeited, and sKall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Maker of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, shall daily and every Day enter or cause to be entered in a Book to be provided by him, her or them for that Purpose, an exact and particular Account of the Quantity and Weight of each Class Qf Paper, and of each Denomination of Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard and Scaleboard respectively, and of the progressive Number of every Ream and Parcel thereof respectively, which shall be sold, delivered or sent out from his or her Mill or Manufactory by any such Maker as aforesaid, and of the Date of such Impression of such Departure Stamp or Die as aforesaid put and affixed thereon, and of the Place to which and Conveyance by which the same shall be sent; and shall daily or on' every successive Survey by any Officer of Excise of the entered Mill or Premises of such Maker, deliver to such Officer an Account in Writing signed by such Maker or his Foreman, containing the progressive Numbers of all the Reams of Paper and Parcels of Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard respectively delivered or sent out from such Mill or Manufactory on that Day, or since the last Survey of an Officer of Excise, as the Case may be; and such Book shall be at all times kept on the entered Premises of every such Maker as aforesaid, open to the Inspection of any Officer of Excise of superior Rank to a Supervisor, and to any Supervisor or other Officer of equal Rank with the Supervisor of Excise, when required by any written Order of a Collector of Excise, or other Officer of Excise of superior Rank to a Supervisor, who shall visit or survey the same; and if any such Maker

1° GEO. IV. C. 58. 221

as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to keep such Book, or daily obstructing Of-make or cause to be made due Entries therein as aforesaid, ac- ficer> &c* cording to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or shall make, or cause or permit to be made, any false Entry therein, or shall cancel, alter, obliterate or destroy any of such Entries made therein, or tear thereout or destrdy any of the Leaves or Part of such Book or Paper, or shall hinder or obstruct any Officer of Excise of superior Rank to a Supervisor, or any Supervisor, or any Officer of equal Rank with a Supervisor, when required by any written Order of a Collector or other Officer of Excise of superior Rank to a Supervisor, from or in examining or inspecting such Book, or making any Extract or Extracts therefrom at his or their free Will and Pleasure, or shall refuse or neglect to deliver to the Officer of Excise such Paper as aforesaid, every such Maker as aforesaid shall for every such Offence forfeit and Penalty 200I. lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted, That whenever by the said Paper, &c. may recited Act, Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, bedisuiiguished GLized Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard and Scaleboard, are seCOncTc*ass required to be distinguished by the different Classes, Denomi- only, nations. Sorts and Kinds of each, the same shall not be required

to be further or otherwise separate or distinguished than into Paper of the First and Second Class respectively; and all such Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard and Scaleboard into their aforesaid several Denominations; and no Penalty imposed by the said Act shall be incurred by not distinguishing or separating the same or any of them into their several Sorts and Kinds; any thing in the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every Retailer, Stationer Persons buying or Dealer in Papfcr, or other Person who shall have bought, Paper liable to received or agreed for any Paper, Millboard, Button Board, on^ing In-Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or formation, re-Sc ileboard respectively, which may be forfeited or liable to Seiz- ceive the Value ure by this or by any other Act or Acts, and shall discover to P*i(1 by ^e-and inform any Officer or Officers of Excise of the same, shall on tollcr, &c* the Condemnation thereof, and on Conviction of the Offender in

the Penalty or Penalties incurred by such Offence, be paid (by the Officer seizing the same) the Value of all such Paper, Mill-board, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard and Scaleboard respectively, which shall be so seized and condemned, and for which such Retailer, Stationer,

Dealer or other Person shall have actually paid or be liable to pay, and shall pay, and such Payment shall be deemed a Part of the Expenses attending such Seizure.

XVII. And Whereas it is by the said Act, made in the Fifty 56 G. 5. c. 103.

sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, enacted, that no i n. repealed.

1 Maker or Makers of Paper, or other Person or Persons, shall carry

on the Trade or Business of a Stationer or Dealer in Paper,

V Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, at any Paper or Pasteboard Mill respectively; nor shall any Maker or Makers of Paper carry on the Business of a Stationer or Dealer in Paper in or on any Premises

222

C. 58.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Stationer carrying on Business at a Mill; or Maker carrying on the Business of a Stationer within One Mile of Mill; Penalty 9001.

Who shall be deemed Paste* board Makers.

Pasteboard Maker to take out a Licence, and make Entry of his Premises.

Notice to be given of opening Reams, and an Account rendered of the Quantity used quarterly.

mises within the Distance of Two Miles of any Mill or Manufactory for the making of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard: And Whereas it is expedient to repeal the said recited Provision Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hondred and twenty one, the same shall be and is hereby repealed; and that from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, no Person or Persons whatever shall carry on or be concerned in the Trade or Business of a Retail Stationer or Dealer in Paper, Mill-board, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, at any Paper or Pasteboard Mill respectively, nor shall any Maker or Makers of Paper carry on or be concerned in the Business of a Retail Stationer or Dealer in Paper, in or on any Premises within the Distance of One Mile of any Mill or Manufactory for the making of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard respectively, wherein he or she is concerned or interested, on pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Maker and Manufacturer of Pasteboard (not made at any Mill) from Paper of the First Class and Denomination only, for being cut into and sold by him or her as Cards not exceeding the Size of Sixty four square Inches, or playing Cards, and every Maker of Bottle Stands, Spectacle Cases, Tea Trays, or any other Wares or Articles of Merchandise made from or with Paper, pasted or united together, and moulded into such Articles, shall be deemed a Pasteboard Maker, and shall be subject and liable to take out and pay for a Licence as a Pasteboard Maker, and to make Entry of his or her Premises as such at the proper Office of Excise; and that every such Maker and Manufacturer shall from time to time give Notice as a Pasteboard Maker, and as required by Law of Pasteboard Makers, of opening any Reams of Paper for the purpose of the Sheets thereof being pasted or united together as aforesaid, and shall, at the End of every such Quarter of a Year as aforesaid, make and render to the proper Officer of Excise an Entry in Writing, signed by such Maker or his Foreman with his Christian and Surname, of the whole Weight of the Paper, distinguishing the Class or Denomination thereof used and employed by him or her in such Quarter as aforesaid, and that he and she respectively have not in such Quarter used or employed, or permitted to be used or employed as aforesaid, any other than such Paper as was opened in the Presence of the proper Officer, and is mentioned and entered in such Quarterly Account as aforesaid; and if any such Maker or Manufacturer as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to take out and pay for such Licence as aforesaid, or to make such Entry at the proper Office of Excise as aforesaid, or to make or render such Quarterly Entry or Account as aforesaid, or shall not make true and faithful Entries and Accounts as aforesaid, or any such Pasteboard Maker for Cards as aforesaid shall use or employ any other than First Class Paper for that Purpose, or shall make or sell any Pasteboard, except cut into Cards not exceeding the Size of Sixty four square Inches, or playing Cards, every

1° GEO. IV. C. 58. 2 23

such Maker or Manufacturer shall for every such Offence forfeit Penalty lool. and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and no such Maker Not liable to or Manufacturer as aforesaid, who shall take out and pay for such an7 further Licence and make such Entry at the next Office of Excise, and make and render such Quarterly Account as aforesaid, and observe, fulfil and keep the Conditions hereinbefore mentioned, shall be Makers, subject or liable to any other of the Rules or Regulations relating to Makers of Pasteboard; any thing to the contrary thereof in any other Act or Acts notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Maker of Paper, Mill- No Charge of

board, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing

Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, shall, on comparing the Quan- x1^Cyun]^be tity thereof respectively contained and inserted in the Entries the Deficiency required by the said recited Act, added to the uncharged Stock of the Quaoti-of such Maker, shall be charged with Duties on any Deficiency of fie* contained Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper," Entries Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard respectively, unless uncharged the Deficiency of such Quantity contained and inserted in such stock shall be Entries, added to the uncharged Stock of such Maker, shall be found more found to be more than Ten per Centum under and below the th&n Ten PCT Account entered and kept of the Paper, Millboard, Button Board, £en*:

Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or k(^u ccount Scaleboard respectively, which shall have been daily made by

such Maker, and of which no Account is to be so kept as aforesaid, any thing in the said Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and every such Maker as aforesaid shall, at the time of making such annual Balance as provided and required by the said su*kItTbe de-recited Act, make out and deliver to the proper Officer, at his iivered to Of-Request, a just and true Account according to the best of his or ficer at his Re-her Knowledge, Information and Belief, and signed by him or her, quest, or his or her Foreman or 'Manager, of the whole of his or her uncharged Stock of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper,

Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard and Scaleboard respectively, distinguishing the Class and Denomination and Quantity of each, and the respective Rooms and Places, and State and Condition in which the same are deposited; and if any such Maker shall knowingly or wilfully or negligently make out or deliver an untrue Account thereof as aforesaid, or any such Maker shall not make out, and upon Request as aforesaid deliver such Account as aforesaid, every such Maker shall for every such Penalty 2001. Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Maker of Paper ^?Per of the shall at any time couch or press together, without the Use of Paste,

any Paper of the First Class or Denomination, or the Materials Uier> or y?fth' thereof, with any Sheet of Paper of the same or any other Class another Class, or Materials, all such Paper so couched or pressed together without Paste, shall be deemed subject and liable to the Duties imposed upon to. and payable for and in respect of Paper of the First Class and onUJ^t Denomination.

XXI. And Whereas an Excise Duty of One Pound One 45 G. 3. c. 69, Shilling is by an Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign Paper ' of His said late Majesty, to repeal the Duties of Excise pay- 1 aper *

able in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof,

imposed for every One Hundred Weight of Scaleboard made in

C. 58.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Scaleboard Makers liable to Regulations imposed on Paper Makers.

Scaleboard charged. Sec. as Millboard.

34 G 3. c. 20. § 49. repealed.

Paper, &c. destroyed by Fire or Wreck, Maker, on proving Loss before Quarter Sessions or Commissioners of Excise, and that the Duty vra$ paid, may recover the Duty on producing a Certificate to the Collector of Excise.

4 Great Britain: And Whereas Scaleboard is an Article or Commodity made from the Shaving or Cutting of Wood, and is used and employed in the Manufacture of various Articles and Commodities as and for or as a Substitute for Millboard and Paste-board, and has been included in the Laws of Excise, and the Duties imposed upon Makers of Paper and the Makers of Scale-board have been surveyed under the Laws and Regulations

made for securing and collecting the Duties of Excise imposed

for or in respect of Paper: And Whereas Doubts have arisen

whether the Makers of Scaleboard are subject and liable to the several Regulations by Law imposed on Makers of Paper, and to take out and pay for a Licence to carry on such Trade as Makers of Paper For Removal of such Doubt, be it enacted and declared, That every Maker of Scaleboard shall be deemed and shall be subject and liable to all and every the Laws and Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, which are imposed and in force for and in respect of Makers of Paper, and shall take out and pay for a Licence as a Maker of Paper; and all Scaleboard shall be tied up, labelled, charged with Duty, and removed as Millboard, and under and subject to such Laws, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures as aforesaid.

XXII. And Whereas by an Act made in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, for repealing the Duties on Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, Provision was made for certain Allowance for Damage sustained by Paper,

4 Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper damaged by the casting away or sinking of the Barge or Vessel in which the same should be transported from one Part of this Kingdom to another, which Provision has not proved sufficient to answer the Intention of the said Act; Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the 'said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, the said recited Provision shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that if any Quantity of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, shall be inevitably destroyed, or so far inevitably damaged by Fire, or by the unavoidable Wreck of or other unavoidable Injury to the Vessel or Barge in which such Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard shall be transporting, or be shipped on board to be transported from one Part of this Kingdom to another Part thereof, as that such Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, shall be no longer capable of Use as such respectively, but must be wholly destroyed or remanufactured and charged again with Duty, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Maker of such Paper, Millboard* Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, being at the time of such Loss the Proprietor and Owner thereof, to make Proof of such Loss and the Cause thereof, on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, and of the Duty in respect of such Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, having been duly paid by such Milker, before the

1° GEO. IV. C. 58. 2±5

Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding or Division where such Accident happened or was first discovered, at their General Quarter Sessions, or before the Commissioners of Excise for the time being, or any Three of them, who are hereby severally and respectively empowered to summon before them the Witnesses necessary to make such Proof, under the Penalty, for Nonattendance, of Twenty Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Order of such Justices or Commissioners respectively, and to administer to such Witnesses the Oath hereinbefore mentioned; and upon such Proof being made by such Witnesses, or by legal Documents, that such Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard was inevitably destroyed or inevitably damaged, so far as aforesaid, by Fire or by the unavoidable Wreck of or other unavoidable Injury to such Barge or Vessel as aforesaid, and that the Duties thereon were paid as aforesaid, to grant a Certificate thereof, and of the Amount of such Duties; and upon the Production of such Certificate by such Maker as aforesaid to the Collector of the Excise Collection where such Certificate shall have been granted, he shall be obliged to pay or allow to such Maker, being the Proprietor of the said Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard, out of the Duties of Excise in or coming into his Hands, so much Money as the Sum certified to have been paid for the Duty on the Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard so lost or destroyed, and of which such Proof shall have been so given as aforesaid, shall amount to: Provided always, that no such Maker as aforesaid shall be entitled to any such Relief or Allowance as aforesaid, unless Notice in Writing of such Accident, describing the Nature, Cause and Extent of such Loss as aforesaid, shall be delivered to the Supervisor of Excise of the District in which such Accident shall have happened, or where such Loss shall have been first discovered, within Three Days next afterwards, or unless such Maker as aforesaid, who shall have sustained such Loss or Damage, or his, her or their Agents, shall give or leave Notice in Writing with the Supervisor or Collector of Excise of the Division or Collection where such Quarter Sessions shall be held, of the Intention of such Maker, being such Proprietor and Owner as aforesaid, to apply for such Allowance or Relief as aforesaid, or to the Solicitor of Excise for the summary Jurisdiction where such Application is intended to be made to such Commissioners as aforesaid, Fourteen Days at the least before the Beginning of such Quarter Sessions* or before such Application to such Commissioners, and shall apply for such Relief within One Month after such Loss, or at the next General Quarter Sessions of such Justices happening after the Expiration of such Month; any thing in this or in any other Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to repeal or alter any Act or Acts in force immediately before the passing of this Act, relating to the Duties on Paper or Paste-Board respectively, or any of the Clauses or Provisions therein contained, save and except so far as such Act or Acts, or the

Witnesses not attending, Penalty 20L

Notice of Application to be given to Supervisor.

w

Proviso for Laws in force relating to the Duties on Paper, unless where hereby altered.

226

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

C. 59, 59.

Clauses, Provisions, Powers or Authorities therein contained, are repealed, altered or controuled by this present Act, or are repugnant to any of the Provisions thereof; but that all and singular the said former Acts, and the several Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Powers and Authorities therein contained or granted, and the Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures incurred or thereby imposed or provided for any Breach or Nonobservance of the same, except as aforesaid, shall remain and continue in as full Force and Effect as if this Act had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

Recovery and

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Application of Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall be sued for, recovered, levied Penalties. or negated by such Ways, Means or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her or them who shall discover, inform or sue for the same.

CAP. LIX.

An Act to amend, revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, an Act of the Fifty second Year of His late Majesty, for regulating the Separation of damaged from sound Coffee, and for permitting Dealers to send out any Quantity of Coffee, not exceeding Eight Pounds Weight, without Permit.

[15th July 1820.]

52 0.3. c. 149.

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to regulate the Separation of damaged from sound Coffee, and to permit Dealers to send out any Quantity of Coffee not exceeding Eight Pounds Weight without Permit, until the End of Two Years from the passing of this Act: And Whereas the said Act was continued from the Expiration thereof until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be revived and further continued, with the Restriction nevertheless hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au-Provitions of thority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, recited Act all and every the Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Clauses, Matters Things, mentioned and contained in the said Act in relation S>SmtetoS^ to damaged Coffee, be and the same are hereby severally restricted dafcuiged Coffee and taken to relate to Sea-damaged Coffee, and no other; and that only, and with with the Restriction and Regulation hereinbefore contained, the that Restriction said Act shall be and the same is hereby revived and continued untd the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred *8*5 - ' and twenty five.

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 60. 227

CAP. LX.

An Act to amend and continue Two Acts passed in the Fifty seventh Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, for authorising the Issue of Exchequer Bills and the Advance of Money for carrying on of Public Works and Fisheries, and Employment of the Poor; and to extend the Powers of the Commissioners for executing the said Acts in Great Britain.

[15th July 1820.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of 57 G. 3. c. 34. the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, i }t intituled An Act to authorise the Issue of Exchequer Bills, and the Advance of Money out of the Consolidated Fund9 to a limited Amount, for the carrying on of Public Works and Fisheries in the United Kingdom, and Employment of the Poor in Great Britain, in Manner therein mentioned; (and which Act was

amended by another Act passed in the same Session of Par- 57 0.5. c. 1*4. ' liament); it was enacted, that it should be lawful for The King's

4 Most Excellent Majesty to authorise and empower the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at His Majesty's Exchequer

in Great Britain, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One 4 million five hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued to certain Commissioners in the said first recited Act named for the Execution of the said Act in Great Britain, and to be by the said Commissioners lent and advanced for the Purposes in the said ' several Acts respectively mentioned, upon the Terms and Conditions in the said Acts specified and set forth: And Whereas ' the Sum of One million forty six thousand five hundred and fifty

Pounds hath been lent and advanced by the said Commissioners ' to divers Persons or Parties, Trustees, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, for the Purposes and under the Regulations in the said Acts contained; and it is expedient that the said Commissioners should be empowered to lend such further Sums as, with the Sum already advanced, will not in the Whole exceed the said Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds; and that the Powers of the said Commissioners should be extended in Manner hereinafter mentioned and provided for: *

Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Persons who

Commissioners

in and by the said first recited Act are constituted Commissioners appointed iun-

for the Execution of the said Act in Great Britain, or so many of them as shall be living at the Time of the passing of this Act, commissioners

shall be and they are hereby constituted Commissioners for the under this Act.

Execution of the said Two recited Acts of the Fifty seventh Year of His said late Majesty's Reign and of this Act, in Great Britain,

and shall have all such powers in the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act as are given to the said Commissioners by the said Two recited Acts, or either of them, except only so far as the same are altered or amended or enlarged by this present Act.

228

C.GO.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Three Commission era empowered to act.

57 G. 3. c. 34. § 50. repealed.

57 G. 3. c. 34.

§ 3<>.

57 G.3. c. 124.

§4.

repealed.

exchequer Bills to be payable One Year from the Date, with Interest.

Commissioners to advance by Loan, for the Purposes mentioned in recited Acts, payable in Exchequer Bills, which shall be repaid with Interest at 5 per Cent.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Acts, Matters and Things which the said Commissioners for the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act are by the said recited Acts or this Act authorised to do or execute, shall and may be done and executed by any Three or more of such Commissioners, except only in such Cases where it is otherwise specially provided by the said recited Acts or this Act; and that so much of the said first recited Act as requires that such Acts, Matters and Things shall be done and executed by Seven or more such Commissioners, shall from and after the passing of this Act be repealed, and the same is hereby repealed.

III. And Whereas it was in and by the said first recited Act, among other Things, enacted, that the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of the said Act should be made payable at such Period as should be fixed by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, but nevertheless so as to be payable within certain Times after the Date thereof in the said Act specified:

And Whereas by the said Act for amending the said first recited Act it was enacted, that all Exchequer Bills whatever which should be made out in pursuance of the said first recited Act should be made payable on the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and at no other Time Be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said last recited Act as directs that all such Exchequer Bills be made payable on the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that all Exchequer Bills which at any time after the passing of this Act shall be made out and issued in pursuance of either of the said first recited Acts, and which at any time after the passing of this Act shall be advanced for any of the Purposes mentioned in the said recited Acts or either of them, or in this Act, shall be made payable within One Year from the Date thereof respectively; and that the Principal Sum mentioned in every such Bill, together with Interest thereon, according to the Directions of the said first recited Act, to be computed from the Day of the Date of such Bills respectively until the Time of Payment thereof, shall be chargeable on some Part of the Aids or Supplies for the Year next succeeding the Day of the Date of the said Bills respectively.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, at any time after the passing of this Act, to lend and advance, and to apportion or distribute to and amongst any Body or Bodies Politic or Coroorate, or any Com-

Eor Companies of Proprietors, or any Tmstees or Trustee of Is dr Railways, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, for the Purposes in the said recited Acts or either of them mentioned, (whether any such Corporations, Companies, Trustees or Persons respectively shall or shall not have received any Loan or Advance under the said recited Acts or either of them at any time before the passing of this Act,) all or any Part of the Sum or Sums of Money in Exchequer Bills, to be issued at any Time after the passing of this Act, under the Authority of the said recited Acts or this Act, upon, under and subject to the like Terms and Conditions as are specified and prescribed by the said recited

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 60. 229

Acts or either of them, with respect to the Advance of Exchequer Bills authorised by the said recited Acts, except so far as such Terms and Conditions may be altered or extended by this Act; and that any Loans or Advances which shall be made by the said Commissioners in Exchequer Bills, to be issued under the Authority of the said recited Acts or this Act at any Time after the passing of this Act, shall be repaid (except in Cases where the Repayment of such Loans and Advances shall be otherwise provided for under the Authority of the said recited Acts and this Act) , without Deduction or Abatement, together with Interest for the same at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be computed from the Date of such Advances respectively until the Time of Repayment thereof, within Three Years from the Date of the Advances of such Loans respectively.

V. And be it further enacted, That any Loan or Loans which shall be granted by the said Commissioners at any time after the passing of this Act, shall be subject to the same rowers, Limitations. Regulations and Conditions for the Grant and the Recovery thereof, as the Loans already granted by the said Commissioners under the Powers and Authorities of the said recited Acts, except so far as such Limitations, Regulations and Conditions shall or may be altered or extended by this present Act; and that the said Commissioners shall have all such Powers and Authorities for the Purpose of recovering or compelling Payment of any Loans already made, the Time of Repayment of which may be extended by the Authority of this Act, as are given to the said Commissioners by the said recited Acts in respect of any such Loan, or of any Default in the Payment thereof; and that all and every the Clauses and Provisions in the said recited Acts contained, for the Regulation of the said Commissioners in the Grant of any Loan ot Loans, and the Recovery and Receipt of the Loans when due and payable, or otherwise howsoever, shall be of the like Force and Effect, except as aforesaid, as if such Clauses and Provisions were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

VI. And Whereas under the Provisions of the said recited Acts, divers Loans and Advances of Sums of Money in Exchequer Bills, issued as aforesaid, have been made by the said Commissioners under the said recited Acts, to several Trustees and other Persons, upon personal Security, to be repaid before or on the Twenty fifth Day of September One thousand eight

hundred and twenty, being Fifteen Days before the Time when

the Exchequer Bills in which such Loans or Advances were

made become payable, according to the Provisions and Directions in the said recited Acts contained; and it is expedient that the said Commissioners for executing the said recited Acts

and this Act, should be empowered to extend the Time for Payment of such Loans and Advances, in certain Cases, in Manner hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Trustee or Trustees or other Person or Persons to whom any such Loans or Advances shall have been made under the said recited Acts, or either of them, his, her or their Heirs, Executors and Administrators, and his, her or their Surety or Sureties, and who respectively shall be desirous that the Time so limited by the said recited Acts, or

Q % either

Loans made under this Act to be subject to the Conditions mentioned in recited Acts, and the Powers thereby given for recovering Payment shall extend to this Act.

Commissioners may enlarge the Time of Repayment of Loans under the recited Acts, on Application of the Parties, and

230

C. 6a

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

may take old either of them, for the Repayment of any Loan in such Exche-

Securities or quer Bills, or any part of such Loan, should be enlarged or

the^Sink^ne-8 extended, to make Application to the said Commissioners for the c^iry< D Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act, for any Enlargement or Extension of the Times limited for such Repayment, not exceeding the Times or the Proportions of any such Loan, or of the Sum remaining due thereon, hereinafter.specified; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorised to enlarge and extend the Time for the Repayment of any such Loan, or any Part thereof, in the Proportions and for the Times hereinafter specified, either upon the Obligation or Obligations, Security or Securities, Surety or Sureties, heretofore accepted and made liable for Repayment of any such Loan, or any Interest thereon, without any other or new Obligation, Deed or other Security or Agreement whatsoever, other than the Consent of the Sureties in Manner hereinafter mentioned, or upon such other and new Security or Securities, or other and new Surety or Sureties, either for the whole of any such Loan, or for any Part thereof remaining due, or for any separate and distinct Part or Parts of any such Loan, or of the Part thereof remaining due upon new and separate and distinct Security or Securities, either with the former Sureties or separate and new Sureties for each separate and distinct Part of any such Loan, in lieu of any former Security or Securities, or Surety or Sureties, as to them the said Commissioners shall seem proper and necessary; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised to require any new Security or Securities, or Surety or Sureties, whenever they shall think the same necessary, and to cancel and annul any former Obligation or Obligations, or Security or Securities, and to separate and divide any such Loan or Loans, or any Part thereof remaining due, and to grant such Enlargement and Extension of Time for each Part separately of any Loan, or Part thereof so divided under this Act, and to require and take separate and distinct Securities for any such divided Part of such Loan; and it Commissioners shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby may require authorised and empowered, if they shall think necessary so to do, *° re<Iu*re Appearance of aay Party or Parties in any such ° es'80 Loan, and to proceed to examine into and determine the Sufficiency of any such old or new Security or Securities, or Surety or Sureties, in like Manner in every respect as the Commissioners for the Execution of the said recited Acts are empowered by the said recited Acts, ox either of them, to do with respect to any Security or Securities, or Surety or Sureties, to be proposed and given previous to the Advance or Issue of any Exchequer Bills under the said recited Acts, or either of them.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons and Person remaining liable as Sureties or Surety for the Repayment of any such Loan or Advance, or any Part thereof, remaining due at the Time hereinbefore mentioned, mid who shall be

Time, according willing to remain Sureties or Surety for the Repayment of such to the Form in Loan or Advance, or of any Part or Proportion thereof, if separated and divided under tins Act as aforesaid, at such enlarged or extended Time as shall be granted under this Act, shall signify their or his Consent to remain such Sureties or Surety, by subscribing

examine Securities, &c.

Sureties for Repayment of Loans to consent to the Extension of

Schedule (A).

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 60.

their or his Names or Name to a Writing to be left with the Secretary of the said Commissioners for the time being, according to the Form in the Schedule in this Act marked (A) , or to such or the like Effect, or in such other Form as the said Commissioners may from time to time direct or approve; and every such Consent so subscribed and delivered shall be binding upon the respective Sureties or Surety so signifying the same, their, his or her Heirs, Executors or Administrators, m like Manner as such respective Sureties or Surety were or was, by the original Bonds or Bond entered into by them or him, bound for the Repayment of such Loan or Advance at the Times thereby limited for the Repayment thereof.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That within Seven Days after Commissioners this Act shall have received the Royal Assent, the said Commis- to re-

sioners, or any Three or more of them, shall meet to receive, or ce£i* to appoint a proper Person or Persons to receive all such Applications in Writing as shall be made to them, for such Enlargement plications for or Extension of the Times for the Repayment of the Amount of Extension of any such Loan in Exchequer Bills, and shall also fix proper and Time* convenient Days for the Purpose of taking into Consideration all such Applications, and shall meet together for that Purpose from time to time, and shall proceed to take into consideration all such Applications as shall specify the Times to which such Payments are required to be extended (not exceeding the Limits or Proportions hereinafter mentioned).

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Persons or If Parties be Person making such Application to the said Commissioners, shall no} prepared be required by the said Commissioners to give any new Security ^tieT or Securities, or to produce any new or other Surety or Sureties, sureties by and shall not previous to or upon the said Twenty fifth Day of Sept. 25, 1820, September One thousand eight hundred and twenty, be prepared the Commia-to render such sufficient Security or Securities or Surety or Sure- rioners "jjy ties as shall by the said Commissioners be deemed requisite; or j^a^cordU in case such Person or Persons shall prove to the Satisfaction of uig in the Form such Commissioners, that by reason of the Distance at which any iaSchedule(B) , Sureties or Surety are then residing, the Consent of such Sureties or in such other or Surety under this Act cannot be procured before the said M Jf10? Twenty fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twenty, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, by Writing under the Hands of any Three or more of them, to grant to such Persons or Person such further Time for the procuring and tendering such Security or Securities, or procuring the Consent of any such Surety or Sureties, as the said Commissioners in their Discretion shall mink fit to allow, not exceeding the Period of One Calendar Month from the Time of granting such further Time as aforesaid; and every Grant of such further Time as aforesaid, shall be in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (B) , or to such or the like Effect, or in such other Form as the said Commissioners may from time to time direct or approve; and in the meantime and until the Expiration of the Time so allowed by the said Commissioners for the Purpose aforesaid, such Persons respectively shall not be deemed or taken to have made default in Payment of such Loan or any Part thereof under the said recited Acts or either of them, nor shall any Process, Suit or other Proceeding

232

C. 60.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Tn what case

Consent of original Security to be had.

Extended Loans to be repaid by Instalments within the Periods herein mentioned.

be issued, commenced or had, nor any Warrant for the same be granted against the said Parties respectively, or their Sureties or Surety, their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, or upon or in respect of any Security or Securities made, assigned or deposited, for the Purposes in the said Acts mentioned, or otherwise for the Purpose of recovering or compelling Payment of the said Loan or any Part thereof: Provided always, that in all Cases of Application for Time to give new Surety or Sureties, or new Security or Securities, the original Sureties shall consent to such Extension of Time, and shall in the meantime remain liable under the existing Security.

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after the signing of such Consent by such Sureties, and the Deposit of such new or further Security or Securities, Surety or Sureties (where any such shall be required by the said Commissioners) , it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, to grant and allow, in manner hereinafter mentioned, to such Parties respectively, such Enlargement or Extension of the Times of Repayment of such Loan, as they the said Commissioners shall in their Discretion think proper, Regard being had by the said Commissioners as well to the Merits of the Case of the Party so applying as to the Sufficiency of the Security or Securities, Surety or Sureties so tendered by them, so that the said Loan be made payable by Half yearly Instalments, in Proportions not less and at Periods not longer than hereinafter particularly mentioned; (that is to say) , that an Instalment of not less than One eighth Part of every such Loan, or of the Sum remaining due thereon at the Time of such Extension, with Interest on the whole Amount of such Loan or Sum so remaining due, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the said Twenty fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twenty, up to and until the Day of Payment of such Instalment, shall be made payable on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty two; one other Instalment of not less than One eighth Part of every such Loan or Sum, with the like Interest on the Sum remaining due, from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, up to and until the Day of Payment of such Instalment, shall be made payable on or before the Twenty fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twenty two; one other Instalment of not less than One eighth Part of every such Loan or Sum, with like Interest cn the Sum remaining due, from the said Twenty fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, up to and until the Day of Payment of such Instalment, shall be made payable on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred* and twenty three; one other Instalment of not less than One eighth Part of every such Loan or Sum, with like Interest on the Sum remaining due, from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, up to and until the Day of Payment of such Instalment, shall be made payable on or before the Twenty fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twenty three; one other Instalment of not less man One eighth Part of every such Loan or Sum, with the like Interest on the Sum

1° GEO. IV. C. 60. 233

remaining due, from the said Twenty fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, up to and until the Day of Payment of such Instalment, shall be made payable on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty four; one other Instalment of not less than One eighth Part of every such Loan or Sum, with the like Interest on the Sum remaining due, from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, up to and until the Day of Payment of such Instalment, shall be payable on or before the Twenty fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twenty four; one other Instalment of not less than One eighth Part of every such Loan or Sum, with the like Interest on the Sum remaining due, from the said Twenty fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, up to and until the Day of Payment of such Instalment, shall be payable on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty fiye; and the last or remaining Instalment of every such Loan or Sum, with the like Interest on the Sum remaining due, from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, up to and until the Day of Payment of Such last Instalment, shall be made payable on or before the Twenty fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twenty five.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the several Parties to whom" respectively the said Commissioners shall allow such Enlargement or Extension of the Time of Payment of any such Loan, shall not be deemed or taken to have made default in Payment of any such Loan at the Time required by the said recited Acts or either of them, nor shall any Process, Suit or other Proceeding be issued, commenced or had, nor shall any Warrant for the same be granted against the said Parties respectively, or their Sureties or Surety, their or any of their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, or upon or in respect of any Securities or Security made, assigned or deposited for the Purposes in the said Acts or either of Stem mentioned, or otherwise, in order to recover or compel the Repayment of any such Loan or any Part thereof, until Default shall be made in the Payment of any of the several Instalments aforesaid, at the respective Days and Times when the same shall be made payable pursuant to this Act, in manner aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which the said Commissioners shall think fit to grant or allow any such Enlargement or Extension of Time for the Repayment of any such Loan, they the said Commissioners shall certify such their Allowance by a Writing under the Hands of any Three or more of them, according to the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (C) , or to such or the like Effect, or in such other Form as the said Commissioners may from time to time direct or approve; and such Certificate shall be delivered to the respective Parties to whom such Extension of Time shall be granted as aforesaid, and a Copy or Minute of every such Certificate shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by the said Commissioners for that Purpose.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every Persons and Person to whom such Enlargement or Extension of

Time

Extension of Time not deemed a Default in Payment, as required by recited Acts.

Commissioners to certify Allowance of Time according to Form in Schedule (C) , or in such other Form as they shall see fit.

Interert to be paid on such Loans previous

C. 60.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

to granting Certificate of Extension.

Further Time may be granted for Repayment of Loan, where a Fund is secured to pay Interest at 5 per Cent with an annual Instalment of not less than 5 per Cent in Discharge of Principal.

Loans may be repaid either Whole or in Part, or by larger Instalments and in shorter Periods than before mentioned, &c.

Time for the Payment of any such Loan or any Parts thereof shall be granted or allowed as aforesaid, shall, previous to the receiving of any such Certificate as aforesaid, pay or cause to be paid to the said Commissioners, or such Person or Persons as they or any Three or more of them shall appoint to receive the same, all Interest due and payable on every such Loan up to the said Twenty fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twenty, or up to the Time of the granting any such Certificate for the Extension of Time as aforesaid.

XIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, in such Manner and Form as they shall think fit, to grant any further Time for Repayment of any Loan which at any time before the passing of this Act may have been advanced under the Provisions of the said recited Acts or either of them, or which at any time after the passing of this Act may he advanced under the Provisions of the said recited Acts, or either of them, or of this Act, or for the Repayment of any Part or Proportion of any such Loan, in any Case in which any Principal or Surety in any such Loan shall, by Mortgage of Real Estate in England, or by Heritable Security in Scotland, or by any other Ways or Means, establish and secure, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, a Fund not less in annual Amount than shall be sufficient to pay Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum on such Part of any Loan as shall from time to time remain due and unpaid, and shall be proposed to be secured in Manner aforesaid, together with an annual Instalment of not less than Five Pounds per Centum on the Amount and in Discharge of the Principal remaining due and unpaid of any such Loan, or such Part thereof as shall be proposed to be secured as aforesaid; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to grant such further Time in any Cases where any such Loan may have been, or may be, in the first Instance, made payable by annual Instalments exceeding Five per Centum.

XV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent the said Commissioners from requiring any Loan or Loans, or any Sum or Sums of Money remaining due thereon, to be paid by any such Instalments, and in any such Proportions, and at any such Time or Times, as to such Commissioners shall seem fitting and convenient, such Instalments or Payments not being in less Proportions, nor payable at any longer Periods, than are by this Act directed and required; and that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent Payment of the Whole or any Part of the Principal and Interest due on any such Loan at any Time whatever, by any Party or Person to whom such Loan shall have been lent and advanced, or his or their Surety or Sureties; but that it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to require any such Loan or Loans to be paid by any such Instalments as aforesaid, and for any Party or Parties, or his or their Surety or Sureties, to make Payment of the Whole or any Part of the Principal and Interest of any such Loan previous to the Time when the same, or any Instalment thereof, shall become due and payable under the Provisions of the said recited

1° GEO. IV. 235 C .60.

Act and this Act; any thing in the said recited Acts or this Act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it farther enacted, That the Receipt of the Receipts of Cashiers of the Bank of England, or any one of them, at the Foot Cashier of the of any Certificate of the Commissioners for the Execution of the tifiaae°of Com said recited Acts or this Act, granted or to be granted in the miners an" Manner directed by the said recited Acts, or either of them, for Acquittance for the Repayment of any Loan or Loans advanced or to be advanced Repayment of by the said Commissioners, and the Interest thereof, shall be as Loan *

valid and effectual Acquittance and Discharge for the Sum or Sums expressed therein to have been received, as well against the said Commissioners and every of them, their and every of their Executors and Administrators, as also to the Person or Persons to whom such Receipts shall have been or shall be given, and to all and every Person and Persons who shall have entered into any Security in respect of the Exchequer Bills mentioned in the Certificate at the Foot of which such Receipt shall be subscribed, their and every of their Executors and Administrators respectively, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful Change of Se-for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised and curitymay be empowered, to accept and receive from any Body or Bodies Poli- commia^ociera, tic or Corporate, or Company or Companies of Proprietors, or on Application Trustees or Trustee of Roads or Railways, or any other Person or for that Pur-Persons whomsoever, to whom any Loan or Loans have been or pose;

shall be advanced under the Authority of the said recited Acts or' . either of them, or this Act, and also of and from his, her or their Surety or Sureties, such other Security or Securities, Real or Personal, for the Whole or any Part of any Loan or Loans advanced or which shall be advanced under the said recited Acts or either of them, or this Act, and in lieu and instead of any existing Security or Securities, Real or Personal, which may have been taken for such Loan or Loans, or any Part or Parts thereof, as they the said Commissioners shall in their Discretion think fit, having Regard to the particular Circumstances of the Case in which Application for such Change of Security shall be made, and subject to such Terms, Conditions and Regulations as the said Commissioners shall from time to time direct and appoint, and so as in no Case to extend the Period for the Repayment of but not to ex-such Loan or Loans beyond the several Periods to which the same t*nd Repay-mav be extended under the Provisions of the said recited Acts and this Act; any thing in the said Acts contained to the contrary \owe^j thereof in anywise notwithstanding. said Act*.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which,

by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them, or this Act, Property voted or of any Act of Parliament, Conveyance, Assignment, Transfer, Secretary of Obligation or Security, any Interest in Real or Personal Estate,

Effects or Property, have been or shall be vested in, conveyed, Death pr Reassigned, transferred, made payable or secured to the Secretary of mov&l, vest in the Commissioners for the time being, for the Execution of the his Successor said recited Acts or this Act, as such Secretary, and in respect of without any Act his Office, all such Real and Personal Estate, Effects and Pro- &°nehyhuH# perty whatsoever, upon the Death, Removal or Resignation of any such Secretary, from time to time and as often as the same shall

C. 60. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Proviso for existing Trusts.

In default of Payment of Loan, the Property assigned in Security may be sold and applied to that Purpose.

Purchaser, &c. not liable for Application of Purchase Hooey, ftc.

Surety becoming Bankrupt, another approved Surety to be produced within Fourteen Days, or Payment made or One half the

happen, and the Appointment of a Successor shall take place, shall (subject to the same Trusts, if any, as the same were before respectively subject to) vest in such succeeding Secretary by force of this Act, and without any Act or Deed whatever to be done by the Secretary dying, resigning or removed, or by the Heirs, Executors or Administrators of such Secretary, or by any Person or Persons claiming under him, them or any of them, and notwithstanding any such Interest may have been expressed to be vested in, conveyed, assigned, transferred, made payable to or secured to such Secretary, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, or any of them, and shall and may be proceeded upon in the Name of any succeeding Secretary, by any Action or Suit in Law or Equity, or in any other Manner, as the same might have been proceeded upon by or in the Name or Names of such Secretary dying, resigning or removed, his Executors or Administrators.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Default shall be made in the Repayment (but not otherwise) of all or any Part of any Loan or Aavance which has been or shall be secured to the said Commissioners, in Part or in the Whole, by any Mortgage or Assignment of any Interest, Property or Effects whatsoever (Real or Personal) , it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or such Person or Persons as shall be nominated and appointed by any Three or more of them in Writing, to take Possession of all or any Parts or Part of such mortgaged or assigned Interest, Property or Effects, by Sale or Mortgage of the same or a competent Part thereof, to raise and levy such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be sufficient to repay all Monies due upon or in respect of such Loan or Advance, and the Interest thereof, and all Costs and Charges attending such Proceedings, and the Monies so recovered (the Costs and Charges aforesaid excepted) shall be paid and applied in the Reimbursement and Satisfaction of the Sum due upon or in respect of such Loan or Advance, in like Manner as the Sums of Money to be recovered under the Proceedings authorised by the said recited Acts in default of Payment are thereby directed to be paid and applied; and the Receipt of such Persons or Person as the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them shall nominate and appoint as aforesaid, shall alone be a full and sufficient Discharge to such Mortgagees or Purchasers, or Mortgagee or Purchaser, for the Monies or Money advanced on Mortgage, or for the Purchase Monies or Purchase Money of the respective Interest, Property or Effects so mortgaged or sold; and such Mortgagees or Purchasers or Mortgagee or Purchaser shall not be bound to see to the Application thereof, nor shall be liable or in any manner accountable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication of such Monies or Money by the Persons or Person appointed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, or any of them.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall have become or shall become Surety upon any Loan lent or advanced by the said Commissioners under the said recited Acts or either of them, or this Act, shall at any time after the passing of this Act be declared bankrupt within the true Intent and Meaning of the several Statutes made and now in force in England concerning Bankrupts, and against whom a Commission of Bankrupt

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 60. 237

shall be awarded and issued out, and the principal Debtor or Debtors thereon shall not within Fourteen Dap after Notice thereof and Requisition made for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, produce some other Surety, to be approved of by the said Commissioners, to become bound, and who shall accordingly become bound in the said Sum by the like Security or Securities, in lieu of the Surety so becoming Bankrupt as aforesaid, or otherwise pay to the said Commissioners One half of the Sum for which such Surety was bound by such Security or Securities, then the Security and Securities given or entered into by such principal Debtor or Debtors shall be deemed forfeited, as far as the Amount of One half of the Sum or Sums in which any such Surety was bound; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause Process to be issued in the Manner prescribed by the said recited Acts against the principal Debtor or Debtors, his and their Heirs, Executors and Administrators, for the Recovery of One Half of all and every the Sum and Sums in which such Surety was bound, together with Interest and Costs, to be directed by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every Provision in the said recited Acts or either of them and this Act made with Application to any Commission or Commissions of Bankruptcy, shall be deemed and construed to extend to any Sequestration awarded or to be awarded against the Estate and Effects of any Bankrupt in Scotland, as fully and effectually as if such Provision had been expressly applied thereto by the said recited Acts and this Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, ' That every Obligation with any Sureties or Surety, taken or to be taken, according to the said recited Acts and this Act, after Payment or Recovery thereupon by the said Commissioners of the Sums advanced or lent, with all Interests and Costs, in the Manner required by the said recited Acts and this Act, shall stand and remain as a further Security for the Purposes and in the Manner hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say) , if any Surety or Sureties upon such Obligation, his, her or their Executors or Administrators, shall have paid or satisfied any Part of such Sums, Interest or Costs, then such Obligation as against the principal Obligor or Obligors, his, her or their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, shall stand as a Security as aforesaid for the Reimbursement of such Sureties respectively, their Executors or Administrators, of the whole of the Sums so paid or satisfied, and so from time to time until such Reimbursement shall be fully made, according to the Intent of the said recited Acts and this Act; and if any such Sureties or Surety, their or his Executors or Administrators, shall have paid or satisfied any Sum which shall bear a greater Proportion to the whole of the Sums recovered upon such Obligation, than the Sum for which such Surety respectively shall have been bound shall bear to the total Amount of the several Sums of Money for which all the several Sureties shall have been bound by such Obligation, then such Obligation, as against each and every of the Sureties who shall not have paid or satisfied an equal Proportion of the whole Sum recovered, according to the Sum for which he shall have been respectively bound, their and every of their Herrs, Executors, and Administrators respectively, shall

stand

Sum for which Bankrupt was bound, or Process to issue for Payment.

Provisions relative to Commissions of Bankruptcy to extend to Sequestrations iu Scotland.

Obligations with Surety to remain Security for Sureties in the Cases herein mentioned.

C. 60. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

stand as a Security for the Benefit of such Sureties or Surety, their Executors or Administrators respectively, who shall have paid or satisfied any such Sums as aforesaid, for the Purpose of Contribution, enforcing a Contribution amongst such Sureties in an equal Proportion to the several Sums for which they shall have been respectively bound, and so from time to time until such Contribution shall be fully made, according to the Intent of the said Claims of Sure- recited Acts and this Act; and that in every such Case, upon ties, &c. to be the Application of any Sureties or Surety to the said Commis-adjusted by gioners for any of the Purposes aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall cause the respective Claims of such Sureties or Surety reissued. spectively, and the Sums to be recovered from such Principals

or Sureties respectively, their and every of their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, to be adjusted and settled as herein is mentioned, so that the whole Sum recovered shall be distributed in equal Proportion, according to the Terms for which each Surety respectively shall have been bound in the same Obligation, and so from time to time as the Case shall require; and thereupon the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, by Warrant or Warrants in Writing under their Hands, shall from time to time direct Process to issue for the Recovery of such Sums as they shall have so adjusted and settled to be respectively recovered from and paid to such Persons respectively as they shall specify in such Warrant or Warrants, under and subject to the several Regulations and Directions in the said recited Acts contained for the Recovery of the Loans and Advances made by the said Commissioners as aforesaid.

Proco* to issui

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That such Process as afore-against Prind- said shall and may lawfully issue on any such Obligation as afore-BenefitofSuw- against any such Principals or Principal, their or his Exe-ties, and against cutors or Administrators, for the Benefit of any such Sureties or Sureties for the Surety, their or his Executors or Administrators, and against any Benefit of Co- such Sureties or Surety, their or his Heirs, Executors or Ad-Bureties, though ministrators as aforesaid, for the Benefit of any Cosureties or Co-been re"U urety, their or his Executors or Administrators, notwithstanding the whole Sum which shall have been advanced to such Principals or Principal shall have been repaid to the said Commissioners; and in case any Sureties or Surety shall become bound by distinct Obligations or Obligation for the same Persons or Person, and for and on account of the same Advance, all and every the Provisions aforesaid shall be applied in like Manner, as well for the Benefit of as against such Sureties or Surety, and against such Principals or Principal, as if all such Sureties and Principals respectively were named in the same Obligation.

Sureties satis-

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Per-fying Loan to sons consenting to remain Sureties or Surety for any Parties to mediM w^om , uc^ Enlargement or Extension of the Times of Repayment

their <Prmdptl§ any Loans advanced to them shall be allowed as hereinbefore nd Cosureties mentioned, or becoming further Sureties or Surety for any Peril are herein sons or Person to whom any such Loan shall have been originally pnovided. made, their or his Executors or Administrators, shall pay or satisfy such Loan or any Part thereof, or any Costs or Charges incurred in recovering or compelling Payment of any such Loan or any Part thereof, such Sureties or Surety shall have all such

1° GEO. IV. C. 60. 239

Remedies, as against their or his Principals or Principal, or their or his Cosureties or Cosurety (if any) , as are hereinbefore provided for the Benefit of the Sureties of the Persons to whom Loans of Exchequer Bills have been or shall or may be advanced under the said recited Acts or this Act; and moreover all and every Mortgages or Mortgage which have been or shall be accepted or taken by the said Commissioners, under the Authority of the said recited Acts or this Act, as Securities or Security for any Loan or Advance heretofore made or hereafter to be made under the Authority of the said recited Acts or this Act, shall stand and remain as Securities or a Security for the Reimbursement to such Sureties respectively, their Executors and Administrators, of the whole of any Sum or Sums of Money which shall be paid and satisfied by them as such Sureties, and shall and may be enforced and rendered available by and under the Authority of the said Commissioners, in like Manner and with the same Force and Effect as is hereinbefore provided for the Purpose of recovering Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money which has been or shall or mar be advanced by the said Commissioners upon the Security of such Mortgage or Mortgages, under and by virtue of the aid recited Acts and this Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Bond to His Majesty, nor any heritable Security or Securities, nor any Assignment of any heritable Security or Securities, nor any Mortgage, Surrender, Assignment, or other Instrument or Assurance taken or to be taken under the said recited Acts or this Act, nor any Certificate, Examination, Affidavit, Deposition or Receipt, nor any Consent by any Surety or Sureties to any Extension of Time which may be granted by the said Commissioners for the Payment of any Loan under the Authority of the said recited Acts or this Act, nor any Receipt or written Document whatsoever, used for the Purpose of carrying the Provisions of the* said recited Acts and this Act into Execution, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatsoever; any thing in any Act'or Acts for the imposing or regulating Stamp* Duties in Great Britain to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That so soon as the whole Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds authorised to be issued and applied under the said recited Acts and this Act hall have been advanced and lent by the said Commissioners for the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act, or whenever the Sums so lent and advanced by the said Commissioners shall amount to any Sum within five thousand Pounds of the full Amount of the said Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, or whenever the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall think fit that the Powers of the said Commissioners for the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act should cease and determine, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, to direct the said Commissioners for the Execution of the Bald recited Acts and this Act, or any Three or more of them, of whom the Chairman or Deputy Chairman for the time being shall be one, and the said Commissioners for the Execution of the said recited Acts and this

Act

No Bond, Receipt, or other Instrument under recited Acts or this Act, liable to Stamp Duty.

Notice when Powers of Commissioners cease to be given in the London Gazette, &c.

240

C. 60.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Account of their Proceedings shall be delivered up by Commissioners to the Treasury, together with Books, Securities, and Documents,

Powers vested in the Secretary shall thereupon, and without any Act to be done by such Secretary, vest in such Person as Treasury shall appoint, and all Loans remaining unpaid shall be recovered by him, as herein mentioned.

Act are hereby authorised and empowered and required, to publish and declare by Advertisements to be inserted in the London Gazette, and such of the daily Papers as the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury may appoint, that, at the Expiration of Six Calendar Months from the Date of the said Advertisements respectively, the said Commissioners for the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act will cease to execute and perform the Powers and Authorities vested in them by the said recited Acts and this Act, and all the Powers and Authorities of the said Commissioners for the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act shall cease and determine accordingly; and thereupon the said Commissioners shall, with all convenient Speed, lay an Account in Writing of all their Proceedings under the said recited Acts and this Act before both Houses of Parliament, and also shall and will deliver or cause to be delivered up to the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, in Writing under their Hands shall nominate and appoint, all and every the Bonds, Mortgages, Deeds, Books of Account, Papers and Writings of what Nature or Kind soever, in the Possession or under the Controul of the said Commissioners for the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act, or any of their Officers, touching or relating to any Security or Securities whatsoever taken by them the said Commissioners for any Loan or Loans advanced by them under the Powers and Authorities of the said recited Acts and this. Act, together with the Minutes of the Proceedings of them the said Commissioners, and all Books, Papers and Writings in any manner relating thereto.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That, on the Termination of the said Commission in Manner aforesaid, any Interest which may then be rested in the Secretary of the said Commissioners for the time being, for the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act, shall from thenceforth by force of this Act, and without any Act or Deed whatsoever to be done by such Secretary, vest in the Person or Persons to be appointed as aforesaid by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, in such Manner and to such Extent as the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall in Writing direct and appoint, whether such Person or Persons so to be appointed shall be or include the then Secretary of the said Commissioners for the time being or otherwise; and the Person or Persons so to be appointed shall and may and is and are hereby authorised to proceed for the Recovery of such Interest as may become vested in him or them as last aforesaid by any Action or Suit in Law or Equity, or in any other Ma-ner as the same might have been proceeded upon by or in the Name of such last mentioned Secretary of the said Commissioners; and that the Person or Persons so to be appointed shall have and possess such and the like Powers and Authorities for the Recovery and Receipt of all and every the Loans advanced under the said recited Acts and this Act, or such Parts thereof as shall then remain due and unpaid, as under the said recited Acts and this Act are vested in the said Commissioners and their Secretary for

1° GEO. IV. C. 60. 241

the time being, in the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if such Powers or Authorities were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, but subject nevertheless to such Orders and Instructions in Writing as the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall from time to time think fit to give and direct.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Acquittance of Termination of the Powers of the said Commissioners for the *uch Person Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act, in Manner afore- *or RecelJ* °* said, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of His 19 v l<J* Majesty's Treasury, or for the Person or Persons to be appointed by them, as aforesaid, to grant such Certificate in respect to the Receipt of any Loans and Interest remaining due and unpaid, or to use and give such other Form of Acquittance and Discharge as the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall in Writing direct and appoint; and such Certificate or other Form of Acquittance so to be given under the Direction of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall be a valid and effectual Acquittance to all Intents and Purposes whatever.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A).

Form of Consent of Sureties on Extension of Time for Payment

of Loans.

Y^TE, whose Names are hereunto subscribed, do hereby severally and respectively consent and agree, that the Bonds already executed by us under Two Acts passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for authorising the Issue of Exchequer Bills, and the Advance of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for the carrying on of Public Works and Fisheries, and Employment of the Poor, as Sureties for A.B. for the Repayment of a Loan of the Sum of £ in Exchequer Bills, lent and advanced by the Commissioners for the Execution of the said Acts to the said A.B., shall remain and continue as a Security for Repayment of the Whole of the said Sum of £ (or or the Sum of £

Part of the said Sum of £ now remaining unpaid

on the said Loan so advanced, with Interest thereon at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, at the extended Periods allowed to the said A.B. by the said Commissioners under the Provisions of an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Fourth, for amending the said Two Acts of the Fifty seventh Year of His late Majesty King George the Third: And we do further consent and agree that the said Commissioners shall be at Liberty to grant to the said A.B. the said Extension of Time for Payment, either upon the Security already received for the same, or upon such other Security as the said Commissioners in their Discretion shall think fit to accept, either for the Whole of the Money remaining due on the said Loan, or upon such Loan separated and divided into such Parts as shall be allowed by the said Commissioners. Dated the Day of

C. 60.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

2*2

SCHEDULE (B).

Form of Grant of Time for providing new Sureties, $c.

WE, Three of the Commissioners

for the Execution in Great Britain of Two Acts of Parliament made in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for authorising the Issue of Exchequer Bills and the Advance of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for the carrying on of Public Works and Fisheries, and Employment of the Poor; and of an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, for amending the said Two Acts; do hereby grant to until the

and no longer, for procuring and tendering to us good and sufficient new Security or Securities with Sureties (or the Consent of Sureties of the said

to remain answerable as such Sureties) under the said Act of the First Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, for the Repayment of the Sum of £ with Interest due on a

Loan in Exchequer Bills, made to the said under

the said Acts of the Fifty seventh Year aforesaid; and if the said shall not produce the same on or before the said Day of the Securities already

given and entered into by the said and his Sureties,

will be forthwith put in force for recovering the Money due on the said Loan. Dated the Day of

SCHEDULE (C).

Form of Certificate of Enlargement of Time for Payment of

Loans.

WHEREAS the Sum of £ was advanced to

in Exchequer Bills on certain Conditions, pursuant to Two Acts passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for authorising the Issue of Exchequer Bills, and the Advance of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for the carrying on of Public Works and Fisheries, and Employment of the Poor: And Whereas the said

hath given Security pursuant to the Directions of the said Acts of Parliament for the Repayment of the said Loan, payable as in such Security or Securities is mentioned: And Whereas the Sum of still remains unpaid on the said Loan:

And Whereas, under and by virtue of an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, for amending the said Two Acts of the Fifty seventh Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, an Application has been made to the Commissioners for the Execution of the said several Acts in Great Britain, for an Extension of the Time for repaying such Loan; now we, whose Names are hereunto subscribed, being of the said Commissioners for the Execution of the said several Acts, in pursuance of the Directions contained in the said Act of the First Year of King George the Fourth, do hereby certify that we have granted and allowed to the said Time for Repayment of the said Sum of £ in

Manner following; that is to say, (recite the Times and Sums).

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 61. 243

CAP. LXI.

An Act to charge additional Duties on the Importation of certain Articles into the Isle of Man, and to regulate the Trade of the said Island.

[15th July 1820.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that an additional Duty should be paid unto His Majesty on all Spirits and Tobacco which shall be imported into the Isle of Man under Licence; *

Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That on the Importation of Additional any Spirits and Tobacco under any Licence granted by the Com- Duties herein missioners of His Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively, pursuant to the Provisions of an Act passed in the bacco imported Forty fifth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for under Licence regulating and encouraging the Trade, for the Improvement of the pursuant to Revenue, and Prevention of Smuggling in and from the Isle of 45 "

Man, there shall be raised, collected and paid unto His Majesty,

His Heirs and Successors, an additional Duty of One Shilling and Sixpence for every Gallon of Brandy and Geneva, and an additional Duty of One Shilling for every Gallon of Rum, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity, and an additional Duty of One Shilling upon every Pound Weight of Tobacco, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity, in like Manner and Form* and under the same Rules, Regulations and Forfeitures as are imposed by the said recited Act and by another Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, intituled An so G. 3. c. 42. Act for consolidating the Duties of Customs for the Isle of Man, and for placing the same under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs in England, and by a further Act passed in the Fifty first Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act 51 g.3. c. 52. for explaining and amending an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for consolidating the Duties of Customs for the Isle of Man, and for placing the same under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs in England.

II. And Whereas by the afore-recited Act, passed in the Commissioner *

Forty fifth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, it is lawful of Customs for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England ra7 g11 *

and Scotland respectively, or any Four of them, and they are

1 thereby required (if the same shall be lawfully demanded under

the Authority of the said Act so to do) , to grant their Licences Douglas of 1 for the Importation into the Port of Douglas, in the Isle of Muscovado Man, of certain Quantities of Wine, Brandy, Geneva, Rum, Sugar and 4- Tea, Coffee and Tobacco: And Whereas it is expedient to allow

a limited Quantity of Muscovado Sugar to be imported into the titie/audTonsaid Port of Douglas, and to permit the same to be shipped di- nage herein rectly from the Warehouse in which the same may have been mentioned.

secured in Great Britain, without the Duties due on the Iraportation thereof being first paid, and also a limited Number of Packs of Playing Cards to be imported into the said Port Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England, or any - R 2 Four

244 *

C. 61.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Such Sugar may be uricen out of Warehouse for Importation, without Payment of Duty.

50 G. 3. c. 42.

- Instead of the Duty of 2l. 10s. for every 1001. of the Value of Muscovado Sugar, Is. for every Cwt. thereof imported.

Duty on Playing Cards to continue.

51 G.3. c. 52.

Proviso for Acts in force relating to Isle of Man.

Four of them, to grant their Licences, under the Rules, Regulations and Provisions of the said recited Act, for the Importation into the Port of Douglas, in the Isle of Many of Five thousand five hundred Weight of Muscovado Smgar, and Four thousand Packs of Playing Cards, and no more, in any one Year, in British built Ships, owned, registered and navigated according to Law, and not of less Burthen than Fifty Tons.

III. And be it further enacted, That any such Sugar, intended to be imported into the said Port of Douglas by virtue of any such Licence, shall and may be taken out of any Warehouse or Warehouses wherein the same may have been lodged or secured, without Payment of Duty, for the Purpose of being so imported as aforesaid; any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And Whereas by another Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for consolidating the Duties of Customs for the Isle of Man, and for placing the same under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs in England, Muscovado Sugar and Playing Cards, as being Goods, Wares and Merchandise not thereinbefore charged with Duty, imported from Great Britain or Ireland, is made liable, by Schedule (A) annexed to the said Act, to the Duty of Two Pounds and Ten Shillings for every One hundred Pounds of the Value thereof: And Whereas it is expedient to make other Provision in respect of the said Duty on Muscovado Sugar imported into the said Island by virtue of any Licence granted in pursuance of this Act Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, in lieu and instead of the aforesaid Duty of Two Pounds and Ten Shillings, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid the Sum of One Shilling for every Hundred and twelve Pounds Weight of Muscovado Sugar so imported; which said One Shilling shall be raised, levied, collected, paid and applied, and the said Duty of Two Pounds and Ten Shillings upon Playing Cards, according to the Value thereof, shall continue to be collected, levied, paid and applied, in like Manner as the said Two Pounds and Ten Shillings was directed by the afore-recited Act, and another Act passed in the Fifty first Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for explaining and amending an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament for consolidating the Duties of Customs for the Isle of Man, and for placing the same under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs in England: Provided always, that on the Importation of any such Sugar and Playing Cards into the Isle of Man pursuant to this Act, all the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Securities, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament in force relating to Goods so exported or imported, and to the Payment, Recovery and Appropriation of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto, and all the Clauses, Provisions, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in any Act or Acts or Laws in force in relation to the Isle of Man, shall* so far as they are not hereby altered or varied, and in respect of which no other Provision is made by this Act, be and are hereby declared to be in full force, and to extend to this Act, and shall be construed

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 61. 245

therewith and as Part thereof, so far as the same respectively apply, as fully as if the same were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

V. And Whereas by another Act passed in the Seventh Year 7 G. 3. c. 45.

of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third,

intituled An Act for encouraging and regulating the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man, and for the more easy Supply of the Inhabitants there with a certain Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal and Flour, authorised by an Act made in this Session to be transported to the said Island\ it is enacted, that $ 10.

no Tea, or Spirits of any kind whatsoever, or Tobacco, may be

exported or shipped, or laden on board any Ship, Vessel or Boat, in order to be exported from the Isle of Man to any 1 Place whatsoever: And Whereas the Provisions in the said Acts

have been found insufficient to prevent the illegal Exportation

of the aforesaid Articles; Be it enacted, That if any Tea, Spi- Tea, Spirits or rits of any kind whatsoever, or Tobacco, shall be brought to or Tobacco, found found on any Wharf or other Place with Intent to be waterborne on|*[, y PICC for Exportation, the same shall be forfeited, together with the Horses or other Cattle, Carts or other Carriages, employed in re- Stc.

moving the same, to be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Army, Navy, Marines or Customs: Provided always, that if any in case of D«-Dispute shall arise, whether any such Goods were intended to be pute, Proof to waterborne for Exportation, the Proof thereof shall lie upon the lie on Owner. Owner or Claimer thereof, or the Person or Persons on whom the same shall be found, and not on the Officer seizing the same.

VI. And Whereas by another Act passed in the Twenty sixth 26 G.3. c. 36 Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the

+Third, intituled An Act to explain an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, with respect to the Allowances to be made for Waste on the Exportation of White Salt and Rock Salt to the Isle of Man, for limiting the Quantity of British refined Sugar to be

exported to the Isle of Man, and for certain other Purposes, the § 5

Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England, or any Three of them, shall and may grant Licences, without Fee or

Reward (to continue in force Three Months) , to any of His Majesty's Subjects to export from the Port of Liverpool into the Fort of Douglas in the Isle of Man, certain Quantities of British refined Sugar therein mentioned and expressed: And Whereas

by another Act passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of 51 G. 3. c. 50.

His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to allow a greater Number of Sheep to be carried from England to the Isle of Man than are now permitted by Law, it is enacted, that it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England, or any Three of them, to grant Licences in the manner prescribed by Law, to remain in force for One Month from the Date thereof, for the Exportation from the Ports of Liverpool and Whitehaven into the Port of Douglas or Ramsey, in the Isle of Man, of a limited Number of live Sheep in any one Year:

And Whereas it is expedient that the Period allowed for the Proviso for Exportation of Sugar and Sheep from that Part of the United L, cen?» for Kingdom called England, into the Isle of Man, should be al- and°lWo 8heM? 4 tered; Be it therefore further enacted, That the Commissioners to ideof Man* of His Majesty 8 Customs, or any Three of them, shall and may till July 5 following.

246

C. 61.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

53 0.3. c. 21.

Commissioners of Customs may make Allowance to Persons confined in the Isle of Man on Exchequer Pro.

51 0.3. c. 71. § 10 *

Regulations of recited Act as hemnmen-tioned extended to this Act.

9 Ann. c. 6.

4 6.

grant Licences, in the Manner prescribed by Law, for the Exportation of the several Quantities of refined Sugar and Number of live Sheep allowed to be exported into the Isle of Man, to continue in force for any Period until the Fifth Day of July next ensuing the granting thereof.

VII. And Whereas an Act was passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, for authorising the Commissioners of Customs to make an Allowance for the necessary Subsistence of poor Persons confined for Debts, or Penalties sued for under their Orders, in Great Britain: And Whereas it is expedient to make the like Allowance to poor Persons so confined in the Isle of Man Be it therefore further enacted, That for the necessary Subsistence of any poor Person confined in the Isle of Man under or by virtue of any Exchequer Process, for the Recovery of any Duties or Penalties under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, relating to the Revenue of Customs or the Prevention of Smuggling, or confined under or by virtue of any Warrant or Warrants of any Deemster or Deemsters in the Isle of Man, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, relating to the Revenue of Customs or the Prevention of Smuggling, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Customs in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, or any Four or more of them, to cause an Allowance not exceeding the Sum of Seven Pence Halfpenny, and not less than Four Pence Halfpennyper Day, to be made to any such Poor Person out of any Money in the Hands of the Collector of the Customs at the Port of Douglas, in the said Isle of Man, arising from the Duties of Customs.

VIII. And Whereas by another Act, passed in the Fifty first

Year of the Reign of its said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the Abolition and Regulation of certain Offices in the Customs, it is enacted, that no Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity or Reward, whether pecuniary or of any other Sort or Description whatever, shall be required, taken or received by any Officer, Clerk or other Person executing or performing or assisting in the Execution or Performance of any of the Duties, or acting in any of the Offices or Employments in or belonging to His Majesty's Customs in the Port of London, 4 for any Service, Act, Duty, Matter or Thing done or performed, 4 or to be done or performed, by any or either of such Officers, 4 Clerks or other Persons, on account of or relating to any Office or Employment, under certain Provisions and Regulations: And Whereas it is expedient to extend the Provisions of the said recited Act to the Isle of Man; Be it therefore further enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Directions, Clauses, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in the said recited Act, shall, so far as the same are applicable, be deemed and construed to extend to the Isle of Man, as fully and effectually to all Intent* and Purposes, as if the same had been repeated and particularly enacted in the Body of this Act.

IX. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, it is provided and enacted, that good Security shall be given to the Officers of the Customs

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 61. 247

in the respective Ports where any Coals shall be shipped for Export at ion from or out of Great Britain to the Isle of Man, for landing such Coals there and not elsewhere (the Dangers of the Seas and Enemies excepted): And Whereas it is expedient that the Security required by the said recited Act should be exempted from the Duties chargeable on stamped Vellum, Parch ment or Paper Be it further enacted, That whenever any Coals shall be shipped for Exportation to the Isle of Man, the Bond or Security given for the due Delivery thereof, shall not be charged or chargeable with, or subject or liable to, any of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper; any former Law to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

X. And Whereas by another Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling, Provision is made respecting the Quantity of Spirits and Tobacco which may be exported from the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney or Sark, in any Ship, Vessel or Boat of less Burthen than One hundred Tons, for the Use of the Seamen then belonging to and on board such Ship, Vessel or Boat; which Provision is by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, to make more effectual Provision for the Prevention of Smuggling, and for regulating the Periods for cancelling and delivering up certain Bonos relating to the Revenue of Customs, extended to the Isle of Man: And Whereas it is expedient that a Reduction should be made in the aforesaid limited Quantities of Spirits and Tobacco, and that a limited Quantity of Tea should be allowed to be exported so far as regards decked Vessels or open Boats bound from the Isle of Man to Great Britain or Ireland, for the Use of the Seamen then belonging to and on board such decked Vessels or open Boats; Be it therefore further enacted, That if any decked Vessel bound from the Isle of Man to any Port of Great Britain or Ireland shall have on board for the Use of the Seamen any Spirits exceeding the Quantity of Half a Gallon for each Seaman, or any Tobacco exceeding One Pound Weight for each Seaman, or any Tea exceeding Two Pounds Weight for the whole of the Seamen on board such Vessel; or if any open Boat bound from the Isle of Man to any Port of Great Britain or Ireland, shall have on board for the Use of the Seamen any Spirits exceeding One Quart for each Seaman, or any Tobacco exceeding One half of a Pound Weight for each Seaman, or any Tea exceeding One Pound Weight for the whole of the Seamen on board such Boat; all such Foreign Spirits, Tobacco and Tea respectively, together with the Casks or Packages containing the same, and also every such Vessel or Boat, together with all the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel thereof, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by an Officer or Officers of the Army, Navy, Marines, or Customs or Excise.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Forfeitures and Penalties inflicted by this Act, and all Suits or Informations which shall be brought or commenced for the Recovery thereof, shall be sued

Bond given for Delivery of Coals shipped for Isle of Man, not liable to Stamp Duty.

45 G.3. c. 121. §3.

48 C. 3. c. 84.

h 12.

Decked Vessels and open floats having on board Spirits, Tobacco or Tea in the Quantities herein mentioned, forfeited.

Recovery and Application of Forfeitures andt Penalties *

248

6 G.3. c. 39.

59 a 3. c. 114.

continued till Jen. 1, 1822.

29 G.2r c. 5.

for, prosecuted, tried, heard and determined, and the said Penalties and Forfeitures distributed and disposed of in such Manner and Form, and by such Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, as are prescribed and directed in and by an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for the more effectual preventing the Mischiefs arising to the Revenue and Commerce of Great Britain and Ireland from the dlicit and clandestine Trade to and from the Isle of Man, with respect to the Forfeitures and Penalties therein mentioned.

---

CAP. LXII.

An Act to continue, until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, an Act of the Fifty ninth Year of His late Majesty, for staying Proceedings against any Governor or other Persons concerned in imposing and levying Duties in New South Wales; for continuing certain Duties; and for empowering the said Governor to levy a Duty on Spirits made in the said Colony.

[15th July 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to stay Proceedings against any Governor or other Persons concerned in imposing and levying Duties in New South Wales; to continue, until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, certain Duties; and to empower the said Governor to levy a Duty on Spirits made in the said Colony: And Whereas it is expedient that the said

---

Act should be further continued for a Time to be limited Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, and the Provisions therein contained, shall be and the same is and are continued in force from the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty two.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, an Act of the Twenty ninth Year of King George the Second, for granting a bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported; and for taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yams made of Flax.

[15th July 1820.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of

British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign naw Linen Yams made of Flax, it

was ^amongst other things) enacted, that the several Bounties therein mentioned should be given and paid for every Yard of

British

1° GEO. IV. C. 63, 64.

249

British and Irish Linen made of Hemp or Flax, and of the several Breadths and Values therein mentioned, which should be exported out of Great Britain from and after the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and fifty six, and within the Term of Fifteen Years, to commence from the said Twenty fourth Day of June, or at any time thereafter, before the End of the next Session of Parliament: And Whereas the said Act has by several subsequent Acts been further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty one; and it is expedient that the same should be further continued:' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act made in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, shall be and the same is hereby further continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty two.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, an Act made in the Fifty eighth Year of His late Majesty, to repeal the several Bounties on the Exportation of refined Sugar from the United Kingdom, and to allow other Bounties in lieu thereof, and to reduce the Size of the Packages in which refined Sugar may be exported.

[15th July 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to repeal the several Bounties on the Exportation of refined. Sugar from any Part of the United Kingdom, and to allow other Bounties in lieu thereof until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and for reducing the Size of the Packages in which refined Sugar may be exported; which said Act is near expiring, and fit to be continued:' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, be continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty four.

continued dll July 5, 1822.

58 G. 3. c. 34. continued till July 5, 1824.

250

C. 65.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

. 54 G. 3. C. 184.

59 G. 3. c. 67.

54 G. 3. c. 184. continued till July 30, 1821.

Letters Patent and Appointment in pursuance of recited Act, continued during the same Period.

CAP. LXV.

An Act to continue, until the Thirtieth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His late Majesty, for the effectual Examination of the Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of the Colonial Revenues in the Islands of Ceylon, Mauritius, Malta, Trinidad, and in the Settlements of The Cape of Good Hope.

[15th July 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the effectual Examination of Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of the Colonial Revenues in the Islands of Ceylon, Mauritius, Malta, Trinidad, and in the Settlements of The Cape of Good Hope, for Five Years: And Whereas it was provided by the said Act, that the same should continue in force for Five Years and no longer: And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, the several Powers and Authorities conferred by the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His late Majesty were further continued for One Year: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Powers and Authorities

should be further continued:* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, and all the Powers therein contained, shall further continue and be in force from the Thirtieth Day of July One thousand eight hundre4 and twenty, until the Thirtieth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

4 H. And Whereas by virtue of the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year aforesaid, Edmund Henry Lushington, Edmund Bung (commonly called the Honourable Edmund Byng) , and Culling Charles Smith, Esquires, were, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain and Ireland bearing Date

the Twenty first Day of January in the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, appointed Commissioners for the purpose of examining the Accounts aforesaid: And Whereas a 4 Secretary and other Officers, Clerks and other Persons, have also been appointed by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, pursuant to the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year aforesaid, to aid and assist the Commissioners: And Whereas it is expedient that the Powers and Authorities with which the said Commissioners are invested under the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and the said Letters Patent, should be continued so long as the said recited Act shall further continue and be in force Be it therefore enacted, That the said Letters Patent, and all other Appointments made in pursuance of the said recited Act of the

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 65, 66, 67. 251

Fifty fourth Year, continued as aforesaid, shall be of the same force and effect as if it had been enacted by the said recited Act, that it should continue in force until the Thirtieth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and no longer.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act to continue, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, Two Acts of the Fifty fourth Year of His late Majesty, for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace in and near the Metropolis, and for the Prevention of Depredations on the River Thames.

[15th July 1820.]

WHEREAS Two Acts were passed in the Fifty fourth Year 54 G. 3. c. 37.

of His late Majesty's Reign, the one intituled An Act for repealing an Act made in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Administration of the Office Of a 4 Justice of the Peace in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey as lie in and near the Metropolis, and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof to continue in force until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and from thence until the Expiration of Six Weeks from the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament; and the other intituled An Act to revive and continue, until the First Day of 54 G.3. c. 187. 4 June One thousand eight hundred and twenty> and to amend several Acts for the more effectual Prevention of Depredations on the River Thames and its Vicinity: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Two Acts should be further continued:1 Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by continued tiU the Authority of the same, That the said Two Acts shall be con- the End of the tinned until the End of the next Session of Parliament. Session.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act to continue, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, the Low Duties on Cbals and Culm carried Coastwise to any Port within the Principality of Wales.

[15th July 1820.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty ninth Year of 59 G. 3. c. 52.

His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Tab. D.

Act to repeal the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof certain Duties were thereby imposed upon Coals and Culm brought or carried Coastwise to any Port or Place within the Principality of Wales, and specified in Table D. to the said Act annexed; and which were to continue in force until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty rAnd Whereas it is expedient that the said Duties should be further continued:' Be it therefore enacted by The Bang's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual, and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

Authority

C. 67, 68.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Duties on Coals Authority of the same, That the Duties on Coals and Culm brought brought Coast* or carried Coastwise to any Port or Place within the Principality co^nued^till68 which were directed by the said Act to be payable until

1822# the said First'Day of August One thousand eight hundred and

twenty, shall continue to be paid'and payable until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty two.

CAP. LXVIII.

40 G.3. c. 39.

Clerk of the Errors in the Court of Exchequer Chamber, or his Deputy on his Behalf, may take the Fees

specified in the Table annexed.

An Act for the better Administration of Justice in the Court of Exchequer Chamber in Ireland.

[15th July 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the more speedy Correction of erroneous Judgments given in the Courts of Law in this Kingdom: And Whereas by the said Act Writs of Error from Judgments of His Majesty's superior Courts of Law 4 in Ireland were made returnable in a Court thereby instituted, and now commonly called The Court of Exchequer Chamber; and the Chief Justices, Chief Baron, and the rest of the Justices and Barons, or any Nine of them assembled in the said Court, 4 were empowered to examine, and affirm or reverse such Judgments; and in all Cases depending in the said Court to award such Costs, moderate, reasonable or exemplary, as to them should seem meet: And Whereas it hath appeared by Reports

made to The King's Most Excellent Majesty from the Commissioners appointed by His Majesty, upon an Address of the Knight ^, Citizens and Burgesses in Parliament assembled, to enquire into the Duties, Salaries and Emoluments of the Officers, Clerks and Ministers of Justice in all Temporal and Ecclesiastical Courts in Ireland, that divers Regulations are necessary for ensuring the more easy, cheap and expeditious Administration of Justice in the said Court: And Whereas some of such

Regulations have been carried into Effect by a general Order of the said Court, and a Table of the Fees to be thereafter taken

by the Clerk of the said Court of Exchequer Chamber, commonly called The Clerk of the Errors, established under the said Order; but certain other Regulations are required, which cannot be carried into Effect without the Aid of Parliament:* And Whereas it is expedient that the said Fees to be taken by the ' Clerk of the said Court should be further established and regulated by the Authority of Parliament Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the last Day of this present Session of Parliament, it shall and may be lawful for the Clerk of the said Court, or his Deputy or Assistant on his Behalf, to ask, demand, have, receive, take and accept, for and by reason and on account of the several Acts, Matters and Things to be done in or concerning the Business of the said Court, the several Fees, Payments and Sum and Sums of Money in the Table hereunto annexed re* spectively mentioned, and none other or greater Fees or Sums of Money whatever; and that the Clerk of the said Court, or any

1° GEO. IV. C. 68. 253

Deputy or Clerk of any such Officer, nor any Person acting in his Behalf in any Part of the Business thereof, shall not ask, demand or receive any other or greater Fee or Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, on account of or for the Performance or under Pretence of performing any Act, Matter or Thing whatsoever, in anywise relating to the Business of the said Court, than as mentioned in the said Table as payable for or in respect of such Act,

Matter or Business, except under the Provisions of this Act, any Law, Usage or Custom at any time heretofore made, used or exercised to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; and that the said Table, and all Directions, Matters and Things therein contained, shall be taken as Part of this Act to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may Judges in the be lawful for the Chief Justices, Chief Baron, and the other Jus- Exchequer tices and Barons, or any Nine or more of them, so assembled in ^aniber may the said Court, from time to time to vary and alter the Amount of any of the said Fees, by decreasing or increasing the same, or to according to a* abolish any of the said Fees altogether; and also to direct and Table to be authorise the Payment of any new or additional Fee or Fees to signed by the the said Clerk of the said Court, or to any other Person, for or in Chief Justice of respect of any Matters or Things mentioned in the said Table, or *nd uinsStted any of them, or of any other Matters or Things to be done in the to the Lord Execution of the Duty of the Office of such Officer or Persons re- Lieutenant, spectively; and all such Fees, the Amount whereof shall be so *nd laid before altered, and all such new or additional Fees which shall be so P*rl|»meDt' made payable, and also any Order for the abolishing of any Fee, shall be specified and set forth in a Table or Tables to be made by Order of the said Court, and signed by the Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench for the time being; and such Order shall specify the Grounds and Reasons upon which such Fees shall have been altered, abolished or made payable respectively; and a Copy of every such Order, signed as aforesaid, shall be transmitted by the Chief Justice of the King's Bench for the time being to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, who shall cause a Copy of the same to be laid before each House of Parliament, at or immediately after the Commencement of the then next Session thereof, and every such Fee shall, according to the Terms of such Order, be and be deemed and taken to be a legal Fee, and payable and receivable as such, as if the same had been included in the said Table to this Act, from and after the End of such Session of Parliament.

ILL. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Errors Clerk of the shall discharge the Duties of the said Office in Person, except in Errors to di*. case of Sickness, or unavoidable Absence by reason of Accident or Business, and in any such Case it shall and may be lawful to Ln^rtain and for such Clerk of the Errors to act by Deputy during the Cases. Continuance of such Sickness or unavoidable Absence, and no longer, such Deputy being first approved of by the Chief Judge of the said Court for the time being, the Sickness or other Occasion for such Appointment being first proved to the Satisfaction of such Chief Judge.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Deputy or Clerk, or Deputies or other Person whomsoever employed in the Business of the said Clerks taking

Court, froin

Suitors, &c. or any other than the Fees of their Principals, and as under this Act;

Penalty 1001.

Clerk of Errors taking undue

Fees;

Penalty 1001. and Loss of Office.

By whom the Time of Meeting shall be fixed after each Sitting of the Court.

Court of Exchequer Chamber, on Affirmance of Judgments, to older Payment of Interest,

C. 68.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Court, or any Part thereof, shall at any time after the last Day of this present Session of Parliament ask or demand, or shall have, take or receive, or accept from any Suitor, Solicitor or other Person whomsoever, (save and except only from the principal Officer by and under whom any such Deputy or Clerk, or other Person, shall be immediately employed) , any Gift, Fee, Reward or Remuneration, for or by reason or on account or under pretext of any Services of their own, or of any Person or Persons employed by or under them respectively in the Office of the said Court; or if any such Deputy or Clerk, or other Person, shall ask or demand, or shall have, take, receive or accept any Gift, Fee or Reward, Gratuity or Remuneration, for or by reason or on account or finder pretext of the Services of their Principals or Employers, or for or by reason or on account or under pretext of any Matter or Thing whatsoever done in and about the Business of the said Court, or any Part thereof, other than and except only such Fees and Sums of Money as shall from time to time be lawful under the Provisions of this Act, every Deputy, Clerk or other Person so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall hold the said Office of Clerk of the said Court shall, at any time after the last Day of this present Session of Parliament, by himself or his Deputy, or by any Clerk or Person authorised on his Behalf, wilfully and knowingly ask, demand, have, take and receive, or accept, directly or indirectly, any Gift, Fee, Reward, Gratuity or Remuneration, for or by reason or on account or under pretext of any Services or Service in or concerning any Part of the Business of the said Court, other than and except only such Fees and Sums of Money as from time to time shall be lawful under the Provisions of this Act, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and shall forfeit and lose all and every Offices and Office in or under the said Court, which such Person shall hold or be possessed of at the Time of such Offence.

VI. And be it further enacted, That after each and every Sitting of the said Court, the Day and Hour of the "Day on which the said Court shall next meet shall be fixed by the said Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench for the time being, or in case of his Sickness or Absence from Ireland, or of the Vacancy of the said Office, then by the Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas for the time being, or in case of his Sickness or Absence from Ireland, or of the Vacancy of said Office, then by the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer for the time being, and by no other Person or Authority whatsoever; and the same shall be done as speedily as may be by Order in Writing, a Copy of which shall be forthwith sent by the Clerk of the Errors to the Place of Residence of each of the other Judges of the said Court of Exchequer Chamber.

VII. And Whereas it is expedient that the Powers of the said Court should be enlarged as is hereinafter provided Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Chief Justices, Chief Baron, Justices and Barons, in all Cases now depending, or which

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C .68. 255

hereafter shall depend in the said Court, where the Defendarft in Error shall have got Judgment for any Sum of Money, whether for Debt, Damages or Costs, or all or any Two of them, and such Judgment shall be affirmed by the said Court, then not only to give such Judgment of Affirmance, but also to order that Interest be forthwith computed in open Court, at such Rate, not exceeding the legal Interest for the time being, as such Court shall direct, from the Day of the Allowance of the Writ of Error on which they shall so give Judgment to the Day of so giving the same, on the Sum so adjudged to the Defendant in Error as aforesaid; and to order that the Amount of such Interest shall be included in their Judgment, in addition to the Sum so theretofore adjudged, and to the Costs, if they shall think proper to award Costs as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Execution shall be stayed by or by reason of any Writ of Error returnable into the said Court, or by any Supersedeas thereon, in any Case whatsoever, unless the Plaintiff in Error, with Two sufficient Sureties, to be approved of by the Court in which Judgment shall have been given, or by a Judge of such Court, shall be first bound by Recognisance in such Court, in Double the Sum adjudged by such Judgment, and also in Two Years' Value of the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments (if any) adjudged to be recovered thereby, to satisfy and pay, if such Judgment be affirmed, all and singular the Debt, Damages and Costs adjudged by such Judgment, and all Costs to be awarded by or under the Judgment on such Writ of Error, or on any further Writ of Error which may be afterwards brought in such Cause returnable in Parliament, and also the Mesne Rates of such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments (if any) to be adjudged in any Action that may be brought for that Purpose.

IX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Writ of Error or Certiorari shall issue, returnable in Parliament, for the purpose of reversing any Judgment of the said Court of Exchequer Chamber, the original Transcript brought into the said Court, together with the Judgment in Court thereon, being duly made up into the Form of a Return to such Writ of Error, and signed by the Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench, shall be countersigned by the Clerk of the Errors, who shall then forthwith carry the same to the Office of the Chief Secretary in Dublin Castle, and shall deliver the same to the Under Secretary, or the Chief Clerk in the Civil Department, who shall also countersign the same, and shall give a Receipt for the same, and shall forthwith cause the same to be duly transmitted by Post to the proper Officer of the Lords House of Parliament; and such Writ and Return so signed and countersigned as aforesaid respectively* shall be so transmitted without any Charge for the same, and shall be deemed and taken to be true and genuine Records, and well and sufficiently returned, according to the Mandate of such Writs respectively.

Execution not stayed by Writ of Error or Supersedeas unless Recognisance be given to pay Debt and Costs, Sec.

How Transcripts shall be made up, signed and counter-signed, and conveyed, on Writs of Erroa, in Parliaments

256

C. 68, 69. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

TABLE to which this Act refers.

No. £ s. d.

1. For receiving every Writ of Error, with Transcript of the 0 9 6

2. Record thereupon - For receiving, entering and filing every Assignment of Errors, Joinder thereto, and every other Pleading For the Copy of every Assignment of Errors, Joinder or other Pleadings in the Court of Error 0 9 6

3. 0 6 8

4. If exceeding Ten Sheets, then 8d. per Sheet. For entering every Rule or Order ... 0 3 0

5. For preparing, attesting and issuing Copies of all Rules and Orders of which Copies shall be required 0 2 6

6. For receiving, entering and filing every Affidavit, of whatever Length the same may be 0 0 6

7. For preparing, attesting and issuing Copies of Affidavits, when such Copies shall be required, if not exceeding Three Sheets of Seventy two Words each If above Three Sheets, then at the Rate per Sheet, each Sheet containing Seventy two Words - For One Copy of the Record to remain with the Clerk in Court at the Hearing, for each Sheet of Seventy two Words ... 0 1 6

8. 0 0 6

9. 0 0 6

10. For every other Copy, per Sheet ... 0 0 3

11. For every Continuance in each Cause, such Continuance being from Term to Terra, and the Fee being only charged once in each Term, and against One Party 0 3 4

12. For enrolling such Pleadings and Proceedings as occur in the Court of Error, and the Judgment of the Court to be transmitted, with Record, to Parliament, or to the Court from whence the Record came, for each Roll containing Seven hundred and twenty Words ... 0 10 0

13. For every preparing, signing and issuing every Writ of Mandamus and Seal ..... 0 5 0

14. For every Certificate of Noncompliance with any Order of the Court, including Search ..... 0 3 4

15. For every Search which the Officer shall be required to make where no such Certificate shall be required 0 2 6

16. For taxing a Bill of Costs - ..... 0 10 0

CAP. LXIX.

An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of His late Majesty, for erecting a Harbour for Ships to the Eastward of Durdeary, within the Port of Dublin: and to provide for the Erection of a Western Pier to the said Harbour of Durdeary.

[15th July 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for erecting a Harbour for Ships to the Eastward

1° GEO. IV. C. 69.

* 57

+of Dunleary, within the Port of Dublin: And Whereas by virtue of the said Act, and for the Purpose of forming an Asylum Harbour to the Eastward of Dunleary, a Pier has been commenced, and is considerably far advanced, and is likely to be completed by the Funds provided by the said Act on the Shipping and Trade to the Port of Dublin: And Whereas it is found expedient, in order to make the said Harbour a complete and perfectly safe Asylum or Place of Refuge, not only to the Ships and Vessels trading to the Port of Dublin, and to the Ships and Vessels of His Majesty's Navy which may be in the

Irish Channel, but to all the Shipping Interests trading or passing through Saint George's Channel and the Irish Sea9 to erect 4 a Second Pier to the West of the said Pier which has been so commenced: and the Erection of the said Second Pier not having been in the Contemplation of the Merchants and Traders of the City of Dublin, sufficient Means or Funds were not provided under the said recited Act for the Erection thereof: And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign 52 G. 3. c. III. 4 of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An $ 2 *

Act to make more effectual Provision for enabling the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, to erect, repair and maintain Light Houses and Lights round the Coasts of Ireland, and to raise a Fund for defraying the Charge thereof,

certain Tonnage Rates were charged, and under the said Act 4 have been levied on all Ships or decked Vessels passing any Light House or Light Houses, or Floating Light, on the Coast of Ireland, and certain Rates and Duties were also charged upon every Entry Inwards and on every Entry Outwards of of any Ship or Vessel made in any Port of Ireland, and upon

every Entry, Cocket or Warrant in any such Port for snip- ' Goods, Wares or Merchandise, Inwards or Outwards,

____n___r ________i a __________ n__A i.i_ r*______

any Port in Ireland to any other Port therein, for purchasing Ground for, and for building New Light Houses, and for repairing, fitting up, completing and keeping in Repair the several Light Houses, Light Snips, Floating Lights, Beacons and Sea Marks which have been or may be erected and built, or placed

round the Coasts of Ireland: And Whereas when the Works authorised by the said Act of the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third shall be completed,

there will be a considerable Surplus of Duties over and above

what may be necessary for the lighting and keeping in repair the several Light Houses, Light Ships, Floating Lights, Beacons andl

Sea Marks, and it will be of the greatest Advantage and Means of Safety to all Merchantmen trading through Saint George's Channel and the Irish Sea, as well as to His Majesty's Ships and Cruisers, to complete the said Second Pier as speedily as possible, which cannot be done unless such Surplus Duties or a

Part thereof shall be appropriated towards the Erection of the

said Second Pier at the Harbour of Dunleary Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au- 4000L authority of the same, That out of the Duties or Balances of Cash nually out of paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Dublin, to the Dutit *

S

the

C. 69.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

raised under 52 G. 3. c. 115. paid into Exchequer for Purposes of 56 G. 3. c. 62.

60,000l. Irish Currency to be paid out of Consolidated Fund to the Commissioners under

56 G. 3. c. 62.

The 4,000l. per Annum and all Sums levied under 56 G.3. c. 62. to form an aggregate Fund.

56 G.3. c. 62. § 32. in part repealed.

the Use of the said Corporation, for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, or remaining in the Hands of the said Corporation, in each and every Year, ending on the Fifth Day of January, raised and levied under and by-virtue of the said recited Act of the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, there shall be paid into the said Exchequer, to the Credit of the Consolidated Fund in Ireland, the Sum of Four thousand Pounds, to be appropriated in Manner hereinafter mentioned, for the Purposes of the said recited Act of the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, in aid of the Funds thereby provided, subject to the Exception hereinafter contained.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to order, by his or their Warrant to the Vice Treasurer of Ireland for the time being, to advance and pay out of the Consolidated Fund, arising in Ireland, to the said Commissioners appointed to carry into Effect the said Act of the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, from time to time, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds Irish Currency net, at such Times and in such Proportions as the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall direct.

III. And Whereas the said intended Second Pier must of ' necessity be erected out of the same Quarries, and the Materials moved on the same Inclined Planes and Railways now in

use for the said Pier which has been already commenced, and ' it would be therefore'impossible to keep a true, separate and

distinct Account of the Expenditure on each Her Be it therefore enacted, That all such Cash, or Sum of Four thousand Pound6> as shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Dublin, and all the Duties to be hereafter levied under the said Act of the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, for Dunleary Harbour, and paid into the said Exchequer, shall form one aggregate Fund towards the Discharge of all Sums which have been, or shall hereafter be advanced out of the said Consolidated Fund of Ireland, by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, under the said Act of the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, or under this Act.

IV. And Whereas it is expedient that a separate and distinct

Account of such aggregate Fund should be kept in the said Exchequer, and that so much of the said Act of the Fifty sixth ' Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the i Third, as directs a separate and distinct Account of all Money ' which shall be paid into the said Exchequer on account of the

said Duties imposed by the said last recited Act should be re-

pealed Be it therefore further enacted, That so much of the said Act of the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, as directs a separate and distinct Account of the Duties in the said Act mentioned to be kept in the said Exchequer, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 69. 259

V. And it is hereby farther enacted, That in lieu thereof a a separate Ac-separate and distinct Account of such aggregate Fund shall be count of such kept in the said Exchequer, and so much thereof as shall be suf- «ggreg*te Fund fficient to answer and pay all Interest and Sinking Fund due at the 10 kept> Rate aforesaid, upon all Sums which have been or shall be from time to time advanced, shall, on the Fifth Day of January in every Year, be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland; and every such Sum and Sums of Money arising and Fund to be therefrom, as shall exceed the Amount of such Interest and Sink- applied in Paying Fund, shall in like Manner be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, towards the Discharge, Repay- Qf the gums ment and Satisfaction of the Principal Sum or Sums which has or advanced: have been or shall hereafter be advanced, until the whole Amount of such Principal Sum and Sums shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund, in Discharge, Repayment and full Satisfaction of all such Principal Sums which have been or shall be advanced, and in Payment of the Interest and Sinking Fund thereof in the meantime; and when the Whole of all such when paid, the Principal Sums and Interest as aforesaid shall be so discharged, 4, ooool per repaid and satisfied in Manner aforesaid, the before-mentioned Annum to re-Sum of Four thousand Pounds per Annum shall revert to the said yeHi t C°rPof-Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, and ation> shall cease to be applied to the Purposes of the said recited Act of the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, or of this Act, and shall thereafter be applied by the said Corporation, under the Directions, or with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, in the progressive Improvement of the Harbours and Navigation of Ireland, and all the Duties arising from the and Duties unsaid recited Act of the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His said der 56 G. 3. late Majesty shall cease and determine, and be no longer leviable c* 62* to ce*se' and payable under the Authority of the said Act.

VI. And Whereas great Inconvenience may arise from the occasional crowded State of the said Harbour of Dunleary, and the Want of Regulation in mooring the Vessels therein; Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ire- Lord Lieuten-land for the time being, from time to time to appoint, according ant to appoint to the Mode now practised, a proper and sufficient Person to act Harb<lur as Harbour Master within the said Harbour, and to remove any Dunteu^Har-Harbour Master so appointed, and to appoint another in his Room bour. or Stead, with such Salary or Allowance as to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall seem fitting and expedient; such Salary or Allowance to be paid out of Salary, the said Consolidated Fund, by Order of the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, which Order the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland is and are hereby empowered to make.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Payment of an-P&yment of Four thousand Pounds shall not commence until it ? ?um of shall appear by the annual Report of the Commissioners of Public ^mgn^ftiii Accounts in Ireland, that an actual Surplus, amounting to the such Sum shall Sum of Four thousand Pounds over and above what will be suffi- have arisen out cient to complete and finish all Works begun or determined to be of the Surplus

260

C. 69.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

of the said Duties, &c.

The 4,000l. not to be paid until that Surplus is in the Exchequer.

Charges on the Rates.

Power of Harbour Master to moor and re-snore Vessels.

Masters of Vessels neglecting Directions,

[Penalty.]

Obstructing mooring Vessels, Sic.

reoMRy.

begun by the said Commissioners under the Authority of the said recited Act, actually exists at the time in His Majesty's Exchequer out of the Produce of the said Duties, and also over and above a sufficient annual Sum for the maintaining all Light Houses and other Works executed by the said Corporation under the Authority of the said Act, and such Sums as the said Commissioners of Public Accounts shall upon Estimate on Oath judge expedient or necessary to be reserved for Repairs, Casualties and contingent Expenses.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That such Sum of Four thousand Pounds shall not be paid to the Gredit of the Consolidated Fund in or for any Year in which it shall not appear by the annual Report of the said Commissioners that such annual Surplus as aforesaid actually exists in His Majesty's Exchequer: Provided also, that whenever any Dues or Rates shall be imposed upon Vessels frequenting or using the said Harbour, as well the said Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds so to be advanced out of the Consolidated Fund as aforesaid, as any Sums which may have been paid as aforesaid out of the Funds or Dues of the aforesaid Corporation for improving the Port and Harbour of Dublin shall be charged upon and made payable out of the said Dues or Rates previously to all other Charges thereupon, excepting the necessary Eroeases of maintaining the 6&id Harbour.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every such Harbour Master shall have full Power and Authority to direct the mooring, unmooring, moving and removing of all Ships or other Vessels coming into or lying or being in the said Harbour or any Part thereof, or any Place being within the Distance of Five hundred Yards of the Entrance or Mouth of the said Harbour, and to appoint and regulate the Time or Times and the Manner of their Entrance into, lying in, or going out of or from such Harbour, save and except in stormy or tempestuous Weather, and to regulate and determine the Position of such Ships and other Vessels; and in case any Owner, Master or other Person, having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or other Vessel, shall refuse or neglect to moor, unmoor, place, move or remove his Ship or Vessel according to such Direction, immediately when Notice to hiiti or them shall be given, or left with any Person or Persons on board of such Ship or Vessel for that Purpose, every such Owner, Master or other Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Harbour Master and his Assistants, and he or his Assistants are hereby required, to moor, unmoor, place, move or remove such Ship and Vessel accordingly; and in case any Master, Commander, Mate, Pilot, or other Person or Persons taking Charge or Command of any Ship or other Vessel, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall obstruct or hinder the mooring; unmooring, placing, moving or removing of any Ship or other Vessel lying or being in the said Harbour, or being within the Distance of Five hundred Yards of the Entrance or Mouth of the said Harbour, then and in every such Case such Person or Persons so offending shall for every uch Offence forfeit and pay any Sura not exceeding Twenty Pounds; the said Penalties respectively to be applied by the said

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 69. 261

Commissioners and their Successors, at their Discretion, to the Application of Purposes of the said recited Act of the Fifty sixth Year of the Penalties. Reign of His said late Majesty, and of this Act, but to be accounted for by them with their other Disbursements.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Three Commis-for the Commissioners appointed for the Execution of the said *ioner* under Act of the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty 56 G *

King George the Third, for the time being, or any Three of them, in with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or not necessary other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, for Purposes of to sell or demise any Part of any Land or Ground vested in the Act* said Commissioners, and which shall not be required for the Pur- LoI^JLioutcn-poses of the said Act or for this Act, to any Person or Persons willing to purchase the same, or to take the same on Lease for the Purpose of erecting thereon any House or Houses for the Residence of the said Harbour Master, or for any Officers of Customs or Excise stationed at the said Harbour, or for such other Purpose relative to the said Harbour as such Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors shall from time to time authorise, direct or appoint; and for that Purpose the said Com- Purchase Mo-missioners for the time being are hereby authorised to execute ney pud into Conveyances, Assignments, Contracts or Demises of such Parts Exchequer, &o» as shall be so sold or let, and the Purchase Money on such Sale or Sales, or the Rent or Rents reserved on suen Demises respectively, shall be paid by the said Commissioners for the time being into the Receipt of His Majesty's said Exchequer in Dublin, on account of the said Consolidated Fund, toward making good such Sum or Sums as shall be advanced thereout under the Authority of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, for the Purposes of the said recited Act of the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of Hit said late Majesty King George the Third, and of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Bathing, &c. Persons, not authorised by the said Commissioners or any Three ne*r the Ffcr* of them, shall fish or spread any Nets within or on or from the said Piers, Walls or Quay Footways, at any time; or bathe in the Water inclosed within the Limits of the said Piers, or within One hundred Yards thereof, after the Hour of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, (except at the Bathing Place for Females to Exception, the Westward of the Building, known by the Name of the Old Coffee House); every Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit Penalty, and pay for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XII. And Whereas great Danger and Inconvenience may be Graving or

1 experienced from Ships being breamed, or graved in improper breaming Ship#

1 Places, or at improper Times, in the said Harbour for Remedy whereof be it further enacted, That no Ship or Vessel,

Lighter, Barge, Boat or other Craft whatever, shall be graved or breamed afloat in the said Harbour, or at any other Place or Places on Shore within the said Harbour, or at any other Time than such as shall be ordered qr directed by the Harbour Master of the said Harbour for the time being, acting under the Author ritjrof the said Commissioners for the time being, upon pain that

262

[Penalty.]

Powers of Persons appointed by Commissioners to act as Constables, Ac.

Such Persona to be sworn.

56 G. 3. c. 62. 16.

Corporation for Improving Port of Dublin to support and maintain the Harbour.

Recovery of Penalties.

52 G.5. c. 1)5. and 56 G. 5. c. 62. (except where altered) to continue in force.

Expenses of Act.

C. 69. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

every Person offending therein shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to appoint One or more Person or Persons to act as Constable or Constables, Officer or Officers of the Peace within the said Harbour, as well afloat as on Shore, and upon all the Piers and other Works thereof, for the duly enforcing the Regulations, Rules and Orders relating to the said Harbour, or vessels or Persons resorting thereto, excepting to Vessels and Persons actually under Quarantine and to Vessels and Persons belonging to His Majesty's Revenue of Customs and Excise within the said Harbour, and for the Preservation of the said Harbour and Pier and Works, and in all Matters and Things relating thereto, and to the Preservation of the Peace and good Order, and the Prevention of Damage or Accidents within the same; provided that all such Persons shall first take the Oaths in that Behalf prescribed, which said Oaths any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, having Jurisdiction within the County of Dublin, is and are hereby authorised and required to administer to every puch Constable or Officer, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose.

XIV. And Whereas by the said Act of the Fifty sixth Year of His late Majesty it is enacted, that when the said Harbour of Dunleary should be completed, it should be from thenceforth vested in the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, but no Funds are provided or appropriated by the said Act for preserving and keeping the said Harbour in

repair Be it therefore enacted, That the said Corporation shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to preserve and support the said Harbour of Dunleary out of the Light House Duties arising and coming into their Hands after the said Harbour shall be so transferred to them.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties to be incurred under this Act shall be recovered, levied, and applied in the Manner directed by the said recited Act of the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts of the Fifty second and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, and all the Provisions and Clauses therein contained, shall be and continue in full Force and Effect, except so far as the same are altered, amended or repealed by this Act.

XVII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Dunleary Harbour to pay and reimburse themselves, out of the Public Money and Funds in their Hands, all such Costs, Charges and Expenses as they shall be put to in obtaining this Act.

[Public Act.]

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 70. 263

CAP. LXX.

An Act for improving the Roads between London and Chirk, in the County of Denbigh by Coventry, Birmingham and Shrewsbury.

[15th July 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty fifth Year of 55 G. 3.C. 152.

the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, to be issued and applied towards repairing Roads between London and Holyhead by Chester, and London and Bangor by Shrewsbury: And Whereas an Act was passed

1 in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, & G. 3. c. M2.

intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this present Session of Parliament: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Fifty seventh Year 57 g. 3. c. \3% 4 of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament:

And Whereas an Act was passed in the Fifty eighth Year of the M G.3. c. 10k Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen: And Whereas an Act 4 was passed in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His said late 59 g. 3. c. 48.

Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds towards repairing Roaas between London and Holyhead by Chester, and between London and Bangor by Shrewsbury; and for giving additional Powers to the Commissioners therein named, to build a Bridge over the Menai Straits; and to make a new Road from Bangor Ferry to Holy head, in the County of Anglesea: And Whereas by the said several recited Acts, certain Sums of Money were respectively granted and directed to be issued and applied towards repairing the said Roads: And Whereas the Commissioners under the said first mentioned Act have proceeded in the Execution of the said recited Acts, and have expanded the said Sums of Money in making several new Cuts along the said Road from Chirk, in thn

County of Denbigh, on the Boundaries of North Wales y to Bangor, and in otherwise amending and improving the same; and by the Improvements already made, the Communication between London and Holyhead has been facilitated, and the Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland has been thereby

greatly promoted: And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty 59g.3. c. 3C

ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for vesting in Commissioners the Line of Road from Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to Bangor Ferry, in the County of Carnarvon; and for discharging the Trustees under several Acts of the Seventeenth m

26 *

C. 70.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

7 G.3. «. 34.

eighth, Thirty sixth, Forty first, Forty second, Forty seventh, and Fiftieth Years of His present Majesty from the future Repair and Maintenance thereof; and for altering and repealing so much of the said Acts as affects the said Line of Road; the said Line 1 of Road from Shrewsbury to Bangor Ferry, together with all ' the new Cuts and Improvements along the same, was vested in 1 and placed under the Controul, Management and Superintendance of the Commissioners in the last mentioned Act named: And Whereas several of the Roads and Parts of the Roads between London and Chirk, in the said County of Denbigh, by Coventry, Birmingham and Shrewsbury, being the Remainder of the principal Line of Road from London to Holyhead, require to be improved and altered, and by the Improvements and Alterations which may be made thereon, the Distances may be

shortened, and the travelling thereon rendered more safe and expeditious: And Whereas with a View to the effecting of such Alterations and Improvements on the said Roads, and thereby affording additional Facilities to the Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland, the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury have caused the said Roads between London and ' Chirk to be surveyed, and Maps, Plans, Sections and Estimates

of the Expense of the several Alterations and Improvements required, have been prepared and made by the Order of the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury; which said Maps, Plans, Sections and Estimates have been referred to and approved of by the Commissioners for carrying into Effect the said recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year aforesaid, and have been presented to and laid before the Commons House of Parliament during this present Session; all which said Alterations and Improvements, and the Estimates of the Expense of

the same, are described and set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed: And Whereas it is desirable that the said Alterations and Improvements should be carried into effect, but the Funds of the several Trustees under whom the said Roads are ' maintained are inadequate thereto, and it would be of great public Benefit if such Sum or Sums of Money as may be

required for carrying on and completing the said Alterations and Improvements were advanced to the Trustees or Commissioners of the said several Roads by the Commissioners appointed under an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the

Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to authorise the Issue of Exchequer Bills, and the Advance of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for the car- rying on of Public Works and Fisheries in the United Kingaom, and Employment of the Poor in Great Britain, in Manner therein mentioned; and if the said several Trustees or Commissioners were empowered to pay over the Money so advanced to the Commissioners for executing the said recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year aforesaid, in order that the said Alterations and Improvements may be made, and the said Money applied thereto, under the Direction of such Commissioners May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with (he Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

1° GEO. IV. C. 70. 265

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Commissioners for carrying into Execution the said recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year aforesaid, and their Successors, shall be Commissioners for carrying into effect the Purposes of this Act, and making and completing the said several Alterations and Improvements on the said Roads described and set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and in the said Maps, Plans, Sections, and Estimates.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for executing the said recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year aforesaid shall consider and determine which of the said Roads so surveyed and reported upon, and estimated, shall be altered and improved in the Manner herein directed, and shall cause a List and Description thereof, referring to such Survey, to be published in the London Gazette; and such List or Description shall also be sent to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for each County through which the said Roads or any of them do pass; and the altering and improving such Road or Roads may thereupon, or as soon after as the said Commissioners shall appoint, be proceeded upon pursuant to this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That as soon as the said Commissioners for executing the said first recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year aforesaid shall have determined which of the said Roads so surveyed and estimated shall be altered and improved, the said last mentioned Commissioners shall direct an Account to be opened in their Books for such Road; and it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees or Commissioners for repairing and maintaining such Road, and they are hereby required, thereupon to pay over and place to such Account of the said Commissioners for executing the said first recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year aforesaid a Sum equal to the estimated Expense of making the intended Alterations and Improvements on such Road so determined on, provided that the Commissioners appointed under the recited Act of the Fifty seventh Year aforesaid shall have agreed to advance such Sum to the said Trustees or Commissioners; and such Road shall be forthwith directed to be altered and improved; and such Sum so paid by the Trustees or Commissioners thereof shall be expended by the said Commissioners for executing the said first recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year aforesaid, under the Powers, Regulations and Restrictions in that Act contained.

IV. And, for enabling the said Commissioners under the said recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third more effectually to carry into Execution the Purposes of this Act, be it further enacted, That all the Clauses, Powers, Provisions and Authorities given and granted to the said last mentioned Commissioners, in and by the said recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year aforesaid, shall be construed and held to extend and shall extend to this Act, for the Purpose of making the said Alterations and Improvements, as fully, amply and effectually as if the same Clauses, Powers, Provisions and Authorities were repeated and re-enacted in and by this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That every such Alteration and Improvement shall be made in conformity to the said Maps, Plans,

Sections

Commissioners under 55 G. 3. c. 152. to be Commissioners for carrying into effect this Act.

Commissioners to determine which of the Roads shall be improved, and publish a Description them) in London Gazette, &a

When Roads determined on, an Account to be opened, and a Sum equal to the Estimate to be placed to it.

[Proviso.]

55 G.3. c. 152. extended to this Act.

Commissioners to improve the Roads in con-

266

C. 70.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

fonnity to Maps, &c. and to make Contracts.

Sams to be drawn and Payments placed to Account of lload.

Contracts to be submitted to a Committee of Five Trustees or Commissioners of the Hoads specified.

Works when completed to be examined and reported on by a Committee of Trustees or Commissioners of the Road.

Sections and Estimates aforesaid; and the said Commissioners for carrying into Execution the said first recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year aforesaid are hereby empowered and required to make such Contracts and Agreements with skilful Persons and their Sureties, for the carrying on, making and completing such Alterations and Improvements on the said Roads, and to appoint such Person or Persons as they shall think proper, who shall from time to time, under such Regulations as the said Commissioners under the said first recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year aforesaid shall direct, draw for the necessary Sums to defray the Expenses thereof; and such Payments shall from time to time be placed to the Account of the Road in respect of which the Expenses shall be incurred; and all the said Alterations, Works and Improvements hereby intended to be made and completed on the said Roads, shall be done by Contract, and in no other Way whatsoever.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every such Contract and the Terms thereof shall, previous to the same being signed and concluded, be submitted by the said Commissioners for executing the said recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year aforesaid, to a Committee not exceeding Five of the Trustees or Commissioners of the Road on which the Work specified in such Contract is to be performed, (which Committee the several Trustees and Commissioners of the said Roads to be altered and repaired are hereby respectively empowered and required to elect and appoint); and the Committee to whom such Contract shall be submitted shall examine the Terms thereof, and if they or the major Part of them shall approve thereof, they shall sign their Names to such Contract; and when such Signatures shall be obtained, the said Contract shall then be signed and concluded by the said Commissioners for executing the said recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year aforesaid, with the Person or Persons willing to undertake and enter into the same.

VII. And be it further enacted, That when the Alterations and Improvements on any Road by this Act to be altered and improved shall be made and completed, it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees or Commissioners of the Road so altered and improved, and they are hereby empowered and required, to appoint a Committee, not exceeding Five of such Trustees or Commissioners, to examine the Alterations and Improvements so made; and the Committee so to be appointed shall, immediately on being nominated, proceed to inspect and examine such Alterations and Improvements, and the several new Works made on such Road, and shall within One Month after they shall have been so appointed, report the Result of such Examination and Inspection, and whether the said Alterations and Improvements have been made in conformity to the Maps, Plans, Sections and Estimates aforesaid, and whether the same are done in a substantial and sufficient Manner, together with any other Observations which may occur to the said Committee thereon, to the said Commissioners for carrying into Execution the said first recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year aforesaid; and when the said Committee so to be appointed shall have made such Report, or at the Expiration of One Month after such their Appointment, in

1° GEO. IV. C. 70. 267

case no Report shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners said Commissioners under the said recited Act of the Fifty fifth under 55 G. 3. Year aforesaid, to make and adjust a final Settlement of Accounts c* 152. finally with the Person or Persons who shall have contracted to make, Ac"

and shall have made and completed such Alterations and Improvements, and to pay to such last mentioned Person or Persons such Sum or Sums of Money as shall appear on such final Settlement of Accounts to be justly due and owing to him or them, according to the Terms and Conditions of his or their Contract.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all new Roads or Cuts New Roads or Parts of Roads, and all the said Alterations and Improvements and Improve-which shall be made under or by virtue of this Act, shall be ment* be and deemed and taken to be, and shall become, to all Intents and purposes, Parts of those Roads to which the old Roads or Parts of Hoads (in lieu or for the Improvement whereof such new Roads,

Cuts or farts of Roads or Alterations shall be made) did belong, before the making of such new Roads, Cuts or Parts of Roads, or Alterations and Improvements; and such new Roads, Cuts or Parte of Roads, Alterations and Improvements, shall be subject to all such Trusts, and to all and every such Act and Acts of Parliament, and to all Provisions in any such Act or Acts of Parliament contained, as such old Roads or Parts, of Roads are by Law subject to at the Time of passing this Act.

The SCHEDULE referred to.

TRUST.

Commission-") ers from (Shrewsbury f to Holyhead J Do.

Shrewsbury District of (Wat) ing (Street Trust J Do.

Wellington 1 Trust - J Do.

Sbifiball

NAME of PLACE. Length in Yards.

L. i. d. L. i. (L

Cutting and embanking,

&c. at Hill, East of

Montford Bridge 440 546 13 0

Improving Road at Shelton 440 666 13 0

Contingencies - 121 0 0

1, 334 6 0

Cutting and embanking

and re-making Roadway

at Emstry Hill - 210 210 0 0

Variation at Horse Shoe

Inn - 500 500 0 0

Contingencies - - 71 0 0 781 0 0

Variation at Overly Hill 3, 120 2, 702 0 0

Do. at Ketley Bank, cut-

ting and embanking 1, 100 2, 686 0 0

Contingencies - 538 16 0

5, 926 16 0

Variation at Prior's Lee,

upon the Eastern Line

of Map, and some cut-

ting and embanking 3, 566 - 8, 526 0 0

268

C. 70. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

SCHEDULE — continued.

TRUST. NAME of PLACE. Length in Yards.

Wolverhampton Cutting and embanking at L. s. (L L. s. d.

Cosford Brook - 300 300 0 0

Do. Variation near Summer

House 1, 440 1, 526 0 0

Contingencies - - 182 12 0

* - 2, 008 12 O

Bilstone Variation opposite Wed-

nesbury, vis. the Part

up to Brook 3, 168 3, 830 7 6

Contingencies - 383 0 0

* 4, 213 7 6

Birmingham ) and Wed- V Remaining Part of Van*-

nesbury ) tion - - 2, 112 2, 533 12 6

Contingencies - - 212 0 0 9 74C 14 r

Birmingham ) Variation' between Bottom 1« O

and Stone > of Coleshill Street and

Bridge ) Small Heath 2, 200 2, 700 0 0

Contingencies - - 220 0 0 9 QQA A A

Stone Bridge Variations between the VII- V u

and Dun- > lage of Meriden and

church j Pickford Brook - 3, 600 4, 350 0 0

Do. Variation between Village

of Allesby and Coventry 2, 640 2, 840 0 0

Contingencies - - 719 0 0

* 7, 909 0 0

Dunchurch ) Variation at Braunston

and Stratford (Hill - - 4, 060 4, 560 0 0

Do. Variation at Cuttle Mill - 1, 600 2, 500 0 0

Contingencies - - 706 0 0

— 7, 766 0 0

Stratford and! Variation at Little Brick

Hockliffe / Hill, cutting and em-

banking 620 1, 020 0 0

Do. Variations to avoid Hock-

liffe Hills 4, 320 5, 320 0 0

Contingencies - - 634 0 0

— 6, 974 0 0

Whetstone - Variation at South Ap-

proach to the Town of

Barnet, cutting, embanking, &c. 880 2, 546 0 0

Do. Cutting, embanking. Road

making at the North

Approach to Whetstone 690 1, 440 0 0

Contingencies - - 398 12 0

4, 384 12 O

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 71. 269

CAP. LXXI.

An Act to enlarge the Time and Powers for carrying the New Street Act into Execution; and to extend the Provisions of an Act, for ratifying an Agreement made with Lord Gagev and for the better Management and Improvement of the Land Revenues of the Crown.

[15th July 1820.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of 55 0.5. c. 121 .

+the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for making a more convenient Communication from Mary le bone Park, and the Northern Parts of the Metropolis in the Parish of Saint Mary le bone, to Charing Cross,

within the Liberty of Westminster; and for making a more convenient Sewage for the same $ the Commissioners for the time

being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, were appointed Commissioners for carrying the said Act into Execution: And Whereas the said Commissioners were by the said Act required, within the Space of Three Years from the passing § 15.

of the said Act, to cause Notices in Writing under their Hands, or the Hands of any Two of them for the time being, to be given to the Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, Corporations, Trustees or any other Person or Persons interested in all such of the Houses, Buildings, Erections, Ground, Tenements and Hereditaments described or comprised in the Map or Plan and Book of Reference in the said recited Act mentioned and referred to, or in the Deviation thereinbefore mentioned, as should be wanted or required for the Purposes of the said recited Act, of their Intention to purchase the same, and all subsisting Leases, Terms, Estates and Interests therein; and the said Commissioners were thereby further required, within the Space of Four Years from the Expiration of the Time so allowed for giving such Notices, to purchase, or cause to be valued as thereinafter mentioned, sill and every such Houses, Buildings, Erections, 4 Ground, Tenements find Hereditaments mentioned or described in such Notices respectively, and to pay the Consideration Money, or Money awarded for the same respectively, in manner directed by the said recited Act: And Whereas the said Commissioners, in pursuance of the Directions of the said recited Act, did cause such Notices in Writing to be given within the said Space of Three Years; and the Time prescribed within which the said Commissioners should purchase or cause to be valued such Houses, Buildings, Erections, Ground, Tenements and Hereditaments, mentioned in the said Notices, will, according to the Limitations of the said recited Act, expire on or about the Tenth Day of July One thoussmd eight hundred find twenty:

And Whereas the said Commissioners have proceeded with all practicable Expedition, and have made great Progress in the completing of such Purchases, and making such Valuations, according to the Directions of the said recited Act; but the Interests in the Premises to be purchased being very numerous and complicated, and it being, very difficult to trace many of the

270 C. 71. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

+Persons having such Interests, and some of them not being yet discovered, it will be impossible for the said Commissioners to complete all the said Purchases within the Time limited by the said recited Act; and it is therefore expedient that further Time should be allowed for that Purpose: And Whereas, in order to enable the said Commissioners to carry the several Purposes of the said recited Act into Execution, the said Commissioners were thereby authorised, by and with the Consent of the Lord High Treasurer, or of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of them, to borrow and take up at Interest from time to time such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, as they the said Commissioners, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, should judge necessary for the Purposes of the said Act, on Mortgage of all or any Part or Parts of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments of or belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in the Lines of the Streets and Places to be erected, altered, repaired or improved, or which should be purchased or exchanged by virtue of that Act, or by Mortgage of all or any Part or Parts of certain other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments of or belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in the said Act specified, upon the Credit of the Rents and Profits thereof: And in order to enable certain Persons in the said recited Act specified, to form and make such new Sewers, Watercourses, and Drains as are in and by the said recited Act directed to be formed and made, and to keep the same in Repair, the said Commissioners were by the said Act further empowered, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer, or of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of them, to borrow and take up at Interest from time to time such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, over and above any other Sum or Sums of Money by the said recited Act authorised to be so borrowed and taken up, which they the said Commissioners, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, should judge necessary and expedient for those Purposes; and for securing the Repayment thereof in such Manner and Form and by such Means as thereinbefore mentioned, to grant, demise or mortgage any Part or Parts,

(which to them should seem fit, of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments thereinbefore authorised to be

mortgaged for raising Money for the other Purposes of the said

Act, so as the same Premises should not be included in any prior

subsisting Mortgage which should be made in pursuance of the said Act; and to issue and apply the Money so to be raised,

from time to time as they should see Occasion, in or towards defraying the Expences of forming, making and repairing such new 1 Sewers, Drains and Wydraughts: And Whereas by an Act

£4 o. s. c. 70.

passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the further Improvement of the Land Revenue of the Crown, in order to facilitate

1° GEO. IV.

e.*ri.

271

the raising of the said Sums of Five hundred thousand Pounds and One hundred thousand Pounds, it was enacted, that § 28.

it should and might be lawful for the said Commissioners for executing the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, by and with the Approbation of the said Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and notwithstanding any Provision, Restriction or Clause contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to His Majesty's Land Revenues, to borrow and take up at Interest such Sum or Sums of Money as they the said Commissioners for executing the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year aforesaid, with such Approbation as aforesaid, should judge necessary for the Purposes of the said Act, not exceeding what should then remain to be raised of the said Two Sums of Five hundred thousand Pounds and One hundred thousand Pounds, by any Loan or Loans upon the Credit of the Land Revenues of the Crown: And Whereas the said Commissioners for carrying into Execution the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year aforesaid, did, after the passing of the last recited Act, borrow of the Corporation of the Royal Exchange Assurance the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds, in part of the said several Sums of Five hundred thousand Pounds and One hundred thousand Pounds, on the Credit of the Land Revenues of the Crown: And Whereas by an Act

passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His late 57 G. 3. c. 2 L Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of 4 His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the further Improvement of the Land Revenues of the Crown, ' any Person or Persons whomsoever, or any Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies whatsoever, were empowered to advance or lend any Sum 4 or Sums of Money, or any Part or Parts of the Capital or other Monies or Funds of or belonging to such Person or Persons,

Bodies Politic or Corporate or Companies, not exceeding in Amount what then remained to be raised of the said Two Sums of Five hundred thousand Pounds and One hundred thousand Pounds, to the Commissioners for the time being for executing the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, upon the Credit of the Land Revenues of the Crown, subject and without Prejudice to the Sum so already advanced by the said Royal Exchange Assurance Company, and to the Provisions made by the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third for the Repayment thereof, and for the Payment of the Interest thereof; so as that all such Loans should be made by and with the Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland,

or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, or any Three or more of them, who was and were thereby authorised to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants for that Purpose, notwithstanding any thing contained to the contrary in certain

272 C. 71. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Acts of Parliament therein particularly specified, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, Statute or Charter, Bye Law or Ordinance: And Whereas the said Commissioners for executing the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, have, under the Powers contained in that Act and in the said recited Acts of the Fifty fourth and Fifty seventh Years aforesaid, borrowed and raised the further Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds by a Loan from the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, upon the Credit of the Land Revenues of the Crown: And Whereas 57 G. 3. c. 97. 4 by another Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of

4 His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for ratifying Articles of Agreement entered into by the Right Honourable Henry Hall Viscount Gage, and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and, Land Revenues, and for the better Management and Improvement of the Land Revenues of the §4. 4 Crown; it was enacted, that it should and might be lawful for

the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being, and they were thereby authorised and empowered, from time to time to contract and agree with any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of, and absolutely to make Sale and dispose of, any Part or Parts of the Possessions or Land Revenues of the Crown, within the Ordering and Survey of the Exchequer in England, which should consist of any Royalties, Honours, Hundreds. Manors, Lordships or Franchises; or any Rights, Members or Appurtenances thereof or thereto belonging or appertaining; or any Fines, Issues, Amerciaments, Profits, Dues or Monies arising therefrom, or incident to or receivable in respect thereof; or any Messuages, Lands, Tithes, Rents, Mines, Minerals, Collieries, Woods, Wood Grounds, Fens, Marshes, Waste Lands, or any other Tenements or Hereditaments whatsoever, or any other Revenues of or belonging to the Crown, within the Ordering and Survey aforesaid, which should in their Judgment be desirable to be sold, for the best Prices or Considerations in Money which the said Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, should, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, be able to procure for the same; and that all and every Sum and Sums of Money arising from such Sales should from time to time be paid into the Bank of England, and placed to the Account intituled The Account of the Public Monies of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, being the Woods' and Forests' Fundand that the Monies so paid in should be laid out and applied from time to time by the Order of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being (who were thereby authorised to make Drafts on the Bank for that Purpose) , in the Payment and Discharge of any Purchase Monies for any Estates, Manors, Lordships, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be purchased for and on behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors,

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 71. 273

by the said Commissioners under the Authority of that Act, when and as such Purchase Monies should become due and payable to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, and of all Interest due on such Purchase Monies, and also in the Payment and Discharge of all Expenses incurred in or about the making and completing any Purchases or Sales under the Authority of that Act, and also in the Payment and Discharge of any Incumbrances or Charges affecting any of the Estates and Possessions of His Majesty within the Ordering and Survey of the Exchequer; but that such Monies should not be applicable to or applied or disposed of for any other Use or Purpose whatsoever: And Whereas it will be very advantageous, and tend to the more speedily completing the Improvements now carrying on under the said first recited Act of the Fifty third Year of His late Majesty's Reign, if the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, being also the Commissioners for carrying the said last mentioned Act

into effect, were empowered to apply Part of the said Monies arming* from the said Sales made or to be made by virtue of the said last recited Act of the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of Hia* late Majesty King George the Third, in completing any of the Purchases already contracted for, or hereafter to be made

under the Authority of the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year aforesaid, or otherwise in carrying into effect the several Purposes of the said last mentioned Act, and improving that Part of the Crown Estates comprised therein: And Whereas

Provision is made by the said last recited Act of the Fifty 57 G. 3.C. 97.

seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, for $ 22.

exempting certain Instruments therein mentioned from Duties on Stamps, and Doubts may arise whether such Provisions are sufficient for the Purposes intended, and it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed; but the several Purposes

aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament * May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Time for Time for par-purchasing and valuing the said Houses, Buildings, Erections, chasing Pre-Ground, Tenements and Hereditaments by the said recited Act of , ni*et und» the Fifty third Year aforesaid directed to be purchased and valued, 121

and for paying the Consideration Money, or Money awarded for fng c^sider- the same respectively, shall be extended for the further Period of «tion Money, Three Years, to commence and be computed from the said Tenth extended for Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty; and that Three Years all Purchases and Valuations made or to be made by the said Ju*y 10» Commissioners for carrying into Execution the said recited Act

of the Fifty third Year aforesaid, within the said further Period of Three Years, to commence from the said Tenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, of any of the houses,

Buildings, Erections, Ground, Tenements and Hereditaments directed by the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year aforesaid to be purchased or valued by the said Commissioners, and comprised

274 C. 71. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Powers of 53G.5. c. 121. for Purchase of Premises, &c. extended to this Act.

Treasury may

advance 100,000l. to the Commissioners acting under 53 G. 3. c 121.

Such Sum, with any further Sura granted by Parliament, to be applied to 53 G. 3. c. 121. In what case Moneyso issued to become a Charge upon the Land Revenue, to be repaid to Con-

in the Notices given by the same Commissioners, and of all subsisting Leases, Terms and Interests therein, shall be good and valid, and of as full Force and Effect as if the said Purchases or Valuations had been made by the said Commissioners within the Time limited by the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Authorities, Regulations, Directions, Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things, in the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third contained, relating to the Purchase of any of the Houses, Buildings, Erections, Grounds, Tenements and Hereditaments, and of any subsisting Leases, Terms, Estates and Interests therein, by that Act directed to be purchased, or for ascertaining the Value of any such Premises in case of any Refusal or Inability to treat, or for completing any such Purchases or obtaining Possession of any such Premises, or any other Matter or Thing relating thereto, shall, as far as the same are applicable or can be applied, extend and be construed to extend to this present Act, and shall operate and be in force during the said further Period of Three Years, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Directions, Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and made expressly applicable thereto, and as if the Time for the Completion of the said Purchases had been therein originally extended to the said Period of Three Years from the said Tenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

III. And Whereas the greater Part of the said Sums so already raised as aforesaid have been expended and applied in carrying into Execution the said recited Act of the Fifty third

Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, and the Remainder of such Sums will be inadequate to the completing and effecting the several Purposes of such Act Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, or any Three or more of them, to advance and issue to the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, out of the Supplies granted to His Majesty in this Session of Parliament, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred thousand Pounds; and that the said Sum, and also any further Sums of Money that may be granted by Parliament for the like Purposes, shall be by them applied for the Purposes of the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, and to or for do other Use or Purpose whatsoever; and that whatever Sum or Sums of Money shall be issued as aforesaid shall, whenever the annual Produce of the Land Revenues of the Crown shall cease to be carried unto and form Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and shall be retained by the Crown as Part of its hereditary Revenue, be and

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 71. 275

become a Loan upon such Land Revenue, and such Land Reve- solidated Fund, nue shall be from thenceforth charged and chargeable with the with Interwt Repayment into the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom at 51. per Cent, of Great Britain and Ireland, of the Principal Sum or Sums so l>cr nimm* to be granted, together with Interest for the same, to be computed after the Rate of Five Pounds ucr Centum per Annum from the Time or respective Times at which the said Principal Sum or Sums shall be respectively paid as aforesaid, and such Land Revenues shall thenceforth be applicable to the Repajmient of such Principal Sum or Sums, and to the Payment of such Interest for the same as aforesaid, prior to any other Application thereof, except the Charges attending the Management thereof, and the Payment and Discharge of any Sum or Sums now already charged thereon, or to be charged thereon under or by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, and the Interest thereof, or of so much thereof as shall from time to time remain unpaid and undischarged, and the Interest thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That where the Value of any in what ease Interests in the Houses, Erections, Buildings, Grounds, Tene- Commissionera nu nts and Hereditaments purchased or to be purchased by the with Consent of said Committkmers for executing the said recited Act of the Fifty Trea*"JTto. third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Ultrd, or this Act, or the Considerations to be paid by tin venues for Con.

Commissioners for the same* has been or shall be agreed upon or siderations to ascertained, and such Value or Consideration Money shall remain he paid for unpaid, and the Person or Persons entitled thereto shall be willing Premise *, to receive Securities on the Land Revenues of the Crown for such Value or Consideration Money, in lieu of immediate Payment thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners for executing the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year aforesaid, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer, or of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of them, upon such Conveyances of the said Premises as the said Commissioners for the time being for carrying the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year aforesaid into Execution shall require, being executed and delivered to the said Commissioners, to make out and deliver to the Person or Persons to whom such Purchase Money shall be due, or to their respective Trustees or Trustee, a Certificate under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more of them, in the Form or to the Effect following; that is to say,

IN pursuance of a Warrant from the Lord High Treasurer [or Form of Ccrfrom the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, as tificate to be the case may be], We, A. and B. Two of the Commissioners for g>ted of such executing an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign Security *

of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act 4 [insert the Title of the recited Act of the Fifty Third Year as aforesaid], in Exercise of the Powers vested in us by the said Act, and by another Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act [insert the Title of this Act], do certify that the Sum of

C. 71. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

being the Consideration agreed to be paid to C. D.

[insert the Name or Description of the Person or Persons entitled thereto] for the Purchase of his [her or their] Interest [or Interests] in a Messuage or Dwelling House [state the Nature and Description of the Premises sold], which has [or have] been purchased by the said Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, remains due and unpaid to the said C. Z)., and that the said Sum of being such Purchase Money as aforesaid, is to and shall immediately from the Date thereof, by virtue of the said Acts, become and be a Charge on the whole of the Land Revenues of the Crown, and such Revenues shall (save and except so far as the same are liable for any existing Loans advanced on the Credit thereof) -henceforth be subject and liable to the Payment to the said C.D. his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, of the said Principal Sums so due to him (or them) on the Day of [insert the Time or Times of Payment agreed upon)y and to the Payment of Interest for the same, or for so muen of the said Principal Sum as shall from time to time remain unpaid, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, [or lesser Rate, as the Case may be], such Interest to be computed from the Date hereof, and to be paid without any Deduction, save the Property Tax, if any, for the time being, by Half yearly Payments, until the whole of the said Principal Sum and Interest thereon shall be fully paid and discharged. Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of One thousand eight hundred and . '

And every such Certificate shall be witnessed by one of the Secretaries or Clerks to the said Commissioners, and shall be enrolled in the Office of the Auditor of His Majesty's Land Revenue for the County of Middlesex, on Payment of the usual Fees To be enrolled for such Enrolment; and a Minute or Extract thereof shall be the^LAnd^Re entere^ and preserved in the Office of the said Commissioners of venues. " *is Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and also in a Book to be kept for that Purpose in the Office of the said Commissioners for executing the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third; and every such Certificate, when so given, granted and enrolled, shall be and is hereby declared to be conclusive Evidence of the Purchase Money remaining due to the Person or Persons receiving such Certificate.

LandRevemieB y. And be it further enacted, That when any such Certificate the T'* mem of 8*ia^ 80 8*8ne<* and enrolled, and entered as aforesaid, every

Frinrip*! and Sum or Sums Money therein expressed or acknowledged to Interest. be due as such Purchase Money as aforesaid, shall be and the same is and are hereby charged upon the whole of the said Land Revenues of the Crown, and such Revenues shall from thenceforth be subject and liable to the Payment of the same, and the Interest thereof; and such Principal and Interest shall be paid and satisfied out of the said Revenues, at the Time or Times and in the Manner mentioned and appointed for the Payment thereof in and by every such Certificate; and the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners

1° GEO. IV. C. 71.

for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, is and are hereby authorised, empowered and required to pay such Principal and Interest, when and as the same shall become due and payable, out of the said Land Revenues of the Crown, prior to any other Application thereof, except the Payment of Interest due and payable on any existing Loan or Loans antecedently advanced on the Credit thereof, and except so far as such Revenues are or ought to be applied in the Repayment of any such Loan or Loans.

VI. And Whereas by the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, upon Payment of* legal Tender of the Sum or Sums of Money, Recompence and Satisfaction, which should be agreed for, awarded, or assessed as therein mentioned, certain Powers and Authorities are given to the said Commissioners thereby appointed Be it further enacted, That the said Certificates hereby authorised to be granted by the said Commissioners for any Purchase Monies due to any Person or Persons^ shall on the Delivery of the same be deemed and taken to be, and be equivalent to* and as Payment of any Money agreed for or awarded, for all the Purposes of the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year aforesaid; and all the Powers* Authorities and Provisions in the said last mentioned Act contained, shall and may, on the Delivery of such Certificate, be exercised and carried into effect as fully and amply as if actual Payment of the Principal Money mentioned in such Certificate had been made.

VII. And Whereas by the said recited Act of the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, it was enacted, that in case it should happen that any Payment of Interest accruing upon any Loan or Loans to be made in pursuance of that Act should not be satisfied out of the said Land Revenues within the Space of Three Calendar Months after the same should have become due, or in case any Portion or Part of the Principal of any such Loan or Loans should not be paid or discharged out of the said Land Revenues within the like Space of Three Calendar Months after the same should have become due, the Lord High Treasurer of the United' Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, or any Three or more of them, 4 was and were authorised, empowered and required, upon the Demand or Requisition of the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Company, who should have made such Loan or Loans, or be entitled to such Interest, or such Portion of Principal as should be so in arrear, due or unpaid, to make Payment of such Interest or Principal (as the case might be) which should be so in arrear, due or unpaid, 4 out of any Monies at his or their Disposal granted by Parliament for the Supplies of the then current Year: And Whereas Sums of Money nave been lent and advanced by sundry Persons, 4 Bodies Politic and Corporate, or Companies, to the said Commissioners, under and by virtue of the said recited Acts, which in part have become due and* payable, and the said Commissioners

277

Treasury to pay the same.

53 G.3. c. 121. §32.

Delivery of such Certificate deemed equivalent to Payment in Money, and all Powers of the said Act to be thereupon exercised.

Commissioners under 57 G. 3. c. 24. § 4. with Consent of Treasury, may agree with Persons to whom Payments are in arrear. for prolonging the 'rime of Payment.

278

C. 71.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Agreements for Extension of Time to lie in Writing.

1 n default of Payment at the extended Time agreed on from the Land Revenues, the Treasury shall make Payments out of the Supplies of the then current Year.

have not been enabled out of the Revenues at their Disposal to pay the same; and it is therefore expedient for the 1 Public Service that further Time should be allowed for Payment of the whole of such Loans, with the Consent of the Parties ' who have advanced the same; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners acting under the said recited Acts, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer or of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, to treat and agree with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, who have made such Advances as aforesaid, for extending the Time or respective Times stipulated for Repayment thereoi, or of any Part or Parts thereof, for any further Term or Time which may be agreed upon between the said Commissioners acting under the said recited Acts with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, and such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies as aforesaid, and to permit and allow the same to continue and remain as a Loan or Charge upon the said Land Revenues, at Interest, for such further Time or Times as shall be so agreed upon, without Prejudice to any Security or Securities held by such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or given to him, her or them, by or in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament; and that an Agreement for the Extension of the Time of Payment of such Principal Money, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be made in Writing, under the Hands of the said Commissioners-acting under the said recited Acts, and be indorsed on the Security upon which the same was originally advanced, and shall specify the Period or Periods at which such Principal Money shall be repaid, either altogether or by Instalments, and the Interest thereof shall continue payable in the manner stipulated in the said original Security.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall happen tjiat any Payment of Interest accruing upon any Loan or Loans, of which the Time or Times of Repayment shall be extended in pursuance of this Act, shall not be satisfied out of the said Revenues within the Space of Three Calendar Months after the same shall have become due, or in case all or any Portion or Part of the Principal of any such Loan or Loans shall not be paid or discharged out of the said Land Revenues within the Idee Space of Three Calendar Months after the extended Time or Times at which the same shall be made payable by such new Agreement as aforesaid, that then the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, is and are hereby authorised, empowered and required, upon the Demand or Requisition of the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Company, who shall have made such Loan or Loans, or be entitled to such Interest or such Portion of Principal as shall be so in arrear, due or unpaid, to make Payment of such Interest or Principal (as the case may be) which shall be so in arrear, due or unpaid, and of any Monies at his or their Disposal, granted by

1° GEO. IV. C. 71. 279

Parliament for the Supplies of the then current Year; and every such Demand or Requisition shall be as good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been made within Three Calendar Months next after such Principal Money or any Part or Parts thereof originally became due; and every such Payment shall be as fully authorised, and shall be replaced and made good in such and the like manner, as if the same had been made out of the Monies granted by Parliament for the Supplies of the Year in which such Principal Money or any Part or Parts thereof originally became due; and all and every Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, and Companies, making or entering into any such new Agreement, or extending the Time for Payment of any such Principal Money or any Part or Parts thereof under the same, shall be and is and are hereby authorised and empowered so to do, and shall be fully indemnified in so doing.\ any Act or Acts of Parliament, Charter, Bye Law, Ordinance, Contract or Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And for the more speedily completing the several Purposes f the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, who are hereby authorised to make Drafts on the Bank of England for the purpose, from time to time to lay out and apply, by and with the Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or any Three or more of them, in the Payment and Discharge of any Purchase Monies for any Houses, Buildings, Erections, Ground, Tenements, and Hereditaments directed to be purchased in and by the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year aforesaid by the Commissioners for executing the same, or otherwise in the Execution thereof, and in effecting the Improvements in that Part of the Estates of the Crown comprized in the said last mentioned Act, or purchased iu pursuance thereof such Sum and Sums of Money as to the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues shall seem necessary, out of the Monies arising from the Sale of any Part or Parts of the Possessions or Land Revenues of the Crown within the Ordering and Survey of the Exchequer in England, by the said recited Act of the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third authorised to be sold and disposed of, and which said Monies are by that Act directed to be from time to time paid into the Bank of England and placed to the Account intituled The Account of the Public Monies of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, being the Woods' and Forests* Fundand every such Appropriation of the said Fund, made with such Approbation as aforesaid, shall be good and valid, any thing in the said recited Act of the Fifty seventh Year aforesaid, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to His Majesty's Land Revenue, or to any Property under the Management of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Persons entering into new Agreement, indemnified.

Commissioners of Woods, &c. with Consent of Treasury, may lay out Money out of the I^and Revenues for completing the Purposes of 53 Geo. c. V2\.

Such Monies to be paid into the Bank and placed to the Account herein mentioned.

280 C. 71. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

No Contract, Agreement or ' other Deed liable to Stamp Duty under this or the recited Acts, or any other Act relating to the Land Revenues.

[Proviso.]

Powers of recited Acte (Exception) extended to this Act.

Money to be raised not Co exceed 200,000l. in addition to the Sum already raised.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Minute, Memorandum, Certificate, Contract, Agreement, Articles of Agreement, or other Settlement, to be hereafter made or entered into by or with the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, for or relating to the Purchase or Sale of any Estates, Manors, Lordships, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to be sold or purchased under the Provisions of any of the hereinbefore recited Acts or of this Act, nor any Deed or Conveyance, Mortgage, Assignment, or other Instrument, to be made, executed or signed by any Person or Persons for the carrying any Purchases or Sales into Execution, which have been already made in pursuance of the said recited Acts, or which shall; be hereafter made in pursuance of the said recited Acts or of this Act, or of any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to His Majesty's Land Revenue, nor any Certificate, Contract or Receipt, Deed, Covenant, Conveyance, Mortgage, Assignment, Agreement, Indemnity or other Instrument whatsoever, to be given or granted, entered into or made, to or with any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, Company or Companies, Commissioner or Commissioners, Trustee or Trustees, by the Lord High Treasurer, or by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, or by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and

Land Revenues, under the Authority of any of the hereinbefore mentioned Acts, or of this Act, or of any other Act now in force, or which may hereafter be passed relating to the Land Revenue of the Crown, nor any Deea, Agreement or other Instrument to be made for extending the Time for the Repayment of any Loan or Loans now charged on the said Land Revenue, shall be subject or liable to any ad valorem or other Stamp Duty whatsoever imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, or hereafter to be imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament, unless the same be specially subjected thereto and specifically charged therewith in and by such future Act and Acts of Parliament.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all the said hereinbefore recited Acts (except so far as the same are hereby altered) shall remain in as full Force and Effect as if this Act had not been passed; and that all the Powers, Provisions, Authorities, Regulations, Directions, Clauses, Matters and Things therein contained, which can or may be rendered applicable to this present Act, shall extend, and be deemed, construed and taken to extend, to this present Act, and be in all respects applicable thereto, and to the Purposes thereof, in like manner and as fully and effectually as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in this Act, mutatis mutandis.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorise or empower the Commissioners acting in Execution of the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, to raise for the Purposes of such Act, by all or any of the Means before mentioned, any Sum or Sums of Money exceeding in the whole Two hundred thousand Pounds, over and above all other Sums already raided under or by virtue of the

1° GEO. IV. C. 71, 72. 281

Powers or Authorities given to or vested in them by the said recited Acts, or' any or either of them: Provided always, that whatever Sum or Sums of Money shall be granted by Parliament for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of the said Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds.

XIII. And whereas it may happen that some of the Persons interested in the said Houses, Buildings, Erections, Grounds, Tenements and Hereditaments yet remaining to be purchased under the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, may be desirous of having their Interests valued, and the Purchases thereof completed, within a shorter Period than the said Term of Three Years; and it is expedient

that Provision should be made for such Cases Be it therefore further enacted, That in case any of the Owners, Proprietors, Trustees, or other Persons interested in any of the Houses, Buildings, Erections, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so remaining to be purchased as aforesaid, shall give Notice in Writing to the said Commissioners or their Secretary, that they are desirous to have their Interests valued, and the Price or Consideration Money to be paid for the same ascertained forthwith, and the Purchase thereof speedily completed; then and in every such Case the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, within Three Calendar Months after the Receipt of every such Notice, to cause the Value of the Interest of the Person or Persons giving such Notice to be assessed and ascertained by a Jury in the manner directed by the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year aforesaid, unless the same shall in the intermediate time be agreed upon or ascertained by any other means; and shall, within the Space of Nine Calendar Months after the Receipt of every such Notice, cause the Purchase of the respective Interests of the Person or Persons giving such Notice to be completed, and the Value so agreed upon, assessed or ascertained as aforesaid, to be paid in manner directed by the said recited Act; any thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

[15th July 1820.]

[This Act is the same as 59 G. S. c. 65. except as to Dates and Sums and the Sections that are here inserted.]

III. And be it further enacted, That such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole Fifteen Pounds in Money, or Thirty Pounds Stock or Annuities in any of the Public Funds, for every Ticket to be contained in the said Lottery or Lotteries, as shall be fixed upon for the Purpose by the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall be distributed in Prizes or Benefits to be drawn in the said Lottery or Lotteries, or allotted to {he Owner or Owners of any First or Last drawn Ticket or Tickets or of any Ticket or Tickets to be drawn between the First and Last as a fixed Prize or fixed Prizes,

on

[Proviso.]

Premises may be valued as herein mentioned and purchased within a shorter Period than Three Years, on Notice.

Provisa

A Sum not exceeding 151. or 301. Stock for every Ticket, shall be divided into Prises, and paid out of the Supplies granted this Session.

28'2

C. 72.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Treasury may annul Licences.

Persons convicted of Offences shall forfeit their Licence,

Commissioners may refuse Licence.

Persons counterfeiting Licences, or using such as are counterfeit, shall forfeit 5001. Sc c.

on any particular Day or Days, in such Proportions and in such Manner as the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them shall direct, and the same shall be charged upon and be paid and payable out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies granted in this present Session of Parliament for Great Britain; and the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, are hereby required and authorised, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands, to cause such Sum or Sums of Money to be issued and paid out of the said Aids or Supplies to the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by him distributed and paid to and amongst the respective Proprietors of the several Fortunate or Benefit Tickets, within Two Months after the Conclusion of the Drawing of such Lottery or Lotteries respectively, or as soon as Certificates can be made out for the Sums due in respect of the same, in the manner hereinafter directed.

XXXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury at their Discretion, at any time, and for any Cause to them appearing proper, to direct such Licence or Licences as aforesaid to be annulled and made void, and to order and direct Notice thereof to be given to the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, and to the Person or Persons so licensed, upon which the same shall be absolutely void and of no Effect; and if any Person or Persons to whom any such Licence or Licences as aforesaid shall be granted, shall be prosecuted and convicted of any Offence against this Act, whether on Prosecution of the Bond to be given in pursuance of this Act, or for any Penalty under this Act, or as a Rogue and Vagabond, or in case any Person or Persons so licensed shall, in the Opinion of the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, misconduct himself or themselves in any Act, Matter or Thing relating to the Business of or in anywise concerning the Lottery, and the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties shall, after hearing the Parties charged with such Misconduct, be of Opinion that he is or they are guilty thereof, then such Licence or Licences granted as aforesaid by virtue of this Act shall be absolutely void and of no Effect; and the said Commissioners may, in either of the said Cases, if they shall think proper, refuse to grant to such Person or Persons a Licence under any future Act of Parliament which may be made and passed for granting to His Majesty or His Successors a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall forge or counterfeit, or cause to be forged or counterfeited, or assist in forging or counterfeiting any Licence authorised to be made by this Act for the Purpose aforesaid, or shall fraudulently alter or cause to be altered or assist in altering any such Licence $s shall be really granted under this Act, or shall knowingly make use of any such forged, counterfeited or altered Licence, such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, One Moiety thereof to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him that shall prosecute or sue for the same, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's 15 Courts

1° GEO. IV. C. 72. 283

Courts of Record at Westminster, in relation to Licences granted in Great Britain, and at Dublin as to Licences granted in Ireland, in which no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and shall be also subject to Imprisonment for such Term not exceeding Six Months as the Court in which the Party offending shall be convicted shall appoint.

XXXV. And Whereas many evil-disposed Persons, to evade the Provisions of the Acts made to punish Persons guilty of insuring for or against the Drawing ot Tickets, more particularly

described in this Act, have empowered and authorised, and do

empower and authorise Agents for them to take Money for such illegal Contracts, and have in their Custody or Possession, Account or Accounts, Statement or Statements, Memorandum or Memorandums in Writing of such illegal Contracts entered into Be it therefore enacted, That upon Information upon Oath made before any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, stating any Person to be a reputed Lottery Insurer, and in the Opinion of the Informer to be in Possession of Books, Papers or Memorandums of illegal Contracts entered into relating to Lottery Insurances, it shall be lawful for, and such Magistrate or Justice of the Peace is hereby required to issue his Warrant, directed to a Constable or Officer of Police, to empower him with proper Assistance to search the Person of the said reputed Lottery Insurer, to enter the Dwelling Place and Premises of such Person, and search for and seize all such Papers, Accounts or Memorandums; and if any such be found either upon such or any other Person or Persons in the same Dwelling Place, or in or about the same Dwelling Place or Premises, or if any Memorandums of Insurance in the Lottery or Little Goe should be found at the time of such Search, written in Chalk or otherwise upon or about the Dwelling Place or Premises, then to apprehend and bring the said Person or Persons against whom such Warrant shall have been issued, with such Person or Persons upon whom such Lottery or Little Goe Insurance Papers, Accounts or Memorandums were found, before Two Magistrates or Justices of the Peace, and upon Proof before them by Two credible Witnesses upon Oath that such Papers, Accounts or Memorandums do appear to the best of their Knowledge and Belief to relate to any Little Goe, or to Insurance in any Lottery or in any Little Goe, whether the same Little Goe or Lottery shall have been actually drawn or not, or upon Proof in like manner that such Memorandums were written in Chalk or otherwise on or about the Premises of the Person against whom such Warrant shall have been issued, which could not be brought away without injuring the Premises, such Person or Persons are to be deemed Rogues and Vagabonds, and punished as such.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Share or Agreement for a Share of every Ticket so to be divided shall have written or printed thereon Words or Figures to this Effect; (that is to say,)

Lottery Insurers in whose Premises Papers relating to J nsurance are found, &c. shall be punished as Hogues and Vagabonds.

Evidence ol* Two Witnesses.

« FIRST

C. 72.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Form Of Shares ' FIRST [SECOND, THIRD, FOURTH, FIFTH, SIXTH, of rickets. A or SEVENTH, as the Case may be] LOTTERY, for the 1 Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

(or as the Share may he.)

THE Bearer of this Share will be entitled to One Part of such Benefit as shall belong to the Ticket numbered as above in the First, Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth or Seventh Lottery [as the Case may be] to be drawn, by virtue of an Act passed in the ffirst Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in Great Britain.

Chances to be

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of the following Person or Persons, so licensed as aforesaid, to issue and sell the Chance of any particular Benefit or Benefits that may belong to any Ticket in any of the said Lotteries, or the Chance of all the Benefits that may belong to any such Ticket, except any particular Benefit or Benefits which shall be specified, and that every such Chance or Agreement for such Chance shall be made out, written or printed m Words or Figures to this Effect; (that is to say,)

Form,

THIRST, [SECOND, THIRD, ' A FOURTH, FIFTH, SIXTH, ' or SEVENTH] LOTTERY, [as

the Case may be] One thousand

eight hundred and twenty.

THE Bearer of this Chance will receive the Ticket numbered as above, now deposited at the Stamp Office in

London [or Dublin, as the Case may be], if entitled to any

t Benefit above or under Pounds, (or to any

1 Benefit whatever, save and except, specifying the Exception, as the Case may be.) A.B.

Licensed as the Act directs. '

which Chances (with Consent, of Treasury) may be sold.

Offenders adjudged Rogues and Vagabonds may be committed.

And that it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons so licensed as aforesaid, (by and with the Consent and Approbation of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, first had and obtained in Writing for that Purpose, at the Foot of any Lottery Scheme hereafter approved or to be approved) , to sell the Chance of any Share of any Ticket in any of the said Lotteries; provided that the same Regulations are observed as with respect to the Shares and Chances of Tickets are directed to be observed by this Act.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be brought before any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Liberty or Place where any Offence against this Act shall have been committed, and shall be convicted of any

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 72, 73. 285

Offence or Offences against this Act by such Justices, and shall be adjudged a Rogue and Vagabond, then and in every such Case such Justices snail and they are hereby required to order such Offender to be sent to the House of Correction, there to remain for any Space of Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, nor less than One Calendar Month; and if such Person shall have been convicted of a like Offence under this or any former Act for granting to His Majesty any Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries, then and in that case, in addition to the Imprisonment and Punishment last mentioned, it shall be lawful for such Two or more Justices as aforesaid, at their Discretion, to order the Offender or Offenders to be privately whipped; and any such Adjudication or Conviction under this Act may be in the Form following, mutatis mutandis; (that is to say),

MMdteexj To the Keeper of

WHEREAS A.B. of in the County of

Middlesex, is this Day duly convicted before us, C.D. and 4 E. F. Two of the Justices of our Lord the King assigned to keep the Peace of our said Lord the King in and for the said County, and also to hear and determine divers Felonies, Tres-

passes and other Misdemeanors committed within the said

County, for that he the said A.B. at in the

said County, on the Day of

4 [state the Offence'] against the Form of the Statute made in the

First Year of the Reign of our said Lord the King, intituled An

Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries; and the said A.B. naving for such Offence been adjudged a Rogue and Vagabond by us the said Justices within

the Intent and Meaning of the said Statute, we do order that the said A.B. be committed, and the said A.B. is hereby by

us accordingly committed to the House of Correction at

in and for the said County of Middlesex, there to remain for the Space of now next ensuing: And we do hereby require the Keeper of the said House of Correction to receive into his Custody the Body of the said

A.B. herewith sent, and him to safely keep and detain in the said House of Correction accordingly. Given under our Hands and Seals, et cetera, ct cetera.

And such Proceedings shall not be subject to Appeal, nor shall be removed or removable by Certiorari or otherwise into any Court whatever.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act to extend the Period allowed to Persons compounding for their Assessed Taxes, and to give further Relief in certain cases therein mentioned.

[24th July 1820.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to relieve Persons compounding for their Assessed Taxes from an annual Assessment for the Term of Three Years from the Sixth Day of January One thousand eight hundred

Proceedings not removable by Certiorari.

59G..T. c. 5l.

§ 1.

28 6

C. 73.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Certificates of Compositions entered into by Commissioners on or before Nov. 50, 1819, confirmed.

Commissioners may contract upon Offers to compound made on or before Nov. 50,

1819, provided the Certificates of Contracts are executed before Dec. 31.

1820.

+and twenty, all Persons assessed to the said Duties for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, were enabled to compound for the same, on the Terms and Conditions therein contained, with the respective Commissioners for executing the Acts relating to the said Duties, at any time on or before the Thirty first Day of October One thousand eight hundred and nineteen: And Whereas the Commissioners for executing the said Acts in several Districts have executed and delivered Contracts of Composition after the said Thirty first Day of October One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and in other Districts have received from Persons desirous of compounding or entitled to have compounded before the said Thirty first Day of October One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, Offers to compound under the Terms and Conditions of the said Act, but may not have executed the same; and it is expedient that all Compositions which have been so entered into after the Thirty first Day of October One thousand eight hundred and nineteen should be confirmed, and that the Time should be extended for completing Certificates of Composition upon Offers to compound under the Terms and Conditions of the said Act, which were delivered to the said Commissioners, or their respective Clerks, under the Regulations of the said Act, on or before the Thirtieth Day of November One thousand

eight hundred and nineteen Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Certificates of Composition which have been entered into and signed by the said respective Commissioners and the Parties compounding; at any time after the said Thirty first Day of October, and on or before the said Thirtieth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, shall he and the same are hereby declared to be confirmed and valid, and of the like Force and Effect, and subject to the like Powers and Conditions for Payment, as if the same Compositions had been made and entered into within the Time limited by the said Act; and all and every Person or Persons, Commissioners and others, who shall or may have been in any manner concerned in advising or assenting to or executing such Compositions, in such cases and in such manner and under the like Circumstances as hereinbefore mentioned, shall be and they and every of them are and is hereby fully and effectually indemnified for so doing.

II. And be it further enacted, That in every case wherein the said respective Commissioners have received any Offer to compound after the said Thirty first Day of October and on or before the said Thirtieth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and may not have completed the Contracts of Composition before the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said respective Commissioners, being satisfied that the Party so offering to compound was entitled to compound before the Day limited by the said Act as aforesaid for that purpose, and they are hereby authorised and required, to enter into Composition with such Person or Persons respectively, according to the Provisions of the said Act and of this Act; provided the Certificates of such

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 7S. 287

Compositions respectively shall be executed by the said Commissioners and the Party so compounding on or before the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twenty; and which Certificates of Composition, when executed by the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, and by the Party aforesaid, in the manner by the said Act directed, shall be of the like Force and Effect, and subject to the like Powers and Conditions for Payment, to all Intents, as if the said Composition had been entered into within the Time by the said Act limited as aforesaid; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And Whereas it is expedient to extend the Provisions of the said Act in the cases hereinafter described Be it further enacted, That where any Person or Persons assessed in the Year ending on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen for a Carriage or Carriages with Four Wheels, as described in the Schedule marked D. No. 1. of the Acts relating to Assessed Taxes, shall have entered into Composition for the same under the said Act, or shall enter into Composition for the same under this Act, and not for a Carriage with less than Four Wheels, as described in the Schedule marked D. No. 2. of the said Acts, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons to set up, keep and use, during the Period of Three Years, limited by the said Act of the Fifty ninth Year aforesaid, any such Carriage or Carriages with less than Four Wheels, free of Duty; and where any Person or Persons shall in like manner have been assessed and compounded for any such Carriage or Carriages with less than Four Wheels, and not for any such Carriage with Four Wheels, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons to set up, keep and use, daring the like Period of Three Years, any such Carriage or Carriages with Four Wheels, free of Duty; and where any Person or Persons shall have been so assessed for any Male Servant as described in the Schedule marked C. No. 1. of the said Acts, and shall have compounded for the same under the said Act of the Fifty ninth Year aforesaid, or shall compound for the same under this Act, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons, during the Period of his, her or their respective Compositions, to retain, keep and employ any Male Person or Number of Male Persons described in any other Schedule marked C. No. 2. or No. 8. of the said Acts, free of Duty; and where any Person or Persons shall have been so assessed in respect of any Horse, Mare or Gelding kept for the purpose of riding, or drawing any Carriage chargeable with Duty, as described in the Schedule marked E. of the said Acts, and shall have compounded for the same under the said Act of the Fifty ninth Year aforesaid, or shall compound for the same under this Act, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons, during the Period of his, her or their respective Compositions, to keep any Horse, Mare or Gelding, not exceeding the Height of Thirteen Hands, and used for the purpose of riding, or drawing any Carriage last aforesaid, free of Duty granted by an Act passed in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty; and where any Person or Persons shall have been so assessed in respect of any Greyhound chargeable with the Duty of Twenty Shillings, or any Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Lurcher,

Terrier

Proviso for Persons entering into Compositions for Four Wheel Carriages,

and for Poisons compounding for Carriage* with less than Four Wheels,

and for Persons compounding for Male Servants to the higher Duty,

and for Persons compounding for Horses,

59 G. 3. c. 15.

§ 3.

and for Persons compounding for Dogs,

C. 73.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

and for Persons so compounding in respect of Articles free of Duty.

Proviso for effective Members of Volunteer Corps of Yeomanry as to the Duty on Hones.

59 G. A.C. 118.

6.

51 G.3. c. 72.

5 I.

Terrier or other Dog chargeable with the like Duty of Fourteen Shillings, in and by the Schedule marked G. of the said Acts, and shall have compounded for any such Dog under the said first mentioned Act of the Fifty ninth Year aforesaid, or shall compound for the same under this Act, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons, during the Period of his, her or their Composition, to keep any Dog or Dogs, or any Number of such Dogs, of any of the Descriptions aforesaid, chargeable with the same Duties of Twenty Shillings and Fourteen Shillings respectively, or either of them, free of Duty; and all and every such Person and Persons respectively so compounding or having compounded as aforesaid, and who is or are hereby authorised to keep or use any Article or Articles herein described free of Duty, shall be freed and exonerated from all Assessments under the said Acts relating to Assessed Taxes, as fully and effectually as he, she or they would have been, if the said Article or Articles had been of the same Description, and included in the same Schedule of the said Acts, with the Article or Articles on which the Composition shall have been or shall be made v any thing in the said first herein mentioned Act of the Fifty ninth Year aforesaid contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons and Person, being respectively effective Members of any Volunteer Corps of Yeomanry, who shall have compounded for their Assessed Taxes under the said Act, or shall be entitled to compound for the same under this Act, shall, from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, during the Continuance of such Composition, be entitled to the like Exemptions, in respect of their or his Horse or Horses used in the said Corps, as they respectively would have been entitled to in case no such Composition had been entered into, and whether such Composition shall include any assessed Horse or Horses or not; and also, during the Continuance of such Composition, shall be entitled to the like Privileges and Immunities in respect of any additional Horse or Horses by them or.him kept as aforesaid, as they or he would have been entitled to had such Composition been entered into in respect of one or more assessed Horse or Horses, in the Cases, and in the Manner, and subject to the Conditions contained in the Schedule annexed to this Act.

V. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty ninth Year of

the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to give Relief in certain Cates of Assessments of Taxes in Great Britain, and to Persons compounding for their Assessed Taxes in Ireland, from an annual Assessment for Three Years from the Sixth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, Provision is ' made for authorising Persons to compound for their Assessed

Taxes in Ireland in the manner therein contained: And Whereas by another Act, passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of c His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for granting Exemptions in certain Cases from the Payment of the Duties charged tn re- meet of Servants, Carriages, Horses and Dogs kept in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, Provision is also made for relieving Persons residing partly in Great Britain and partly in Ireland from Payment of the Duties of Assessed Taxes for the

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. 289 C. 73.

same Establishment of Servants, Carriages, Horses and Dogs, in the same Year, in both Parts of the United Kingdom: And Whereas it may happen that Persons partly residing in Great Britain and partly in Ireland, may have compounded or shall compound for their Assessed Taxes in England, and afterwards remove to Ireland, and that such Persons may in like manner compound for their Assessed Taxes in Ireland and afterwards remove to England; and it is expedient that such Persons respectively should have the Benefit of their respective Compositions in each Part of the United Kingdom, in order to their Relief from Double Assessment, in like manner as is provided by the said Act passed in the Fifty first Year aforesaid with respect to annual Assessments; Be it therefore enacted, That the Yearly Sum payable on any Composition entered into in Great Britain on. Removal of the Person so compounding to Ireland, and the Yearly Sum payable on any Composition entered into in Ireland on Removal of the Person so compounding to Great Britain, shall severally and respectively be deemed, received and taken in Ireland and Great Britain respectively as a Yearly Assessment to the Amount of Duty payable on Servants, Horses and Carriages respectively in that Part of the United Kingdom in which such Composition was entered into, and which the Party might by virtue thereof keep and use.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Composition entered or to be entered into by Commissioners of Districts, in which the Amounts of Taxes compounded for have been assessed wholly or in part out of the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners, Parties to the said Composition, is declared to be as valid and effectual as if the whole Amount of Taxes contained therein had been assessed by them, any thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and all Assessments out of the said District included in the said Certificate of Composition shall be discharged in the respective Districts where the same were made by the Commissioners acting for the same respectively, on the Certificate of the Commissioners by whom the Composition was entered into; and all Discharges heretofore made for the same Cause are hereby declared to be valid, and all Commissioners, Officers and other Persons who have acted in directing or discharging the same Assessments are hereby indemnified in so doing; provided that in every Case of Composition to be executed after the passing of this Act, Two of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall, by their Certificate, countersigned by their Secretary, certify the same to the Commissioners of the respective Districts in which such Composition shall be intended to be made and in which the Taxes shall be assessed, and upon such Certificates being transmitted to the respective Commissioners aforesaid, they are hereby respectively required to enter into such Composition, or to vacate and discharge such Assessments accordingly.

VII. And Whereas by the said first recited Act, passed in the Fifty ninth Year aforesaid it is directed that the Duties on inhabited Houses and on Windows and Lights contained in the Schedules marked A. and B., or either of them, in the Acts relating to the Assessed Taxes, shall be compounded for separate and distinct from all and every the other Duties therein mentioned,

Persons compounding in England or Ireland, to have the like Relief on Removal from Double Assessment, as is provided by 51 G.3. c. 72. in respect to annual Assessments.

Compositions for Taxes in One District, of Persons assessed elsewhere, con-finned.

Indemnity to Parties;

and, upon Certificate, Discharges in other Districts allowed.

59 G. 3. c. 51.

§ 2.

Compositions for Houses and Windows and other Assessed Taxes in One

C. 7S.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Contract confirmed;

and ttic Commissioner* to distinguish the Proportions of Duty by Indorsement on the Certificate.

Co*&Mt*<ea-

tered into by Party, having paid instalment but not signed, may be signed by Agent.

Such Contracts binding, though not signed.

In what cases where Certificates prepared but not signed.

tioned, by reason that on the Removal of the Person compound ing for the Dwelling House, in respect of which the Duties in the said Schedules shall have been compounded for, the Composition in respect of the said Dwelling House is directed to cease «nd determine on the Fifth Day of April next after such H Removal: And whereas in some Cases the Commissioners of '< certain Districts have allowed Persons to compound for all the said Dtfties in and by one Certificate of Composition, without

distinguishing the said respective Duties; v Be it further enacted That in all such Cases last mentioned it shall be lawful for any Two Commissioners acting for the Division in which such Certificate of Composition shall have been entered into, and they are hereby required, to certify by Indorsement on such Certificate, and also in the Abstracts of such Compositions, the particular Duties charged in respect of such Dwelling House under the Schedules A. and B. aforesaid, with the Amount of the Composition thereon, and to distinguish the same from the rest of the Duties so compounded for, with the Instalments payable on each Description of Duty, in like manner as if the same had been compounded for under separate Certificates of Composition; and the same Certificates of Composition shall be enforced under the Powers of the said Act and this Act, in respect to all or any Part -of the respective Instalments thereby payable under the Provisions of the said Act or this Act; and all and every such Certificates «of Composition shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be, as valid and <of the same Force and Effect in respect to the Continuance of the Composition for each Description of Duty, and "enforcing the Payment of the same under the Powers of the said recited Act or of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Composition for the Duties on Houses and Windows had been unade separate and distinct from the Remainder of the said Duties compounded for by such Certificate under the Provisions of the said Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That where by Absence, Sickness or other reasonable Cause, Persons who have given Notice to compound under the said recited Act passed in the Fifty ninth Tear aforesaid, may have been prevented from signing their respective Contracts of Composition, but have paid or discharged one or more Instalment or Instalments due thereon, it shall be lawful for him, her or them to sign such Contract or Contracts himself or herself, or by any Agent or Agents to be appointed for that Purpose by him or her, in Writing under his or her Hand, duly attested and certified to the Commissioners acting for the District in which such Composition shall be made; and the Appointment or Authority for such Agent to wgn the said Contract shall be free of any Stamp Duty, and the same being delivered to the Commissioners of the said last-mentioned District or their Clerk, shall be a sufficient Authority for the Agent so appointed to sign such Certificate of Contract; and all Contracts on which any Instalment shall be paid, although not signed by the Party or his or her Agent, shall be binding on him or her, as if the same had been duly signed under the Provisions of the said Act; and in all cases where Certificates of Composition prepared on Notices by the Parties compounding under the said recited Act or this Act

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 73. 291

shall not be signed by such Parties or their Agents, and any Instal- such Certificate* ment or Instalments shall not be paid thereon for the Space of Eight Months after the passing of this Act, such Certificates of r^r^dnnl Composition shall be null and void, and the several Commissioners levied, in the respective Districts are hereby authorised and reouired to restore the Assessment on such Persons in respect of which such Certificates of Composition were prepared and intended to be made, and to cause the same to be levied and collected to all Intents and Purposes as if Notices of such Composition had not been given by the Persons so intending to compound and neglecting to complete their Compositions as aforesaid; and if any such Composition or any Portion thereof shall have been made on an Assessment out of the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners Parties to the said Composition, then such Commissioners shall certify the same to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, with the Amount of the Taxes so contracted for, and the District of Assessment; and the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes are hereby required to certify the same to the Commissioners of the District of Assessment, who shall, on Receipt thereof, cause the said Assessments to be restored as well for the Year in which the Composition was made as for the subsequent and all future Years, and collected together with the other Assessed Taxes, as if Notice of such Composition had not been given as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in default of Payment of In default of the respective Instalments on any Composition entered or to be Payment of In-entered into under the Provisions of the said recited Act or of this ^fthjfcoii^ Act, on the respective Days of Payment specified in the respective to levy, a Sche-Certificates of Contracts for such Compositions, and of Neglect of dule of Arrears the ref ctive Collectors to distrain for the same under the War- to be given in.

rant o he Commissioners, it shall be lawful for any such Collector, and he is hereby required, immediately upon any such Default m Payment of any such Instalment, to deliver or cause to be delivered to the Commissioners acting for the District in which such Composition shall have been made, or to the Receiver General acting for the said Duties or his Deputy, a Schedule in Writing containing the Particulars of such Default, with an Affidavit subscribed and verified by such Collector before any Commissioner acting for the said Duties, that the Amount of such Instalment or Instalments to be contained in such Schedule, is or are due and unpaid to such Collector or to any other Person for him to the best of his Knowledge and Belief; and every such The Certificates Schedule being certified under the Hand of the Receiver General, jj^he '

or his Deputy, of the County or Division where the said Arrears of

accrued, to the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, shall be re- Process, ceived and taken as sufficient Evidence of a Debt due to His Majesty, and shall be a sufficient Authority to the Barons of the said Court, or any one of them, to cause Process to be issued against such Defaulter named in the said Schedule, to levy the whole Sum in arrear and unpaid by such Defaulter; and the Sheriff or other Officer to whom the said Process shall be directed, shall without Delay cause the whole Sum in arrear to be levied by due Course of Law, as a Debt to His Majesty on Record, with all Costs and Expenses attending the same, and shall pay the Monies Cost *, so levied, after deducting the said Costs and Expenses, to the said

292

C. 7S.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Rules in Schedule deemed Part of Act.

Act may be altered, &c. this Session.

Receiver General or his Deputy, and shall make Return of the said Process to the said Court, according to the due Course thereof.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Provision* and Rules contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, shall severally be deemed a Part of this Act, as if each Provision and Rule had been inserted herein under a special Enactment.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be varied, altered or repealed by any Act to be made in the present Session of Parliament.

The SCHEDULE (A.) to which this Act refers.

CASES of Relief to effective Members of Corps of Yeomanry

Cavalry.

First Case. — Every effective Member of any such Corps, who at the Time of entering into, or giving Notice to enter into Composition for his As&ssed Taxes under the said Acts, or either of them, who shall not by reason of such Service have been assessed for any Horse, Mare or Gelding in the Year ending the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, shall be entitled to and may exercise the like Privileges in keeping and using more or additional Horses, Mares or Geldings free of Duty during the Time he shall continue such effective Member, and shall use or provide such Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horses, Mares or Geldings, in such Service, as if such Member had beeu assessed and made Composition for the same Horse, Mare or Gelding, or Horses, Mares or Geldings, on Payment annually of One Shilling for every Twenty Shillings of the Duty so exempted.

Second Case. — Every effective Member of any such Corps, who shall keep One Horse, Mare or Gelding, and no more, and who hath not been assessed for any other Article mentioned in the Acts relating to Assessed Taxes (his Dwelling House excepted) , may, within Three Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, enter into Composition in respect of such One Horse, Mare or Gelding, on Payment annually of the Sum of Three 'Shillings, computed from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, during the Period of such Composition, and his continuing in the said Corps as such effective Member.

Third Case. — Every Person who hath entered or shall enter into Composition for his Assessed Taxes under the said Act or this Act, and who hath afterwards or shall become an effective Member of any such Corps, shall be entitled to the like Exemptions for any Horse, Mare or Gelding used or provided by him, in like manner as if no such Composition had been entered into by him; all which Privileges, Immunities and Exemptions shall:.be granted and allowed according to the following Rules:

First Rule. — The Amount of Composition payable in pursuance of the Provisions in the first of the said Cases shall be ascertained and settled by Two of the Commissioners acting for the Assessed Taxes in the same District in which the Composition shall have been made, and certified by them under their Hands

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 73. 293

by Endorsement on the Certificate or Contract of such Composition, on the Production thereof, and of the Certificate of effective Service, as provided by the said Acts relating to the Assessed Taxefe, and which Certificate the said Commissioners for their respective Districts are hereby required and authorised to endorse and sign accordingly; and the Sum so charged and added to the 'Amount of the said Composition in and by such Certificate, and to the Abstract thereof, snail and may be levied and recovered by the same Instalments and in like manner as the Amount of Composition inserted in the Body of the said Contract, and in addition thereto.

Second Rule. — The Amount to be charged in the Second Case before mentioned shall be inserted in each annual Assessment for the same Parish or Place in which the Exemption shall have been claimed, and shall be collected therewith, and levied and accounted for as in other Cases of Assessed Taxes.

Third Rule. — The respective Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said Acts in their respective Districts, shall and are hereby authorised and required, on the Production of the Certificate of effective Service for any one Year, in the Manner prescribed by the Schedule marked E. in the Acts relating to Assessed. Taxes, and the Certificate of Contract and Composition by such Person or Persons, by Certificate under the Hands of any Two of the said Commissioners, to be endorsed on the said last mentioned Certificate, to remit and deduct from the annual Amount payable on such Contract, but nevertheless for the particular Year only in and for which such Certificate of effective Service shall have been produced, and such Exemption shall have been acquired, a Sum equal to the Amount of Duty for any such Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horses, Mares or Geldings, in respect of which such Exemptions shall have been so acquired, and to discharge the Amount from the Abstract of Composition prepared by the said Commissioners, in like manner as they would have discharged the same from the annual Assessment for such particular Year of Exemption in case such Compositions had not been entered into; and in all Cases where such Exemptions shall have been claimed and established for and in respect of the Year ending the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and the Instalments on such Composition shall have been paid for that Year, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to certify the Amount of Duty so discharged by reason of the said Exemption for the said Year, with the Cause thereof, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and in that case it shall 'be lawful for the said Commissioners to order and direct the Receiver General of the County, Riding or Division, in which such Composition shall have been entered into, to repay the same to the Party, which Order shall be an Authority to such Receiver General to make such Payment, and the same shall be allowed in his Accounts.

294 C. 74. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

The Regulations for the Extraction, Manufacture, Distillation, Rectification and Compounding of Corn Spirits, shall be repealed, except as to the Recovery of Arrears and Penalties.

Duties herein mentioned shall be levied.

Duties on Wort and Wash from Corn.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act to grant certain Duties in Scotland upon Wadi and Spirits made from Corn or Grain, and upon Licences for making and keeping of Stills; and to consolidate and amend the Laws for the Distillation of such Spirits for Home Consumption; and for better preventing private Distillation in Scotland.

[24th jy, 1820.]

WHEREAS the Regulations for the Extraction, Manufacture, Distillation, Rectification and Compounding of 8piriU for Home Consumption in Scotland, have become numerous and complicated, mid it will tend to the public Benefit to consolidate and simplify the same, and to abolish all Distinctions, Limitations and Restrictions between the Highland and Lowland and intermediate Districts in Scotland, as described in any Act or Acts relating to the Distilleries in Scotland: And Whereas the Duties payable in Scotland upon Wort, Wash and Spirits,

and Distillers' Licences, will expire on the Tenth Day or November One thousand eight hundred and twenty May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Ninth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty, all and singular the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions, for the Extraction, Manufacture, Distillation, Rectification and Compounding of Spirits from Corn or Grain, malted or unmalted, for Horae Consumption in Scotland; and all and singular the Distinctions, Limitations and Restrictions, between the Highland and Lowland and intermediate Districts in Scotland^ as described in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Distilleries in Scotland, in force immediately before the passing of this Act, shall be and the same are hereby repealed; save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying of any Arrears of Dutyrespectively which shall or may then remain unpaid, or of any Pine, Penalty or Forfeiture respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time under the said Acts, or any of them, at any time before the said Ninth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

II. And be it further enacted, That upon and after the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the several Duties of Excise hereinafter mentioned; that is to say,

For every Gallon of Wort or Wash, brewed or made in any Pm or Place in Scotland, from any Malt, Corn, Grain or Tilts, or any Mixture with the same, for extracting Spirits for Consumption in Scotland:

Where such Wort or Wash, before any Fermentation is produced or excited, shall be of a Gravity not exceeding Eighty

295 A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 74.

one, as indicated by Allan s Saccharometer, the Sum of Eight Pence Halfpenny:

Where such Wort or Wash, before any Fermentation is produced or excited, shall be of a Gravity not exceeding Seventy five, as indicated by the said Saccharometer, the Sum of Eight Pence:

Where such Wort or Wash, before any Fermentation is produced or excited, shall be of a Gravity not exceeding Seventy, as indicated by the said Saccharometer, the Sum of Seven Pence Halfpenny:

Where such Wort or Wash, before any Fermentation is produced or excited, shall be of a Gravity not exceeding Sixty five, as indicated by the said Saccharometer, the Sum of Seven Pence:

For every Gallon of Spirits of the Strength of Seven per Centum Duties on Spi-above Proof, as denoted by the Hydrometer called Sikes s rit* per Gallon, Hydrometer, which shall be distilled in any Part or Place in at ? per Cent. Scotland, for Consumption in Scotland, from any Wort or Wash Proof. brewed from Malt, Corn, Grain or Tilts, or any Mixture therewith, of a Gravity not exceeding Eighty one, as indicated by Allans Saccharometer, the Sum of Nine Pence Halfpenny:

For every Gallon of such Spirits of the Strength aforesaid, which shall be distilled from any such Wort or Wash of a Gravity not exceeding Seventy five, as indicated by the said Saccharometer* the Sum of Nine Pence.

For every Gallon of such Spirits of the Strength aforesaid, which shall be distilled from any such Wort or Wash of a Gravity not exceeding Seventy, as indicated by the said Saccharometer, the Sum of Eight Pence Halfpenny:

For every Gallon of such Spirits of the Strength aforesaid, which shall be distilled from any such Wort or Wash of a Gravity not exceeding Sixty five, the Sum of Seven Pence Three Farthings:

And so in proportion according to any higher or lower Degree of the Strength of all such Spirits respectively.

The said Duties to be paid by the respective Makers or Distillers pm by of such Wort or Wash respectively. Makers, &c.

For every Licence to be taken out by any Distiller or Maker of On Licences to Low Wines or Spirits, in any Part or Place in Scotland, whether Distillers; for Sale therein or for Exportation therefrom, the Sum of Ten Pounds;

pounder of Spirits, v i Scotland% the Sum

of Five Pounds:

For every Licence to be taken out by any Person to make any tp Makers of Still in Scotland, the Sum of Ten Shillings: Stills;

For every Licence to be taken out by any Person, not heing a to Chemists. Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, to keep and use any Still for the carrying on the Trade of a Chemist, or any other Trade or Business requiring the Use of a Still or Stills* the Sum of Ten Shillings.

The said Duties for Licences to be paid by the respective Dis- pm by

tillers, Rectifiers, Compounders, Makers of Stills, Chemists and Makers, &c.

Other Persons taking out such Licences respectively.

For every Licence

Rectifier or Com- w R«cufi«r, i

U

296

C. 74?.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Duties to be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and to be levied under this Act and former Excise Laws.

Duties carried to Consolidated Fund.

Mode of charging Distillers from Wash, so as to produce 'Is. 8|d. per Gallon on Spirits at 7 per Cent over Proof for 15 Gallons of Spirits from 100 Wash of the G rarity of 81;

4s. 9d- per Gallon on 14 Gallons per Cent from Wash at 75;

4s. 9jd. per Gallon on 13 Gallons per Cent from Wash at 70;

4s. lOjd. per Gallon on 12

III. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties by this Act imposed shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the time being, and shall (except as is herein otherwise directed or provided) be raised, collected, recovered, secured and paid by such Persons, At such Times and in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as are hereinafter directed and set forth, and under such Management, and under and subject to such Rules, Regulations, Conditions, Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Powers of adjudging and mitigating Penalties and Forfeitures, and with and subject to such Powers, and to the like Rules and Directions, and by such Methods, and in such Manner and Form, and in or by any of the general or special Means, Ways or Methods, by which other Duties of Excise may be raised, collected, recovered and paid, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, except only so far as the same are specially altered or repealed by this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising from the Duties by this Act imposed (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) , shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and shall he carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

V. And be it lurthef enacted, That upon and after the said Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty, every Distiller for Home Consumption in Scotland shall be charged with and shall pay the Duties on Wort or Wash granted by this Act, at and after the several Rates following, so that every Gallon of Spirits of the Strength of Seven per Cent. above Hydrometer Proof, produced from such Wort or Wash, shall be charged with and shall pay the several Sums hereafter mentioned, in respect of the Wort or Wash from which such Spirit shall be produced; that is to say, that every Distiller who shall be licensed to distil Spirits from Wort or Wash of a Gravity not exceeding Eighty one, shall be charged with and shall pay the Sum of Four Shillings and Eight pence Halfpenny per Gallon, for Fifteen Gallons of Spirits of the Strength of Seven per Cent. above Hydrometer Proof as aforesaid, in respect of every One hundred Gallons of such Wort or Wash prepared or made in the Distillery of such Distiller, from Malt, Corn, Grain or Tilts, or any Mixture with the same; that every Distiller who shall be licensed to distil Spirits from Wort or Wash of a Gravity not exceeding Seventy five, shall be charged with and shall pay the Sum of Four Shillings and Nine Pence per Gallon, for Fourteen Gallons of Spirits of the Strength aforesaid, in respect of every One hundred Gallons of such Wort or Wash; that every Distiller who shall he licensed to distil Spirits from Wort or Wash of a Gravity not exceeding Seventy, shall be charged with and shall pay the Sura of Four Shillings and Nine Pence Halfpenny per Gallon, for Thirteen Gallons of Spirits of the Strength aforesaid, in respect of every One hundred Gallons of such Wort or Wash; and that every Distiller who shall he licensed to distil Spirits from Wort or Wash of a Gravity not exceeding Sixty five, shall be charged with and shall pay the Sum of Four Shillings und Ten Pence Farthing per Gallon, for Twelve

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 74. 297

Gallons of Spirits of the Strength aforesaid, in respect of every One hundred Gallons of such Wort or Wash; and that if any Quantity of Spirits exceeding the several Proportions aforesaid, shall be extracted, made, distilled or produced in the Distillery of any^uch Distiller respectively, from any Wort or Wash in the Distillery of such Distiller, during the Continuance of the Licence of such Distiller, or during any Period of such Licence as such Distiller shall continue working, every such Distiller shall for every Gallon of such Spirits, exceeding the several Proportions aforesaid respectively, computed at such Strength as aforesaid, be charged with and stall pay such Sum of Four Shillings and Eight Pence Halfpenny, Four Shillings and Nine Pence, Four Shillings and Nine Pence Halfpenny, or Four Shillings and Ten Pence Farthing respectively, according to the Gravity of the Wort or Wash from which such Spirits shall have been respectively distilled as aforesaid, over and above the Duty of Excise of Nine Pence Halfpenny, Nine Pence, Eight Pence Halfpenny, or Seven Pence Three Farthings respectively, chargeable on every Gallon of such Spirits respectively under this Act.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Distiller who shall be licensed to distil Spirits from Wort or Wash of a Gravity not exceeding Eighty one, to make or use in his Distillery, during the Continuance of his Licence, any Wort or Wash of a Gravity greater than Eighty one by Allans Saccharometer; nor for any Distiller who shall be licensed to distil Spirits from Wort or Wash of a Gravity not exceeding Seventy five, to make or use in his Distillery, during the Continuance of his Licence, any Wort or Wash of a Gravity greater than Seventy five by the said Saccharometer; nor for any Distiller who shall be licensed to distil Spirits from Wort or Wash of a Gravity not exceeding Seventy, to make or use in his Distillery, during the Continuance of his Licence, any Wort or Wash of a Gravity greater than Seventy by the said Saccharometer; nor for any Distiller who shall be licensed to distil Spirits from Wort or Wash of a Gravity not exceeding Sixty five, to make or use in his Distillery, during the Continuance of his Licence, any Wort or Wash of a Gravity greater than Sixty five by the said Saccharometer; and that if at any time after any Declaration made by any Distiller of the Gravity of such Wort or Wash, pursuant to the Directions* in this Act contained, any Wort or Wash shall be found in the Distillery of any such Distiller respectively of a Gravity greater than that which is hereinbefore respectively specified as applicable to the Wort or Wash of any such Distiller, and which shall be declared by such Distiller respectively; every such Distiller in whose Distillery such Wort or Wash shall be found, shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatever, m any Part of Scotland, by him, her or themselves, or by any other Person or Persons whomsoever employed by him, her or them, or for his, her or their Benefit, either publicly or privately, to prepare or make any Wort or Wash from any Sort of Materials whatsoever, or to employ or work any Still or Stills for the

Gallon* per: Cent, from Wash at 65; . Like Charge on all Excess of Spirits beyond these Propor- dons.

Gravity of Wort to be made by Distillers respectively.

Penalty 5001.

From Nov. 10, 1820, no Person to prepare or make any Wort or Wash, or employ or .work any Still or Stills, without first taking out a Licence

C. 7*.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

in the manner herein men- ' turned.

What Parsons are to grant Licences.

Licences to expire on the 9th of November in every Year.

All Licences to be renewed annually.

Persons making any Wort or Wash, &c. with-

making or manufacturing of Low Wines or Spirits, or for the rectifying or compounding of Spirits, without having first taken out a Licence for that purpose, in manner hereinafter mentioned; for which Licence the Person requiring the same shall, immediately upon taking out thereof, pay down the Sum or Sums of Money respectively hereinbefore mentioned; and that such Licences as shall be taken out within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh shall be granted tinder the Hands and Seals of Two or more of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the time being, or of such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners of Excise shall from time to time appoint for that purpose, and the several and respective Duties for the same shall be paid at the Chief Office of Excise in Edinburgh / and soch Licences as shall be taken out in any other Part of Scotland, beyond the Limits aforesaid, shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of the several* Collectors and Supervisors of Excise within their respective Collections and Districts, and the several and respective Duties for the same shall be paid to the Collector of Excise within whose Collection any such Licence shall be granted respectively; and such Commissioners of Excise, and the Persons so to be appointed by them, and also all such Collectors respectively, are hereby respectively authorized and required to grant and deliver such Licences to the Persons who shall apply for the same, being entitled to receive such Licences in the manner and under the Rules and Regulations required by this Act, and upon their Payment of the said several and respective Duties hereinbefore mentioned.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Licence for the distilling of Spirits for Home Consumption in Scotland shall be granted on the First Day of November, or on or before the Tenth Day of November, in each and every Year, and at no other time of the Year; and that every such Licence shall be in force for One Year only, commencing on the Tenth Day of November in the Year in which the same shall be granted, and ending on the Ninth Day of November in the Year next ensuing; and that every Licence for the distilling of Spirits for Exportation shall be granted at such Times and shall continue for such Periods as are required or directed with respect to such Licences by any Act or Acts in force immediately before the passing of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person having obtained any Licence under this Act, to continue to prepare or make any Wort or Wash, or to distil, rectify or compound any Spirits, or to make or use any Still, as hereinbefore mentioned, after the Expiration of such Licence, until such Person shall have obtained a new Licence, paying down the like Sum for each and every new or renewed Licence as is by this Act required for the first Licence, in manner and at the Places and Times before mentioned; and so from Year to Year so long as such Person shall continue the Business of a Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, or shall make or use any Still or Stills respectively.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons in any Part of Scotland shall, after the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty, prepare or make any

1° GEO. IV. C. 7 *.

299

Wort or Wash from any Sort of Materials whatsoever, or employ ont taking out or work any StiU or Stills for the making or manufacturing of Licence Low Wines or Spirits, or for the rectifying or compounding of Spirits, without having first taken out a Licence for that purpose, or shall not renew the same yearly in manner aforesaid, so long as he shah continue the Business of distilling, rectifying or compounding Spirits, or shall make or use any Still or'Stms respectively; every such Person shall forfeit and lo6e the several and Ptaaltka *. respective Penalties hereinafter mentioned for each and every such Offence; that is to say.

Every Distiller in Scotland for Sale therein, or for Exportation Distillers 200I.

therefrom, so offending, shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds:

Every Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits in Scotland, or Person Rectifiers, Ac.

making or using any Still or Stills as aforesaid, so offending, tool.

shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That Persons in Part- Persons in nerohip, and carrying on Trade and Business in One House or P*£"er*hiP Place only, shall not be obliged to take out more than one such Licence m any one Year for carrying on such Trade in such ^jeence fo/* House or Place; and that no one Licence which shall be granted One House or by virtue of this Act, shall authorise or empower any Person or Place. Persons to whom the same shall be granted, to prepare or make

any Wort or Wash, or to distil any Low Wines or Spirits, or to rectify or compound any Spirits, or to make or use any Still or Stills, in any other rfouse or Premises than the Houses or Premises mentioned in such Licence, and in no other House, Place or Premises whatever.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That upon the Insol- Executors, &c. vency, Bankruptcy or Death of any Person so licensed os a Dis- of Persons tiller, Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, or upon the Removal having Lief any Person so licensed from the entered House or Premises in

which die Licence shall authorise such Person to prepare or make blithe Li-Wort or Wash, or to distil Low Wines or Spirits, or to rectify or cences expire* compound Spirits, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the time being, or any one or more of them, and to and for the several Collectors and Supervisors of Excise in Scotland, within their respective Collections and Districts, to authorise and empower the Assignees of such Insolvent, or die Factor or Factors, Trustee or Trustees of such Bankrupt on his sequestrated Estate, or the Executors or Administrators, or the Wife, Child or lawful Heir of such deceased Person, or the Assignees or Assigns of any such Person so removing, who shall be possessed of such House or Premises, in like manner to prepare or make Wort or Wash, or to distil Low Wines or Spirits, or to rectify or compound Spirits in the same entered House or Premises where such Person so licensed by virtue of such Licence carried on such Trade, during the Residue of the Term for which such Licence was originally granted, without taking out a new Licence during the Residue of the said Term, but subject to and under the same Terms, Conditions, Rules and Regulations, as the Person or Persons to whom such Licence was originally granted.

C. 74. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Persons applying for Licences to swear that the Stills, See. are their own Property, &c.

in Licences.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be capable of taking out or receiving a Licence as a Distiller for Home Consumption in Scotland, save only the actual Owner or Owners of the Still or Stills intended to be worked by virtue thereof, and of the Implements, Backs and Vessels to be employed or used in carrying on the Trade or Business of a Distiller; and every such Person or Persons demanding such Licence shall take and subscribe an Oath before one or more of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, or any Justice of the Peace for the County in which such Person or Persons shall reside, (and which Oath such Commissioners or Justice are and is hereby empowered to administer) , that the said Still or Stills, and Implements, Backs and Vessels to be used, are his, her or their own Property, and that the Trade or Business intended to be carried on is at his.

The Particulars her or their Risk, and on his, her or their own Account; and in to be specified every Licence which shall be granted by virtue of this Act, there shall be expressed and specified the Christian Name or Names, and the Surname or Surnames of the Person or Persons to* whom the same shall be respectively granted, the Place or Places of his, her or their respective Residence, and the House or Place, and the Name of the particular County and Parish in which such House or Place shall be situate, where such Still or Stills are intended to be employed, worked or used, together with the respective Contents or Capacities of every such Still, and specifying for what particular Use each respective Still is intended to be employed, whether it be for the Distillation of Wash, or for the Distillation of Low Wines; and also specifying the Gravity of the Wort or Wash which such Distiller shall declare in Writing to be his Intention to brew or prepare during the whole Continuation of his Licence, and also the Number of Gallons of Spirits to be produced from every Hundred Gallons of Wash in proportion to such Gravity, in the Distillery for which such Licence shall be granted, and also specifying the Sum paid for the Duty for such Licence, and the Time of commencing, and when such Licence shall cease and expire.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That notwithstanding any thing contained in any Licence granted under this Act, any Wash Still or Stills in the Distillery of any Distiller licensed under this Act may be used in the distilling of Low Wines, and that any Low Wine Still or Stills in the Distillery of such Distiller may be used in the distilling of Wash; provided that

may be licensed Twelve Hours* previous Notice thereof /shall be given by the Dis-

Wash Stills may be tmd as lx»w Wine Stills and contrariwise, on giving Notice; and One Still

for distilling Waal i and Low Wines, on declaring such Intention.

tiller to the proper Officer of Excise, and that the Cause for such Alteration shall be truly stated in the said Notice; and that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to prevent the employing or using of one and the same Still for the Distillation of Wash and for the Distillation of Low Wines, in the Distillery of any Distiller licensed under this Act; provided that such Distiller shall declare the Intention of so doing at the time of obtaining such Licence as aforesaid, and so as such Intention shall be specified in such Licence; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

1° GEO. IV. C. 74. 301

XV. And be it further enacted, That every Person requiring any Licence under this Act, as a Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, shall, before obtaining any such Licence, make out, sign and deliver, at the nearest Office of Excise for the District within the Limits of which the Distillery, Workhouses, Storehouses, or other Places of such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder respectively are situated, an Account and Declaration in Writing, to be entered and registered in the said Office of Excise; and which Account and Declaration shall specify and contain the Marne or Names and Place or Places of Abode of all the Persons requiring such Licence, and of all the Partners in the Concern, and shall be signed and subscribed by each and every such Partner; and such Account and Declaration shall also describe every Distillery, Storehouse, Warehouse, Building, Room or other Place intended to be made use of in carrying on the Business of such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder (as the case may be) , and also all Coppers, Tuns, Backs, Coolers, Stills, Casks, Vessels, and other Utensils, which such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder respectively shall make use of for brewing, mixing, fermenting, distilling, rectifying, compounding or keeping any Wort, Wash, Low Wines, Spirits or Feints; and in every such Account and Declaration shall be specified the particular Purpose for which each such Copper, Tun, Back, Cooler, Still, Cask, Vessel and Utensil is intended to be used; and in such Account and Declaration every such Distiller shall set forth, specify and declare at what Gravity of Wort or Wash such Distiller intends to work during the whole Continuance of his Licence, and shall declare his Consent to be charged with the Percentage on Spirits to be produced from Wort or Wash according to the Gravity thereof so set forth, specified and declared, and according to the Rates prescribed by this Act; and if any such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder shall neglect or refuse to make out, sign and deliver such Account and Declaration as aforesaid, or shall omit to specify and set forth in such Account and Declaration any of the Matters or Things hereinbefore required to be set forth and specified therein; or if after such Entry any Copper, Tun, Back, Cooler, Still, Cask, Vessel or Utensil mentioned in such Entry shall be used in the Distillery or other entered Premises of any such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder respectively, for any other purpose than that to which any such Copper or other Vessel or Utensil is in such Entry specified to be intended to be applied or used, every such Distiller, Rectifier and Compounder respectively, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and every such Vessel or Utensil, together with the Wort, Wash, Low Wines, Spirits or Feints found therein at the time when the Offence shall be committed, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in every such Account and Declaration as aforesaid, every Building, Room, Place, Still, Copper, Cooler, Vat, Back, Vessel and Utensil whatsoever, shall be distinguished and described by a particular Letter or Number, and the Person making such Account shall paint or cause to be painted such respective Letter or Number in a large and distinct Character upon some convenient and conspicuous Part of the

Walls

Distillers, &c. before obtaining Licence to make entry of Places and Utensils to be used.

The Particulars to be specified in Entry or Declaration.

Using Utensil for-any other Purpose than that specified.

Penalty 2001, end Forfeiture of Utensil, Wort, Ac.

In the Entry of Premises, Places and Utensils to be distinguished by Letters or Numbers.

302

C. 7 A.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

When Pipes are used their Course to be described, &c.

Penalty 2001.

No Rectifier, &c. to be licensed as Distiller.

Such Persons being concerned in the Business of a Distiller, Penalty 200L

Persons licensed as a Distiller concerned in the Business of a

Walk or Door* of every such Bufldfng, Room or Flow respectively, and upon gome convenient and conspicuous Part of every such Still, Copper, Cooler, Vat, Back, Vessel or other Utensil, kept and continued so painted; and from time to time when Occasion shall require, or when required by the Supervisor of the District where situated, or by any General Supervisor or Superior Officer, the same shall be renewed, so long as the Entry thereof shall remain uncancelled, so that such Letter or Number so painted may be easily and readily observed and known by the Officers of Excise from time to time attending to survey the same; and that whenever any fixed Pipe or Pipes shall be used or employed in the Distillery, Buildings, Rooms or Places of any Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, the Person making and delivering such Account shall, at the time of making and delivering the same, deliver with such Account, and as Part thereof, a Drawing or Drawings, or Description or Descriptions, distinctly shewing and exhibiting or explaining the Course, Direction, Construction and Use of all and every such Pipe and Pipes respectively, and of all and every Branch and Branches thereof, and of all and every Cock and Cocks thereon, together with the Place or Places and Vessel or Vessels, and Utensil or Utensils respectively, from or to or with which the same lead or communicate; and if any Building, Room, Place, Vessel or Utensil shall at any time be found to be used in the Distillery or entered Premises of any Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, not having been so described or distinguished as aforesaid, or without such Letter or Number being and remaining so distinctly painted thereon as aforesaid, or if any Pipe or Pipes shall be found which shall not have been shewn in such Drawing or Drawings, or so described as aforesaid, or different from or disagreeing with such Drawing or Drawings, or Description or Descriptions as aforesaid, every such Building, Room, Place, Vessel and Utensil respectively, shall be deemed and taken to be unentered, and the Person or Persons using the same shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose, over and above all other Penalties and Forfeitures, the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons carrying on the Trade or Business of a Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, or of a Maker of Vinegar, or of a common Brewer or Victualler, or of a Retailer of any kind of Spirits in any Part of Scotland, shall have any Licence granted to him, her or them, as a Distiller of Spirits for Home Consumption; and if any Person or Persons, so long as he, she or they shall carry on or be concerned in the Business of a Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, or of a Maker of Vinegar, or of a common Brewer or Victualler for brewing or selling of Beer or Ale, or of a Retailer of any kind of Spirits in any Part of Scotland, shall carry on or be directly or indirectly concerned or interested in the Trade or Business of a Distiller of Spirits for such Home Consumption, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and if any Person or Persons to whom any Licences as a Distiller or Distillers shall be granted under this Act, in any Part of Scotland, for Consumption therein, shall at any Time or Times, during the Continuance of any such Licence,

1° GEO. IV. c. 74.

carry on or be directly or indirectly concerned or interested in the Trade or Business of a Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, or of a Vinegar Maker, or of a common Brewer or Victualler, or of a Retailer of any kind of Spirits, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persaaa in any Part of Scotland shall at . one and the sane lime carry on the Trade or Business of a Rectifies m Compounder of Spirits, with that of a common Brewer* or Victualler, or of a Retailer of any kind of Spirits, or Vinegar Maker, or shall be directly or indirectly concerned or interested therein; or if any Persons shall at one wad the same Time carry on the Trade or Business of a coma Brewer or Victualler, or of a Retailer of any kind of Spirits, or Vinegar Maker, with that of a Rectifier or Compounder or Spirits, or shall be directly or indirectly concerned or interested therein, every such Person or Persons as aforesaid shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Distiller licensed under this Act, at any time while any Still shall be at 'work, or any Materials fit for Distillation remaining in the Distillery of such Distiller, to be licensed as a Dealer in Spirits within the entered Distillery of such Distiller, or within the Distance of Two Miles thereof; and if any such Distiller shall within the Distillery of such Distiller, or the entered Premises thereto belonging, or in any House or Place within the Distance of Two Miles of such Distillery, during such Time, keep any Spirits wot distilled in the Distillery of such Distiller; or if any such licensed Distiller shall during such Time make Entry, or shall permit or suffer any Person or Persons on behalf of such Distiller, to make Entry of any Warehouse or other Place for the keeping or sending out of any kind of Spirits as a Dealer in Spirits within the Distillery of such Distiller, or within the Distance of Two Miles thereof, or if any such licensed Distiller shall in any Manner or Way be concerned or interested in the Trade or Business of a Dealer in Spirits, within his, her or their entered Distillery, or the entered Premises thereto belonging, or within Two Miles thereof, while any Still shall be at work, or /my Materials fit for Distillation are remaining in the Distillery of any such Distiller, every such Distiller shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Distiller licensed under this Act, to receive back into the Stock of Spirits, of which an Account shall be kept in the said Distillery, any Spirits originally distilled and sent out by such Distiller, and which may be returned to such Distiller by any Dealer in or Retailer of Spirits to whom such Distiller may have sent out the same, in the original Casks in which the same shall have been so sent out, accompanied with true and lawful Permits, expressing the Name of the Dealer or Retailer from whose Stock the Spirits shall be sent, and also the Name of the Distiller to whose Stock the same shall be returned.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall erect, set up, enter or make use of any House or Place whatsoever in Scotland, for the rectifying or compounding of

Spirits,

Rectifier, &c.

Penalty 2001.

Rectifier not to be carried on with that of a Brewer, Victualler, &c.

Penalty 2001.

Distillers not to be Dealers in Spirits within their entered Distillery Premises, or within Two Miles thereof; nor permit any Person to become a Dealer in Spirits within their Premises.

Penalty 2001.

Distillers may receive Spirits bock from their Customers into their Distillery Stock.

Houses for rectifying Spirits not to be used within i Mile

C. 74. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

of a Distillery, nor shall a Distillery be used within i Mile of a House for rectifying or compounding Spirits.

Penalty 5001.

All Entries contrary thereto shall be void.

Persons may lie licensed to use Stills of 40 Gallons, or of any other Capacity under 500 Gallons, on being recommended by Two Justices and Die Minister of the Parish.

Persons may lie licensed to use Stills of 500 Gallons Content or upwards, without such Recommendation.

Spirits, or for receiving or keeping of Spirits by any Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, within the Distance of One Quarter of a Mile m a direct Line from any House or Place which shall be entered or used for preparing Wort or Wash, or for the making or distilling of Spirits for Home Consumption, or for the receiving or keeping of Spirits by any Maker or Distiller of Spirits; and that no Person or Persons shall erect, set up, enter or make use of any House or Place whatsoever in Scotland, for preparing Wort or Wash, or for the making or distilling of Spirits for Home Consumption, or for receiving or keeping Spirits by any Maker or Distiller of Spirits within the Distance of One Quarter of a Mile in a direct Line from any House or Place which shall be entered or used for rectifying or compounding of Spirits, or for receiving or keeping of Spirits by any Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, on pain of forfeiting in each and every such Case the Sum of Five hundred Pounds for every Week that such House or Place shall be erected, set up, entered or used respectively as aforesaid; and all and every Entry or Entries of any such House or Place, so made u Be of either for the rectifying, compounding, or keeping of Spirits, or for the preparing Wort or Wash, or making or distilling or keeping of Spirits, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person in Scotland to be licensed under this Act, to erect and use any Still or Stills for the Distillation of Wash, Low Wines, or Spirits for Home Consumption; each Still respectively being of the Capacity or Content of at least Forty Gallons English Wine Measure, including the Head (and as high as the Steam can ascend); or of any other Capacity or Content less than Five hundred Gallons English Wine Measure (including the Head and as high as the Steam can ascend): Provided, that every Person applying for a Licence for any such Still, shall produce to the Commissioners of Excise or other Person authorised to grant such Licence, a Certificate in Writing under the Hands of Two Justices of the Peace for the County, and the Minister of the Parish in which such Person shall have resided for the Space of Three Years, that such Person is of good Character, and is reputed to he in such Circumstances as to be able to pay all Duties on Spirits to be distilled in such Still, and is Tenant or Occupier of Messuages or Tenements to the Value of Ten Pounds a Year at the least, in the Parish in which such Still is required to be licensed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may he lawful for any Person or Persons in Scotland to be licensed under this Act to erect and use any Still or Stills for the Distillation of Wash, Low Wines, or Spirits for Home Consumption, of the Capacity or Content of Five hundred Gallons including the Head (and as high as the Steam can ascend) , or of any greater Capacity or Content, without such Certificate or Recommendation as aforesaid; and that it shall and may be lawful for any Person licensed to erect and use any Still of Five hundred Gallons Content or more, to be licensed to erect and use any other Still of a less Content than Five hundred Gallons and not less than Forty Gallons,

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 74. 305

without any such Certificate or Recommendation as aforesaid, any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful No Person for any Person in Scotland to be licensed to erect, set up, employ to be licensed or use any Still or Stills for the Distillation of Wash, Low Wines eiT^Iorfu1se or Spirits, of any less Capacity or Content than Forty Gallons Capadty than* English Wine Measure, including the Head (and as high as the 40 Gallons, &c. Steam can ascend); nor for any Person not licensed to erect and without being use a Still of Five hundred Gallons or upwards, to be licensed to recommended, erect, set up, employ or use any Still of the Capacity or Content

of Forty Gallons, and under Five hundred Gallons, without such Certificate or Recommendation; and that if any Person in Scotland shall erect, set up, use or employ any such Still contrary to the Directions of this Act, every such Person shall be subject to and shall incur all the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act in- Penalties, dieted on Persons using or working any unlicensed Still.

[No Person to

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons

in Scotland shall be deemed a Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits be deemed a within the meaning of this Act, who shall not have at least One Rectifier, &c. entered Still capable of containing in the Body thereof, exclu- gtiii

sive of the Head, One hundred and twenty Gallons English of 120 Gallons Wine Measure at the least, nor unless such Still shall have a Content, &c. suitable Worm and Worm Tub affixed thereto, and shall be really

and bona fide used for the rectifying of British Spirits for Sale by such Person or Persons; and any Person who shall carry on the Business of a Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits contrary to the Directions of this Act, shall be subject and liable to and shall incur all the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act inflicted on Penalties. Persons using or working any unlicensed Still.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Rectifier or Rectifiers, &c. Compounder of Spirits in Scotland, shall have in his, her or their having in their Custody or Possession, any Wort, Wash, Tilts or other fermented Custody Wort, Liquor capable of being distilled into Low Wines or Spirits, or ^ewlme into"* shall distil or extract any Low Wines or Spirits from Wort, Wash, low wines or Tilts, Com, Molasses, Sugar, Cyder, Refused Wines, or other Spirits, or re-fermented Liquor, or shall be in Possession of any such Materials ceiving Spirits prepared or fit for the Purpose of being distilled into Low Wines ^, tho"t a leSal or Spirits, or shall have in his Custody or Possession any Spirits erm, t» whatsoever without having received a legal Permit with the same; every such Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits shall (over and besides all other Penalties and Forfeitures) forfeit and lose for every such Offence the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, or the Sum Penalty 5001. or of Twenty Shillings for each and every Gallon of such Wort, 20#. per Gallon. Wash or other fermented Liquor fit for the Purpose of being distilled into Low Wines or Spirits, or of such Low Wines or Spirits so distilled as aforesaid, or of such Spirits received without being accompanied with a true and legal Permit, as the Case may be, at the Election of the Advocate General of Scotland, or of any other Person who shall sue or prosecute for such Penalty; and Second Of-the Licence of every Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, who shall fence, Forfeit-be a Second Time convicted of any of the Offences aforesaid, ure of Licence, shall, upon such Second Conviction, be deemed void to all Intents and Purposes; and such Rectifier or Compounder shall not

C. 74. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Distillers removing Wort, &c. on which the Duty has not been paid,

Penalty 5001. or 20s. per Gallon.

Second Conviction, Forfeiture of Licence.

Distillers, &c. to cause their Names and Business to be painted over the outward Door of Still House, &c.

Penalty 1001.

Receiving or buying British Spirits from any but licensed Distillers, or Dealers, or at the public Sales of condemned Spirits,

Penalty 5001.

be capable of receiving any further or renewed Licence as a Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, for the Period of Three Years from the Date of such Second Conviction.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller in Scotland, licensed under this Act, shall conceal, remove or carry away, or cause or suffer to be concealed, removed or carried away, any Wort or Wash brewed or made for extracting Spirits, or any Spirits so extracted, for or upon which the Duty imposed by this Act has not been duly charged, or which shall not have been duly taken account of by the proper Officer of Excise, every such Distiller, over and besides all other Penalties and Forfeitures, shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, or the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Gallon of such Wort, Wash, or Spirits so concealed, removed, or carried away, at the Election of the Advocate General of Scotland, or of the Person who shall sue or prosecute for such Penalty; and the Licence of every such Distiller who shall be a Second Time convicted of any such Offence, shall upon such Second Conviction be deemed void to all Intents and Purposes, and such Distiller shall not be entitled to any further or renewed Licence as a Distiller, for the Period of Three Years from the Date of such Second Conviction.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That before any Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder of Spirits for Consumption in Scotland shall begin to distil, rectify or compound any Spirituous Liquors, such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder respectively, shall cause to be painted in Black upon a White Ground, or in White upon a Black Ground, over the outward Door of the Still House, Storehouse, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar, Vault or other Place respectively, made use of by such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, for distilling, rectifying, compounding or keeping of British Spirituous Liquors, in Letters of not less than Six Riches in Length, the Name or Names of such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, and the Words Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder of Spirituous Liquors (as the Case may be) , and shall keep the same so legibly painted, upon pain of forfeiting the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXIX. And for the more effectually preventing the receiving or buying, by any Person whomsoever, of British made Spirits, from Persons privately distilling the same without Licence, be it further enacted, That if any Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, or any other Person whosoever, in any Part of Scotland, shall receive or buy, or shall procure or employ any Person to receive or buy, any British made Spirits from any Person or Persons whomsoever, except from some Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, whose Name shall be painted over the outward Door of his Stillhouse, Storehouse, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar, Vault or other Place, in manner required and directed by this Act; or from some licensed Dealer in or Retailer of British made Spirits, or at some public Sgle of British made Spirits, condemned and sold under the Direction of the Commissioners of Excise or Customs; every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 74. 307

XXX. And for the more effectual Discovery of such Offenders, Either Buyer

be it further enacted, That either of the offending Parties, whe- Seller in. ther Buyer or Seller of such British Spirits, who shall first discover and inform against the other of such offending Parties, before

any Information has been lodged against such informing Party for such Offence, shall thereupon be discharged and acquitted from all Penalties to which, at the Time of such Information given, such informing Party may be liable for or by reason of any such Offence committed by suen informing Party *

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons not Persons not being duly licensed as a Distiller, Rectifier or Com- licensed, &c. pounder under this Act, or if any such Distiller, Rectifier or P"!5§°!rer Compounder not having duly made Entry of all the Places by 5>oois th^ them respectively made use of for distilling, rectifying, compound- Words Dfs-ing, or keeping of British Spirits, shall paint, or cause to be tiller, &c. painted, over the outward Door of any Place to them respectively belonging, the Words Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder of Spirituous Liquors, or either of them, every Person so offending shall

forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall also be subject to the several Penalties and Forfeitures to which Penalty soot Persons distilling, rectifying or compounding Spirituous Liquors, &Ca without being licensed and making Entry, are by this Act subjected unto.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the several and Wort, &c. to be respective Duties granted by this Act on Wort, Wash and Spirits, shall be charged by the Officers of Excise according to the and

Gauge or Gauges taken by them in the different and respective Casks, &c. to entered Backs, Casks or other Vessels, and that the Contents of be to gauged, all Backs, Casks or other Vessels for containing, keeping or holding of Wort, Wash or other Liquor for Distillation, and of Low Wines, Feints and Spirits of any Kind or Sort whatsoever, shall be taken and calculated according to English Wine Measure.

XXXIII. And, to remove all Doubts respecting the Denomi- Denominations nation of Spirits of different Distillations, be it further enacted, of different That all Spirits of the first Extraction drawn or distilled from Spirits:

Wort or Wash shall be deemed and taken to be Low Wines Low Wines.

within the Meaning of this Act; and that all pure Spirits of the Second Extraction, or which shall have been once distilled from Low Wines, shall be deemed and taken to be raw British Spirits

British Spirits.

within the Meaning of this Act; and that all impure Spirits of the Second Extraction, or which shall have been once distilled from Low Wines, and all impure Spirits of the Third Extraction, or which shall have been twice distilled from Low Wines, shall

be deemed and taken to be Feints within the Meaning of this Foots.

Act; and that all pure Spirits of the Third Extraction, or which shall have been twice distilled from Low Wines, and have had any Flavour communicated thereto, and all Liquors whatsoever which shall be mixed or mingled with any such Spirits, shall be deemed and taken to be British Brandy within the Meaning of

British Brandy.

this Act; and that all pure Spirits of the Thirck Extraction, or

which shall have been twice distilled from Low Wines, and shall not have had any Flavour communicated thereto, and all Liquors whatsoever which shall be mixed or mingled with any such

Spirits, shall be deemed and taken to be rectified British Spirit* Ractified Bri.

308 C. 74, 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

British Compounds.

Spirits of Wine.

Proof of Spirits removed being such as described in Permit to lie upon Owners.

Distillers using nliove One Quarter of Wheat to Two Quarters of any other Grain, Penalty 50l.

While Corn Distillery is not prohibited, no Spirits to be made from Sugar, &c.

No Distiller licensed under this Act to use any Refused Wine, &c. or keep the same in his Possession.

within the Meaning of this Act; and that all pure Spirits of the Third Extraction, which shall have been distilled with Juniper Berries, Carraway Seeds, Annise Seed, or any other Seeds, Preparation or Ingredient whatsoever, used in the compounding of Spirits, and all Liquors whatsoever which shall be mixed or mingled with any such Spirits, shall be deemed and taken to be British Compounds within the Meaning of this Act; and that all British Spirits of the Strength of Forty two per Centum above Proof, as denoted by the Hydrometer called Sikes s Hydrometer, and all Spirits of a greater or higher Degree of Strength, shall be deemed and taken to be Spirits of Wine within the Meaning of this Act; and if any Question shall arise whether any Spirits removed by any Permit are bona fide such raw British Spirits, rectified British Spirits, British Brandy, British Compounds, or Spirits of Wine respectively, as are described and specified in the Permit accompanying the same, or granted, for the Removal thereof, although £uch Spirits shall appear to have been kept Account of in the Officer's Books, or Account of the Stock from which such Spirits were removed, by the same Name or Description as is specified in such Permit, the Proof that such Spirits are really and bona fide of the Sort specified in such Permit, shall lie upon the Owner or Claimer thereof, who shall prove the same by the Oaths of Two creditable Witnesses, being skilful and experienced Persons competent to decide by Examination thereof.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller or Distillers licensed under this Act, in preparing Grist for the Mash Tun, in order to extract Wort therefrom, shall use, or cause to be used, more Wheat than in the Proportion of One Quarter of Wheat to Two Quarters of any other Corn or Grain, every such Distiller or Distillers shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That during such Time as the Distilliation of Spirits from Corn or Grain shall not be prohibited by Law in Scotland, no Low Wines or Spirits shall be made, extracted or distilled in Scotland from Sugar or Molasses, or any Mixture with the same, or either of them, or from any Honey, or from any Refused Wine, Cyder, Perry or any other Ingredients whatever, other than and except Cora malted or unmalted; and that if any Distiller licensed under this Act shall make use of any Refused Wine, Cyder or Perry, Molasses, Sugar, Sugar Wash, Honey, or any Composition or Extract of Sugar, in brewing, making or preparing Wash for Distillation, or in making or extracting Low Wines or Spirits, or if any such Distiller shall referment and redistil Wash commonly called Spent Wash, after the same has been through the Still, or shall distil any kind of fermented Liquor whatsoever, other than and except the Wash prepared or made from Corn or Grain within the Distillery of such Distiller; dr if any Quantity of Refused Wine, Cyder or Perry, Molasses, Sugar or Honey, or any Sugar Wash or Composition or Extract of Sugar, or any kind of fermented Liquor not prepared or made from Corn or Grain in the Distillery of such Distiller, shall be conveyed or received into or be found in the Distillery of such Distiller, the same, together with the Casks or other Packages in which the same shall be contained, and the

1° GEO. IV. C. 74. 309

Carts and other Carriages, and Horses or Cattle used for conveying the same, shall be respectively forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and every such Distiller or Distillers shall, for each and every such Offence, Penalty, Por-forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and every feilure Servant of such Distiller, and every Person^ who shall be aiding 200* and assisting in the using any such Refused Wine, Cyder or Assisting Perry, or other fermented Liquor, or any Molasses, Sugar or therein,

Honey, or any Sugar Wash or Composition or Extract of Sugar, 20L

in the Distillery of such>Distiller, or in carrying or conveying the Month? Im-aame into any Distillery, Still House, or other Place belonging prisonment to such Distiller, shall also for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and in default of Payment thereof shall suffer Imprisonment for Three Calendar Months.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Officer of Ex- Officers to maka oise in charge of the Distillery of any Distiller licensed under out a Weekly this Act, shall make out a Return or Voucher to the Commis- ^oAdisdlled sioners of Excise, or to such Person as the said Commissioners anfj spirits shall appoint, of the Amount of Wash distilled or decreased from charged, to Ixr a the Wash Backs in the Distillery of such Distiller, in every Week Charge upon ending on the Saturday during the Continuance of the Licence distiller.

of such Distiller, and also of all the Spirits made and distilled in such Distillery and taken account of by such Officer during such Week, and of the several Duties chargeable and charged on such Wash and Spirits respectively in each and every such Week,

which Return or Voucher shall be a Charge upon the Distiller;

and the Officer of Excise shall, within Three Days after the End Officers to

of every such Week, deliver to or leave with such Dfetiller, or at le*6 a Copy of

such Distillery, a true* Copy of such Return or Voucher, contain- RU.

ing the Amount of all the Wash distilled or decreased, and all wl tr *

the Spirits made and taken an Account of by such Officer, and charged with Duty for such Week respectively.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That such Return or Distiller to Voucher of such Officer shall be a Charge upon every such Dis- pay I>"ly tiller for such Week, and such Distiller shall pay the Duties such Return, appearing by such Return to have become due and payable on

the Wash so distilled or decreased, and the Spirits so made and distilled, on some Market Day within Fourteen Days after the last Day of the Week for which such Return shall be made and such Duty charged, or shall for every Default forfeit a Sum equal to Double the Duty so returned and charged.

XXXVIII. And be it farther enacted, That every Distiller Distiller, &c. to licensed under this Act shall, under the proper Hand of such Entry Distiller, or under the Hand of the Brewer or Chief Workman of

such Distiller, or of 6ome Person for whom such Distiller shall be true Quantity of responsible, make a true and particular Entry or Return in Writ- Wash distilled ing, declaring to the Truth thereof before the proper Supervisor and Spirits of the District, of the* Quantity of the Wort or Wash which shall in *1* have been decreased from the Wash Backs or distilled in the Dis- Wec'k* tillery of such Distiller into^Low Wines or Spirits, in every Week ending on the Saturday during the Continuance of the Licence of such Distiller, and of the Quantity of Spirits, calculated at thfe Strength of Seven per Centum above Proof, which shall have been made or distilled in the Distillery of such Distiller within X 3 such

C. 74.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Penalty of 200L

Distiller not compelled to travel for making Entries, &c. except to next Market Town.

Treasury may empower Commissioners of Excise to allow Distiller Time for Payment of Duties, with Interest at 5L per Cent.

Distillers, &c. to provide Ladders and Lights to enable the Officers to gauge Vessels and assist the Officers, Ac.

such Week; and in case of Omission, Neglect or Default in the making of such Entry or Return, or if any false Entry or Return shall be made, every such Distiller shall for every such Omission, Neglect or Default, and for any such false Entry, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Distiller licensed under this Act shall be compelled to travel for the making of the said Entries or Returns, or for the Payment of the said Duties, or for any other Cause relating to or concerning the same, if such Distiller shall reside in a Market Town; and if such Distiller shall reside out of a Market Town, then such Distiller shall not be compelled to travel to any other Place than to the Market Town nearest to the Residence of such Distiller in the same County on the Market Day.

XL. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, by any Warrant, Order or Instruction, signed by any Three or more of them, to authorise and empower the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the time being, by any Licence or Authority in Writing under the Hands of any Three or more of the said fast mentioned Commissioners, to allow such Time as they shall think fit for the Payment by any Distiller licensed under this Act, of the Duties granted by this Act, not exceeding Two Calendar Months from the Time when the same respectively became due and payable, and to take such Security or Securities for the Payment thereof, with Interest thereon at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the Day on which the same were payable accoroing to the Directions of this Act, until the same shall be paid, as the said Commissioners of Excise shall think proper, subject to such Limitations, Conditions, and Restrictions as the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall think fit; any thing contained in this Act, or in any other Act or Acts to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller, Rectifier and Compounder of Spirits licensed under this Act, shall provide proper Ladders and Lights, to enable the Officers of Excise from time to time to gauge and ascertain the Capacities or Contents of any Copper, Tun, Back, Still or other Vessel or Utensil, used or to be used in the Distillery or Premises of such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder respectively; and every such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, or some Person or Persons on his, her or their behalf, shall be aiding and assisting to the said Officers in gauging or measuring all Vessels and Utensils whatsoever, and in dipping, gauging or examining the Liquors contained therein; and if any such .Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder shall neglect or refuse to provide proper Ladders and Lights for the Purposes aforesaid, or shall not by himself, or by some other Person or Persons on his behalf, assist the said Officers in setting up the Ladders and in gauging or measuring any Vessel or Utensil, or in dipping, gauging or examining the Liquors contained therein as aforesaid, or shall by any means whatever hinder or obstruct the Officer or Officers of Excise in gauging or measuring any Vessel or Utensil, or in dipping, gauging or examining the Liquor contained

C. 74.

311

therein, then and in every such Case the Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder so offending shall for each Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits licensed under this Act, to enlarge or alter in any respect the Size, Situation or Position of any Still, Copper, Tun, Back, Cooler, or other fixed Vessel or Utensil whatsoever, after the same shall have been erected, set up and fixed, and the Capacities or Contents thereof ascertained, either by Gauge or Measure^ by any Officer or Officers of Excise, without giving at the least Four Days' previous Notice in Writing to the proper Officer of Excise under whose Survey the Distillery or Premises of such Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder shall then be; and if the Size, Situation or Position of any Still, Copper, Vat, Tun, Back, Cooler, or other fixed Vessel or Utensil whatsoever, in the Distillery or Premises of any Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder licensed under this Act, shall be enlarged, or in any respect altered, after the same shall have been set up and fixed, and the Capacities or Contents thereof ascertained, either by Gauge or Measure, by any Officer or Officers of Excise, without such Notice having been given as aforesaid; or if any Board, Stone, Wood, or any other Materials, Substance, Matter or Thing, shall be placed at, in or upon the Dipping Place or Places of any Still, Copper, Tun^Back, Cooler, Cask, Vessel or Utensil whatsoever, or if any Alteration shall be made in such Dipping Place or Places, or if any other Act, Matter or Thing shall be done, whereby or by reason or means whereof the Officer or Officers of Excise may be prevented or hindered from taking true Dips or Gauges of any Wort., Wash, Low Wines, Spirits and Feints therein, every such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, in whose Distillery or Premises any such Offence shall be committed, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, licensed under this Act, who shall have made Entry of any Building, Room or Place, or of any Still, Copper, Vat, Tun, Back, Cooler or other Utensil whatsoever, for the Purpose of carrying on the Trade or Business of a Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder (as the Case may be) , shall be permitted to withdraw such Entry, whilst any Wort, Wash, Low Wines, Spirits or Feints are remaining in any Place, or in any Still, Copper, Vat, Tun, Back, Cooler or other Utensil so respectively entered as aforesaid; but that after any such Entry shall be made as aforesaid, the Officers of Excise, under whose Survey such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder shall then be, shall continue to survey the Places and Utensils mentioned in each such Entry, until all the Wort, Wash, Low Wines, and other Materials shall be worked off, and until the Produce thereof shall be removed from and out of the said entered Places, and then, and not till then, shall any such Entry made as aforesaid be withdrawn.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Excise at all times, by Day or by Night, to enter into and continue in every Distillery, Stillhouse, Storehouse,

Penalty 2001.

No Distiller, &c. to enlarge or alter the Size or Position of any Vessel, without giving Four Days* previous Notice in Writing to Officer; nor to put any Matter or Thing at, in or upon the Dipping Place of any Vessel.

Penalty 2001.

No Entry of any Place or Utensils to be withdrawn whilst Wash or other Materials are remaining therein.

Officers of Excise may enter Still Houses, &c. by Day or

312 C. 74. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

by Night, to take account of Wort, Wash, &c. or to examine Stills, or to regauge Utensils, &?

Refusing Entrance or obstructing Officer, 8tcc.

penalty 200t

Officer may break ojH?n Poors, &c.

Dfctillers to give Twelve Hours' Notice of their Inten *

house, Warehouse, Cellar or other Place made use of by any Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, licensed under this Act, for brewing, making, keeping or distilling Wort, Wash, Low Wines or Spirits, or for rectifying or compounding Spirits, and by gauging, measuring, or otherwise, in £uch Manner and by such Instruments as to such Officers shall appear most proper and effectual for that Purpose, to take account of the Quantity, Quality and Strength of the Wort, Wash, Low Wines, Feints and Spirits, in the Stock, Custody or Possession of every such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, and also of the Quantity, Quality and Strength of the Wort, Wash, Low Wines, Feints and Spirits, which shall from time to time be brewed, made, distilled, rectified, compounded or kept by such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder (as the Case may be) , and to enter such Account of the Wort, Wash, Low Wines, Feints and Spirits, in a Book or Books \o be kept by such Officer or Officers for that Purpose; and also to examine every Still and the Materials therein, if not at work; and if at work, to stay and continue in such Distillery, Stillhouse or Place until such Still shall be worked off, and then to examine the same, and what Materials were used or distilled, or worked therein, and also to regauge or remeasure any Still or Stills, or the Head or Heads or any Part thereof, or any Copper, Tun, Back, Cooler, Cask, Vessel or Utensil, so as to discover whether any Alteration may have been made thereon or thereto, either in the Size, Situation or Position, without due Notice in Manner required by this Act, or to discover whether any Substance, Matter or Thing may have been placed at, on, or upon the Dipping Place or Places of any Copper, Tun, Back, Cooler, Still, Cask, Vessel or Utensil, so as to prevent the taking of true Dips or Gauges of the Wort, Wash, Low Wines, Spirits or Feints therein; and in case any Officer or Officers of Excise shall not be permitted and suffered to enter into, or to continue in the Distillery, Stillhouse or other Place aforesaid, of any such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, or to take such Account as aforesaid, or to make such Examination as aforesaid, or to regauge or remeasure any Still or Stills, or the Head or Heads, or any Part thereof, or any Copper, Tun> Back, Cooler, Cask, Vessel or Utensil, or to examine the Dipping Place or Places thereof for the Purpose or Purposes aforesaid, or if any such Officer or Officers shall be hindered or obstructed in the due Execution of any Part of hi* Duty; then and in every such Case such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and after any Obstruction of any Officer or Officers of Excise, from entering into any such Distillery, Stillhouse or other Place aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any and every such Officer, with proper Assistants, and on producing his Commission, to break open by Force any Doors leading or belonging to such Distillery, Stillhouse or other Place aforesaid, or any of the Windows thereof, or to break through any of the Walls, so far as shall be necessary for obtaining Entrance thereunto.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller who shall be licensed under this Act shall, Twelve Hours before beginning to mix, mash or brew any Malt or Grain to be made

1° GEO. IV. C. 74. 313

into Wort, give or cause to be given to the proper Officer of tion to mix, Excise under whose Survey the Distillery of such Distiller shall mask or brew then be, a Notice in Writing, specifying therein the particular fro?1 Malt, &c. Time and Hour when such mixing, mashing or brewing is in- QU^iJ/of tended to be begun, and the true Quantity of Winchester Bushels Materials. of Malt, and of unmalted Grain, intended to be mixed, mashed, or brewed, as the Case may require; and every Such mixing, mashing or brewing shall be begun and proceeded on at the Time and Hour mentioned in such Notice as aforesaid, or within Three Hours next after the Expiration of such Time and Hour, otherwise such Notice shall be and is hereby declared to be null and void, and every such Distiller shall give or cause to be given a fresh Notice to the Officer of Excise, before beginning to mix, mash or brew any Malt or Grain; and if any such Distiller shall neglect or refuse to comply with the several Particulars aforesaid, such Distiller shall for every such Neglect or Refusal forfeit and Penalty 50L lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful Distillers brew-for any Distiller licensed under this Act, to mix, mash or brew ing while the any Malt or Grain at any time whilst any Still or Stills in the ?t, u 18 7or^y Distillery of such Distiller is or are employed or used in distilling ^WieUie ^Con? or making Low Wines or Spirits, or whilst any such Still or Stills is mashing, is or are charged with any Wort, Wash or Low Wines for the purpose of distilling the same; and that whenever any such Dis- # tiller shall begin to distil any Wort or Wash, the Distillation of such Wort or Wash shall be continued without Interruption until the whole of the Wort or Wash then in the Custody or Possession of such Distiller shall be distilled into Spirits; and that all Operations of mixing, mashing or brewing, shall cease and be suspended so long as any such Wort or Wash as aforesaid shall be in Progress of Distillation into Spirits, and until the several Duties shall be duly charged on such Wash, and on the Spirits produced therefrom; and all Notices given by any such Distiller for the mixing, mashing or brewing of any Corn or Grain, whilst any Still or Stills in the Distillery of such Distiller shall be employed or used in distilling or making Low Wines or Spirits, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatever: And it shall not or unduly using be lawful for any such Distiller to employ or use any Still or or charging Stills in the distilling any Wash or Low Wines or Feints, nor to s^, l# overcharge any Still or Stills in the Distillery of such Distiller with men-any Wort, Wash, Low Wines or Feints, at any time whilst any tioned.

Corn or Grain shall be in the Progress of being mixed, mashed or brewed; and that all Operations of Distillation, or of charging any Still or Stills for the Purpose of Distillation, shall cease and be suspended so long as any such Corn or Grain shall be in Progress of being mixed, mashed or hrewed, for the Purpose of making or preparing Wort; and that every such Distiller, after he has completed his Operations of mixing, mashing or brewing, shall make out and deliver to the proper Officer of Excise a true Declaration in Writing, specifying that all the Wort, Wash and Bub, in his Custody or Possession, is collected into the entered Wash Backs . for Fermentation; and all Notices given by any such Distiller for taking Wash from any fermenting Back or Tun, or for opening any Lock or Locks for the Purpose of Distillation, whilst the

314 *

C. 74.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Penalties.

Proviso for Distillers now licensed and being licensed before Nov.

10, 1820, to distil not more than 2000 Gallons.

Increasing Gravity of Wort drawn from the Mash Tun by Lob, Sec .; or mixing Wort, after Gravity is ascertained; or concealing Wort.

Penalty 200L

The whole Quantity of Wort for Fermentation to be collected within Six Hours, and Declaration

Operation of mixing, mashing or brewing any Corn or Grain shall be carrying on or proceeding, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and every Distiller in whose Distillery any Malt, Corn or Grain shall be mixed, mashed or brewed, or any Still shall be charged with Wort, Wash or Low Wines, or any Wort, Wash or Low Wines shall be distilled, or any Spirits shall be made at any Time so as aforesaid prohibited by this Act, or who shall neglect or refuse to make out and deliver a Declaration as aforesaid, or shall make out and deliver a false Declaration, shall, over and above all other Penalties, forfeit and lose for each and every Offence the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Regulations immediately hereinbefore contained, for prohibiting the mixing, mashing or brewing any Malt or Grain in the Distillery of any Distiller whilst any Still or Stills in such Distillery is employed in distilling or making Low Wines or Spirits, and for prohibiting the employing any Still in the distilling any Wash or Low Wines, or Feints, at any time whilst any Corn or Grain shall be in the Progress of being mixed, mashed or brewed, shall not extend to any Distiller who shall be licensed to keep or use any Still for Distillation, for Consumption in Scotland, at the Time of the passing of this Act, and who on taking out a Licence to keep or use any Still under this Act at any time on or before the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty, shall declare that he does not intend to distil more than Two thousand Gallons of Spirits in any Still or Stills so licensed during the Continuance of such Licence; and in whose Licence such Declaration shall be specified and set forth*.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That after any Wort shall have been drawn off from the Mash Tun, no Mixture called Lob, nor auy other Mixture or Substance whatsoever, shall be thrown into or mixed with such Wort, by means whereof the Gravity of such Wort may be increased; and if any such Mixture called Lob, or any other Mixture or Substance whatsoever, shall be thrown into of mixed with any such Wort, after the same shall have been drawn off from the Mash Tun, by means whereof the Gravity of any such Wort, or the Wash made therefrom, or any Part thereof, shall be increased; or if any Wort or Wash, after the Gravity thereof shall be ascertained and taken account of in manner required by this Act, shall be mixed with any other Wort or Wash brewed or made on any previous or subsequent Day; or if any such Wort or Wash as aforesaid, shall be mixed with any other Wort or Wash contained in any Back or Vessel whatsoever, or if any Wort or Wash shall be conveyed away or concealed, every Distiller in whose Distillery any such Offence shall be committed, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the whole Quantity of Wort intended to be placed in any Wash Back for Fermentation, at one and the same Time, in the Distillery of any Distiller licensed under this Act, shall be collected in such Wash Back within the Space of Six Hours from and after the Commencement of running or conveying any Part of the said Wort from the Coolers or other Vessels; and every such Distiller shall within

1° GEO. IV. C. 74. 315

such Six Hours make and deliver to the proper Officer a Declaration in Writing that such Wort so collected as aforesaid is of a Gravity not exceeding Eighty one, Seventy five, Seventy, or Sixty five respectively, as indicated by AUaris Saccharometer, according to the Gravity at which such Distiller shall be licensed to make or brew his Wort for Fermentation respectively; and in such Declaration there shall also be stated the exact Number of dry Inches of the Wash Back in which such Wort shall be collected, set or prepared, and also the Number of such Wash Back; and if any Wort, after being so collected as aforesaid, shall be found to exceed such Gravity as aforesaid respectively, every such Distiller shall immediately reduce the same with Water to the proper Gravity in the Presence of the Officer of Excise, who shall charge the Duty imposed by this Act on the increased Quantity of Wort occasioned by such Reduction in Gravity; and every such Distiller shall be charged from and by the highest Gauge or Quantity found by the Officer at any time from the Period when the Wort shall be collected and set for Fermentation, and until the Wash made therefrom shall be run and conveyed to the Still, without any Allowance for Waste, Leakage, Dregs, Yeast, Sediment or Bottoms whatsoever; and if any such Distiller shall refuse or neglect so to collect all such Wort within the Time aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse to make and deliver such Declaration as aforesaid, or shall make any false Declaration respecting the same, or shall ferment or mix such Wort with any Yeast, or with any other Matter or Thing for or occasioning Fermentation, before the proper Officer of Excise shall have examined and taken an Account of the Gravity of such Wort by such Saccharometer; or if at any time after any such Declaration shall be made and delivered, the Quantity of Wash in such Wash Back shall be increased to any Amount exceeding Seven Gallons in One hundred, every Distiller in whose Distillery any such Offence or Neglect shall be committed or take place, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

L. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Officer of Excise to take a Sample or Samples of any Wort at any time or times after the same shall have been drawn off from any Mash Tun, as often as may be necessary for the Purpose of ascertaining the Gravity thereof; and in Hke manner it shall be lawful for any Officer of Excise to take a Sample or Samples of any Wash, at any time or .times after the same shall have been put into any Wash Back for the Purpose of Fermentation, or ifito the Jack Back, Charging Back, or any other Back or Vessel whatsoever: Provided always, that all such Samples, when the same shall have been used for the Purposes of this Act, shall be returned into the Back or Vessel out of which the same shall have been taken; or otherwise may be kept by the said Officer, paying the full Value thereof, at the Option of such Officer.

LI. And be it further enacted, That every Wash Back which shall be used or kept in the Distillery of any Distiller licensed under this Act, for the Purpose of preparing or fermenting Wort or Wash, shall have a Hole or Dipping Place in the Top, and shall be so placed and constructed as that the Officer of Excise may be conveniently enabled to take his Dip or Gauge at such

Hole

made of the Gravity thereof, &G.

Neglecting to make such De claration, or making falae Declaration.

Penalty 2001.

Samples of Wort or Wash may be taken by Officer returning or paying for the same.

Every Wash Back to have a Dipping Hole in the Top, and a Brass Cock within Thirty Inches from the

C. 74.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Bottom thereof, and be so placed that the Officer may conveniently take his Dip and draw off a Sample.

Hole or Dipping Place at the Top thereof; and that there shall upon the Bottom of such Hole or Dipping Place be fixed and screwed a Plate of Brass or Iron, to prevent the same from being worn or altered; and every such Distiller shall, to the Satisfaction of the proper Supervisor of the District, or other Superior Officer, provide and fix, or cause to be provided and fixed, in every Wash Back as aforesaid, at any Distance within Thirty Inches from the Bottom thereof, a Brass Cock for the Purpose of enabling any Officer of Excise tP draw off, without Inconvenience or Delay, any Sample or Samples of the Wort or Wash contained therein; and if any Wash Back, without such Hole or Dipping Place at " id, shall

Penalty 2001.

On Increase of Gravity Double Duty to be paid, and Penalty of 200L

the Top, or without such Cock as aforesaid, shall be kept or used in the Distillery of any Distiller, or if any such Wash Back shall be sa placed or constructed as that the Officer of Excise cannot conveniently be enabled to take his Dip or Gauge, or to take such Sample or Samples as aforesaid, or if such Officer shall be hindered or prevented by any Person in such Distillery from taking any such Sample or Samples as aforesaid, every Distiller in whose Distillery such Offence or Neglect shall be committed or shall take place, shall for every such Offence or Neglect forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

LII. And be it further enacted, That if upon making Trial of or taking an Account for the Purpose of ascertaining the Gravity of the Wort or Wash in any Wash Back, by the said Instrument called Allans Saccharometer, it shall appear that the Wort or the Wash made therefrom shall have increased in Gravity since the last preceding Trial of the same with the same Instrument, to the Extent of Five Degrees, as indicated on that Instrument, the Wort or Wash in any and every such Wash Back shall be deemed and taken to have been fraudulently altered or changed, and the whole Quantity of Wort or Wash in such Wash Back shall be charged with Double the Duty which would have been payable under this Act upon such Wort or Wash if no such Alteration or Change had taken place, and every Distiller in whose Distillery such Offence shall be committed shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds *

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the Instruments to be used in order ta ascertain the Gravity of Wort or Wash, as di-Gra^r^Wort recte(^ by this Act, shall be those made in the manner of a cer-o/wash. ° tain Instrument called a Saccharometer, invented by Doctor Thomson, but described, from the Maker's Name, Allan's Saccharometer; and it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, by and with the Approbation of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and they are hereby required, to provide a sufficient Number of such Saccharometers to be used by the Officers of Excise acting in the Execution of this Act; and that One of the Instruments known by the Name of Allans Saccharometer, to be provided by the Commissioners of Excise as aforesaid, shall be and remain at their Office in the City of Edinburgh, and shall be shewn to any Distiller who shall desire to see the same, between the Hours of Eleven in the Morning and Three in the Afternoon.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller licensed under this Act shall provide and fix a proper Discharge Cock in

Saccharotnetere to be provided to ascertain the

One Saccharometer to remain at Excise Office.

Distillers to fix a proper Dis-

1° GEO. IV. C. 74. 317

every Wash Back used or kept for containing Wort or Wash for Fermentation; anti a Lock and Fastening shall be provided and maintained by the proper Supervisor of the District, at the Expense and Charge of every such Distiller, for properly and sufficiently locking and securing the Discharge Cock and Pipe of every Wash Back as aforesaid; which Lock and Fastening shall be locked and sealed by the proper Officer of Excise, and shall be and remain always so lockeu and sealed when such Wash Back shall contain any Wort or Wash, excepting when the same shall be opened by the proper Officer of Excise, who shall attend when thereunto required by such Distiller for the Purpose of opening such Lock Or Locks, and allowing the Wash in any such Wash Back to be conveyed by a Pipe or an open Trough into the Jack Back, in the manner hereinafter mentioned; and when any such Distiller shall make use of a Wash Main Pipe, communicating between the Wash Backs and the said Jack Back, such Wash Main Pipe shall be so placed and fixed that all Wash or Liquor put or entering therein shall run and be discharged or conveyed from thence into the said Jack Back, and neiUier rest in such Main Pipe nor run elsewhere; and no such Wash Back as aforesaid shall have any other Pipe or Conveyance entering into or passing out of the same, except the Pipe for running or conveying the Wort therein from the Coolers, and the Sewer Cock or Pipe, to be secured with a Lock and Fastening provided and maintained at the Expense of the Distiller, and kept locked and sealed by the Officer, and opened only for carrying off the Water with which such Wash Back may be cleansed or washed out, and except the Discharge Cock and Pipe hereby directed and required to be locked as aforesaid; and such Main ripe, Open Trough, or other Conveyance as aforesaid, shall not have any Stop Cock or Interruption therein whatever, which may prevent the whole Wash therein from running into the Jack Back; and if any such Distiller shall not provide and fix a proper Discharge Cock in every Wash Back used or kept for containing Wort or Wash for Fermentation as aforesaid, or shall refuse to pay for and maintain such Locks and Fastenings as aforesaid, or shall prevent or hinder the Officer from affixing any Lock or Fastening as aforesaid, or shall wilfully open, break or damage, or cause or suffer to be opened, broken or damaged, any of such Locks, Seals, Fastenings, Pipes or Cocks as aforesaid, or use any other Art or Contrivance whereby any Wort or Wash may or can be privately conveyed away or concealed from the Officer, or shall in any respect offend in any of the Matters or Things aforesaid, every such Distiller shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

LV. And be it further enacted, That no such Distiller shall have or keep any private Pipe, Stop Cock, or other private Conveyance, by which any Wort, Wash, or other Liquors fit for Distillation, may be conveyed'from one Wash Back to another, or from any such Wash Back to any Still or Stills of such Distiller, or into any other Vessel, Utensil or Place whatsoever; nor shall have or keep any private Vessel or Utensil for receiving, making, preparing or keening Wort, Wash, or other Materials nt for Distillation; nor shall have or keep in any Wash Back any Hole other

than

charge Cock in every Wash Back.

Locks, &c. provided by Supervisor, at Expense of Distiller, for securing Discharge Cocks and Pipes, and sealed and opened by Officer, and other Regulations as herein mentioned.

Distillers not providing Discharge Cocks, Ac.

Penalty 2001.

Distiller keeping private Pipe, Ac.

C. 74.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Penalty 2001.

Officers of Excise may break up Ground to search for private Pipe, &c.

Water not drawn off from Worm Tub when Spirits are not running upon Request of Officer.

Penalty 1001.

Removing Wash from Back where fermenting or fermented until Duty be charged.

Penalty 200L

Wort, See. fraudulently removed or concealed forfeited;

Distiller removing or con-

than the Dipping Place before mentioned, by which any Wort, Wash, or any other Liquor fit for Distillation, may be conveyed into or out of such Wash Back, on pain of forfeiting for every such private Pipe, Stop Cock, Conveyance* Vessel, Utensil or Hole, the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

LVI. And for the better Discovery of all private Pipes, Stop Cocks, and other private Conveyances and Utensils, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officers of Excise, or any of them, by Night or by Day, on Request first made and Cause declared, to break up the Ground in the Distillery of any Distiller licensed under this Act, or the Ground near adjoining, or any Wall, Partition or other Plate, to search for any such Pipe, Stop Cock, or any other private Conveyance or Utensil; and upon finding such Pipe or other Conveyance, to break up the Ground, House, Wall, or other Partition or Place through or into which any such Pipe or other Conveyance shall lead, and to break up or cut any such Pipe or other Conveyance, and to turn any Cock or Cocks, to try and examine whether such Pipe or other Conveyance may or can convey any Wort, Wash, or other Liquors fit for Distillation, out of one Back into another, or from any such Back into any Still or Stills, or into any other Utensil or Place whatsoever.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of Excise shall at any time when Low Wines or Spirits shall not be running off from a Still, require that the Water contained in any Worm Tub belonging to such Still shall be drawn or run off for the purpose of examining such Worm, and the Tub or Vessel containing the same, the same shall be drawn or run off accordingly; and if the same shall not be drawn or rim off by some Person in the Distillery, it shall be lawful for any such Officer to draw or run off such Water, or so much thereof as he shall think necessary; and if the Water shall not be so drawn or run off at the Request of such Officer, the Distiller in whose Distillery such Worm Tub shall be situate, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Wash in the Distillery of any Distiller licensed under this Act, shall be put into the Jack Back, Charging Back, or into any Still or Stills, or otherwise removed from the Back wherein the same was fermented, until such Wash shall have been gauged, and the Duty charged thereon by the proper Officer of Excise; and if, contrary to the Directions of this Act, any such Wash shall be put into any Jack Back, Charging Back or Still in the Distillery of any Distiller, or shall be otherwise removed from the Back wherein the same was fermenting or fermented, before the same shall have been gauged, and the Duty charged thereon, such Distiller shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That no Wort, Wash, Low Wines or Feints, in the Possession of any Distiller licensed under this Act, shall be removed or taken away from or out of the Distillery of such Distiller, nor shall any Wort, Wash, Low Wines or Feints be deposited, hid or concealed in any Place whatsoever, with Intent to evade the Duty imposed thereon; and when and so often as any Wort, Wash, Low Wines or Feints, shall be removed or taken away, or shall be deposited, hid or concealed, contrary

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 74. 319

to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, such Wort, Wash, cealing Wort, Low Wines or Feints respectively, shall be forfeited, and shall &c* Person

and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, together with the Casks and other Packages containing the same; and over p^nVeceiv-and besides such Forfeiture, such Distiller out of or from whose ing the same. Distillery any Wort, Wash, Low Wines or Feints shall be so removed or taken away, or who shall be privy to the depositing, hiding or concealing any Wort, Wash, Low Wines or Feints, or who shall cause the same to be removed, taken away or deposited, hid or concealed, and every Person who shall be employed in the removing or taking away, or depositing, hiding or concealing the 6ame, or who shall receive the same, shall severally forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, or the Sum of Twenty Penalty 2001-Shillings for every Gallon of such Wort, Wash, Low Wines or Feints, at the Election of His Majesty's Advocate General of Scotland, or of the Person or Persons who shall sue or prosecute for such Penalty.

LX. And be it further enacted, That before making or using Before making the Composition or Mixture called Bub, or any other Composition Bub or or Mixture for inducing or increasing the Fermentation of Wort ^7n^d°n or Wash, every Distiller of Spirits for Consumption in Scotland Fermentation shall make Entry of every Vessel used by such Distiller for the Entry to be purpose of making or keeping any such Composition or Mixture, made of the describing the same, and in what Part of the Premises the same is and

placed; and every such Distiller shall also give Notice to the proper Officer of Excise at least Six Hours before beginning to make any such Composition or Mixture, and shall also in such the making of Notice specify the particular Wash Back into which such Compo- any such Mix, sition or Mixture is to be put, and the Quantity of such Compo- ture« sition or Mixture to be made by such Distiller; which Quantity shall not exceed the Proportion of Five Gallons thereof for every One hundred Gallons of the Wort for inducing the Fermentation of which the said Composition or Mixture is to be prepared; and the Officer shall take an Account thereof in such Vessels respectively, and also of the Wort placed or to be placed in the Wash Back, for inducing the Fermentation of which the said Composition or Mixture is to be used, and shall and may at all times be at liberty to take a Sample or Samples of such Composition or Mixture, to ascertain the Gravity thereof by the said Saccharometer; and wherever the Gravity of such Composition or Mixture, or any What ComP<>-Pftrt thereof so ascertained, shall not exceed the Gravity of the "don* taken to Wort made by any such Distiller and so taken an Account of 1, 6 Wmsh# when collected as aforesaid, and wherever such Composition or Mixture shall be found of a Gravity not less than Twenty, as indicated by the said Saccharometer, such Composition or Mixture shall be deemed and taken to be Wash, and the Duty hereby imposed on Wort or Wash shall be charged thereon; and if any Not making such Distiller shall not make Entry of every such Vessel as Entry, or neg-aforesaid, or shall at any time alter or change the Position of any ^*t*.n*10 KIV# of such Vessels without giving Notice thereof in Writing to the otherwise of-proper Officer of Excise, or shall not give such Notice as is herein fending a* directed, or shall make any such Composition or Mixture of a herein men-

riter Quantity or Gravity than aforesaid, or if the Officer shall boned, prevented or obstructed in taking an Account thereof, or

Samples

320

C. 7*.

P GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Penalty 200L

In what case such Mixture to be clmrged.

Regulations respecting the Conveyance of Wash from the Fermenting Back to the Jack Back, &c.

Samples as aforesaid, as often and at such times as he may think necessary to ascertain the Gravity and Quantity thereof, or if such Distiller shall refuse or neglect to remove and put all such Composition or Mixture into the Wash Back specified in such Notice as aforesaid immediately after the Wort is collected therein, and a Declaration of the Gravity of such Wort is delivered to, and the Gravity thereof has been tried by the Officer, for the fermenting of which the said Composition or Mixture was specified in such Notice as aforesaid, or shall keep in any such Vessel any such Composition which shall have become attenuated so low as Twenty, as indicated by the said Saccharometer, or if such Distiller shall at any time increase the Gravity of any such Composition or Mixture after Trial thereof shall have been once made by means of the said Saccharometer, or if after such Trial shall have been made, the Gravity of any such Composition or Mixture shall be found to be more than Five Degrees greater, than indicated by the said Saccharometer, than the Gravity thereby indicated on such Trial as aforesaid, every such Distiller so offending in any of the above Particulars, or in whose Premises any such Offence shall be committed, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds: Provided always, that if any such Composition or Mixture made by any such Distiller shall not have become attenuated so low as Twenty, as indicated by the said Instrument called a Saccharometer, and such Distiller shall within Twenty four Hours after such Composition or Mixture shall have been begun to be made, to be reckoned from the time that the Officer first took an Account thereof, remove and put the Whole thereof into the Wash Back specified in such Notice as aforesaid in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise, and if such Officer shall then find an Increase of the Quantity of Wort in such Wash Back equal to the Amount arising from such Composition or Mixture put therein, such Composition or Mixture put therein shall be charged with Duty therein, as Part of the Wort or Wash in such Wash Back, and not distinctly and separately therefrom.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That all Wash made or used by any Distiller licensed under this Act shall be conveyed immediately from the Wash Back in which such Wash shall have been fermented, into an entered Vessel called a Jack Back, and such Jack Back shall not have any Pipe or Communication with any Vessel or Vessels, Utensil or Utensils whatsoever, other than and except with such Wash Backs by means of the Wash Main Pipe, Open Trough, or other Conveyance for running or conveying the Wash from the Wash Back, into such Jack Back, and with the Wash Charging Back by medhs of the Wash Pump; and that every such Vessel called a Jack Back shall have a sufficient Cover thereon, and a Pump placed and fixed therein for conveying the Wash from and out of such Jack Back to a Vessel called a Wash Charging Back hereinafter mentioned; and a proper Lock and Fastening, or proper Locks and Fastenings, shall be provided and maintained by the proper Supervisor of the District, at the Expence and Charge of every such Distiller, for properly and sufficiently locking and securing the Cover of such Jack Back and Wash Pump respectively; which Locks and Fastenings shall be locked and sealed by the proper Officer of Excise, and shall

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 74. 321

be and remain always so locked and sealed excepting when the same shall be opened by the proper Officer of Excise, who shall attend when thereunto required by a Notice in Writing from such Distiller, for the Purpose of opening such Lock or Locks, and allowing the Wash to be pumped from such Jack Back and conveyed into the Wash Charging Back, to be from thence conveyed into the Still or Stills in the Manner hereinafter mentioned; and that no such Jack Back shall have any Pipe or other Conveyance into or out of the same other than as aforesaid, or any open Hole therein, except a Dipping Hole in the Cover thereof, of not more than One Inch in Length and Three tenths of an Inch in Breadth; and if a Vessel called a Jack Back, constructed in the Manner aforesaid, shall not be provided in the Distillery of any such Distiller, or if a Pump shall not be placed and 'fixed therein for the Purposes aforesaid, or if such Jack Back shall be employed or used for any other Purpose than as aforesaid, or such Locks and Fastenings as aforesaid shall not be paid for and maintained, or if any Officer shall be prevented or hindered by any Person in the Distillery of such Distiller from affixing any Lock or Fastening as aforesaid, or if any of such Locks, Seals and Fastenings as aforesaid shall be wilfully and injuriously opened, broken or damaged, or if any Art or Contrivance, whereby any Wash may or can be privately conveyed away into such Jack Back, or privately conveyed away from or out of such Jack Back, shall be made use of in the Distillery of such Distiller, or if such Distiller shall in any respect offend in any of the Matters or Things aforesaid, every such Distiller shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That all Wash made or used by any Distiller licensed under this Act, after being conveyed in manner aforesaid into the Jack Back before mentioned, shall be conveyed immediately from such Jack Back into an entered Vessel called a Wash Charging Back, which shall not have any Communication with any Vessel or Vessels, Utensil or Utensils whatsoever, except with such Jack Back by means of the fixed Pump therein, and which shall not have any Pipe or Pipes, except One Pipe leading from such Pump, which Pipe shall be a close Pipe, and be made of some durable Metal, naving One End thereof firmly and substantially fixed to the said Wash Pump, and the other End thereof firmly and substantially fixed to the Charging Back, and one other close Metal Pipe, having one End thereof firmly and substantially fixed to the Bottom of such Wash Charging Back, and the other End thereof firmly and substantially fixed to the Still for the purpose of conveying Wash into such Still; and that on such last mentioned Pipe there shall be a charging Cock, the Key of which shall be of One Piece, and so rivetted into the Cock, of which it is a Part, as to prevent the same from being taken out of the Body of such Cock; and that such Wash Charging Back shall have a sufficient Cover thereon, and shall be capable of containing the whole Quantity of Wash which any such Distiller shall intend to distil into Low Wines during the Space of Twelve Hours, and shall in all cases be placed in the Still House, and not hidden or concealed, but shall be exposed to open View, and accessible to the Officers of Excise on all Parts thereof, ai>d

Distillers not complying with the Regulations herein mentioned.

Penalty 2001.

Regulations respecting the conveying Wash from the Jack Back to an entered Vesacl called a Wash Charging Back, &c.

322

C. 74.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Distiller* not complying with the Regulation* herein mentioned.

Penalty 200k

Twelvo Hour* Notice of running Wash to the Jack Back.

] n what case Notice void.

shall be situate as near as conveniently may be to the Still or Stills to which it shall form the Means of Charge; and that a proper Lock and Fastening, or proper Locks and Fastenings, shall be provided and maintained by the proper Supervisor of the District, at the Expense and Charge of every such Distiller, for properly and sufficiently locking and securing the Cover of such Wash Charging Back; and that such Locks and Fastenings shall be locked and sealed by the proper Officer of Excise, and shall be and remain always so locked and sealed, excepting when it shall appear necessary to the proper Officer to open the same for any special or particular Purpose; and that such Wash Charging Back shaM not have any Pipe or other Conveyance into or out of the same other than as aforesaid, nor any open Hole therein, except a Dipping Hole in the Cover thereof, of not more than One Inch in Length and Three tenths of an Inch in Breadth; and if such Vessel called a Wash Charging Back shall not be provided and constructed and placed in the Distillery of any Distiller in the Manner aforesaid, and of the Size aforesaid; or if the Pipes or Charging Cock as aforesaid shall not be provided, or shall not be fixed and rivetted in the Manner aforesaid; or if any such Wash Charging Back shall be employed or used for any other Purpose than as aforesaid; or such Locks and Fastenings as aforesaid shall not be paid for and maintained; or if the Officer shall be hindered or prevented by any Person in the Distillery of such Distiller, from affixing any Lock or Fastenings as aforesaid; or if any such Lock, Seal, Fastening, Pipe or Cock as aforesaid, shall be wilfully and injuriously broken or damaged; or if there shall be any open Hole in such Wash Charging Back, other than as aforesaid; or if any such Distiller, or any Person in his Employ or at his Command, shall use any Art or Contrivance whereby any Wash may w can be privately conveyed into such Wash Charging Back, or privately conveyed from or out of such Wash Charging Back into Tiny Still or Stills, or into any other Vessel or Place whatsoever, or shall in any respect offend in any of the Matters or Things aforesaid, every such Distiller shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Distiller licensed under this Act shall be desirous of running or conveying Wash into the Jack Back for the Purpose of being pumped into the Charging Back, and from thence run into any Still or Stills in the Distillery of such Distiller, to be distilled into Low Wines, every such Distiller shall give or cause to be given to the proper Officer of Excise under whose Survey such Distiller shall then be, a Notice in Writing at least Twelve Hours before the particular Time and Hour of the Day or Night when such Wash is intended to be run or conveyed as aforesaid, expressing in such Notice the particular Number of the fermenting Wash Back from which such Wash is to be taken; and in case the running or conveying of such Wash from the fermenting Wash Back into the Jack Back shall not be begun at the Time and Hour mentioned in such Notice, or within Two Hours next after the Expiration of such Time and Hour, then every such Notice shall be and is hereby declared null and void, and every such Distiller or Distillers shall be obliged to give, or cause to be given, another like Notice in

1° GEO. IV. 323 C. 74.

Writing before the Officer shall be bound to open the Discharge Cock or Wash Pump so locked and sealed as aforesaid.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Officers of Excise shall from time to time attend, agreeably to such Notice so to be given as before directed, or at farthest within One Hour after the particular Time or Hour mentioned in any such Notice; and such Officer shall open the Wash Pump and the Discharge Cock of the Fermenting Wash Back specified in such Notice; and every such Distiller, or his, her or their Servants, shall proceed, without unnecessary Delay, to run off into the Jack Back, and from thence to convey into the Wash Charging Back, the whole Quantity of Wash intended to be distilled into Low Wines within the next Twelve Hours, reckoning from the Time or Hour mentioned in the Notice to be given to the Officer as aforesaid; and such Officer shall continue in the House all the Time that such Wash is running into the Jack Back, and until the whole Quantity as aforesaid shall be pumped up to the Charging Back; and such Officer aliall immediately thereupon lock and secure, as before, the Wash Pump and Discharge Cock of the Fermenting Wash Back from which the Wash was taken, and shall ascertain the Quantity of Wash decreased from such Wash Back, and shall also dip and gauge the Quantity conveyed into the Charging Back before any Part thereof shall be run into the Still or Stills; and in case such Officer shall find a greater Quantity of Wash in the Charging Back than shall appear to be decreased from the Fermenting Wash Back, the whole Quantity found in such Charging Back shall be deemed Wash of one and the same Quality, and every such Distiller shall be charged with and shall pay the Duties imposed by this Act on Wort or Wash for every such Surplus Quantity found by the Officers of Excise in such Charging Back in the Manner aforesaid; and if any Quantity of Wash shall be run and conveyed into the Jack Back, from any Wash Back not particularly mentioned or described in the Notice as before mentioned, or if any Quantity of Wash shall be run or conveyed into any Still or Stills in the Distillery of such Distiller, before the Officer shall have gauged and ascertained the Quantity of Wash pumped into the Charging Back, such Distiller shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and it shall be lawful for the Officer to turn the Discharge Cock of any Still or Stills, to examine whether any Wash has been run or conveyed therein, and to gauge and ascertain the same; and every such Distiller shall be charged with, and shall pay for the same, at the same Rate of Duty as for the Wash contained in the Charging Back at the Time when such Offence shall be committed.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That no Feints, or any other Liquor whatsoever, shall be mixed with or amongst the Wash in the Wash Charging Back, or in any Still or Stills, or other Vessel or Utensil whatsoever, in the Distillery of any Distiller; and if any Feints, or any other Liquor fit for Distillation, shall be mixed with or amongst the Wash in any such Wash Charging Back, or if any Officer of Excise shall find any Increase of the Quantity in such Wash Charging Back, over and above the Quantity found therein, on the Survey immediately preceding (except when Wash is conveyed therein according to Notice) , every such Increase

Officers to attend dll the Wash is conveyed to the Charging Back, &c. and to compare the Decrease from the Fermendng Back with the Increase found in the Charging Back, and charge the Duty on Surplus.

Duty upon Surplus.

Running Wash from Back not mentioned in Notice, &c *

Penalty 2001.

Feints, Sec. not to be mixed with Wash in Charging Back, &c.

Increases taken to be Wash privately brought in, &c.

324 C. 74. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820

Penalty 2001.

Wash contained in any Wash Rack to be distilled oil'into Spirits and Feints, or into Low Wines, before Wash is

Notices void.

Still having more titan One fixed Charging Pipe and One Discharge Cock.

Penalty 2001.

Distillers to provide and affix a proper Air Conductor of a certain Construction to every Still.

Penalty 2001.

Openings to be made in Breast of Stills not less than Two

shall be deemed and taken to arise from Wash privately brought in, and which shall be held to be Wash of one and the same Quality with the Wash taken an Account of in such Wash Charging Back, by the Officer on his Survey immediately preceding; and every such Distiller, for every such Increase so found as aforesaid* shall be charged with and shall pay the Duties granted by this Act on Wort or Wash, and such Distiller shall also for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller licensed under this Act, who shall have given such Notice as before mentioned, and who shall have acted upon such Notice, by conveying Wash from the Fermenting Wash Back into the Jack Back, and from thence to the Charging Back, in the Manner before mentioned, shall continue from time to time (upon Notice being given to the Officer) to run and convey Wash from the same Fermenting Wash Back in the same Manner, until the whole Wash shall be run or conveyed therefrom into the Jack Back, and from thence into the Wash Charging Back, and from thence into the Still, and distilled into Low Wines, before it shall be lawful for any such Distiller to run Wash from any other Wash Back into the Jack Back, for the Purpose of being conveyed into the Charging Back, and thence into the Still; and all Notices given to any Officer of Excise contrary hereto, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That there shall not be any fixed Pipe, or other Conveyance whatever, leading to any Still or Stills in the Distillery of any Distiller licensed under this Act, save and except only One fixed Charging Pipe to each such Still, leading from the entered Charging Back in such Distillery; and that there shall not be any Opening whatever, in or from any such Still or Stills, save and except the Discharge Cock to each Still respectively belonging, and the Head of such Still, terminating in the Worm; on pain that every such Distiller shall forfeit for every fixed Pipe or Conveyance, leading to or from any such Still or Stills, (other than as before excepted) the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That a proper and sufficient Air Conductor shall be provided and affixed to each and every Still used in the Distillery of any Distiller licensed under this Act, to the Satisfaction of the proper Supervisor or other Superior Officer, which Air Conductor shall be in the Form of a Pipe, and so bent that one End thereof shall be clenched and soldered to the Still, and the other End thereof, having small Holes of not more than Two tenths of an Inch in Diameter perforated therein, shall rest on the Still; and that on such Air Conductor there shall be a Qock, the Key of which shall be of One Piece, and so rivetted into the Cock, of which it is a Part, as to prevent the same being taken out of the Body of such Cock; and every Distiller in whose Distillery any Still shall be set up or used without such Air Conductor being provided and affixed thereto, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That in the Breast of every Still used by any Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits licensed under this Act, there shall be a Hole or Opening made

1° GEO. IV. C. 74. 325

to the Intent that the Officers of Excise may be enabled to take Gauges and Samples, at the Time and in the Manner herein mentioned; which Hole or Opening shall not be less than Two Inches in Diameter, and so contrived that the Officers may take a Sample or Samples from the Still with a Phial, to be drawn perpendicularly through the same; and proper Locks and Fastenings shall be provided and maintained by the proper Supervisor of the District, at the Expense and Charge of every such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, for properly and sufficiently locking and securing the said Hole or Opening, and for securing the Head of each and every Still, and the Furnace Door of each and every Still respectively used by such Distiller, Rectifier1 or Compounder, which Locks and Fastenings shall be locked and sealea by the proper Officer of Excise; and if any Still shall be set up or used in the Distillery of any such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, in the Breast whereof such Hole or Opening of the Size aforesaid shall not be made, or if such Locks and Fastenings shall not be paid for and maintained as aforesaid, or if the Officer shall be prevented or hindered by any Person in the Distillery of such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder from affixing any Lock or Fastening as aforesaid, or if any of the Locks, Seals and Fastenings as aforesaid, shall be wilfully and injuriously opened, broken or damaged, or if by any Means, Device or Contrivance whatsoever, any Furnace Door, or any Fastening on the Head of any Still, or on the Hole or Opening in the Breast of any Still in the Distillery of any Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder shall be wilfully and injuriously opened by any such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, or by any Person in his, her or their Employ, or under his, her or their Command, after the same shall nave been locked and secured by the Officer of Excise, every such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder shall for every such Offence or Neglect respectively, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That no Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits licensed under this Act, shall have or keep any Ppening, fixed Pipe or other Conveyance whatever, leading to any Still or Stills belonging to or used by such Rectifier or Compounder, other than and except One Charging Pipe to each such Still, and one Hole or Opening made according to the Directions of this Act, to the Intent that the Officers of Excise may take Gauges and Samples, nor shall have or keep any Opening, fixed Pipe, or other Conveyance whatever, leading from any such Still or Stills, save and except the Discharge Cock to each Still respectively belonging, and the Head of such Still, terminating in the Worm; and proper Locks and Fastenings shall be provided and maintained by the proper Supervisor of the District, at the Expense and Charge of every such Rectifier or Compounder, for properly and sufficiently locking and securing the Charge and Discharge Cock of each and every Still respectively used by such Rectifier or Compounder; which Locks and Fastenings shall be locked and sealed by the proper Officer of Excise, and shall be and remain always so locked and sealed when the Still is at work; and if any such Rectifier or Compounder shall have or keep any such Opening, fixed Pipe, or other Conveyance (not before excepted)' leading to or leading from such Still or Stills, or shall i Y 3 refuse

Inches in Diameter.

Not making such Openings, or not paying for and maintaining Fastenings, or if apenifigotv damaging anr Lock or Fastening, &c.

Penalty 2001.

Rectifiers or Compounders having Conveyances to or from Stills not allowed, or not paying for Locks and Fastenings for securing the Charge and Discharge Cocks, or opening or breaking Locks or Fastenings.

C. 74. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

refuse to pay for and maintain such Locks and Fastenings as aforesaid, or shall prevent or hinder the Officer from affixing any Lock or Fastening as aforesaid, or shall wilfully open, break or damage, or cause or suffer to be opened, broken or damaged, any of such Locks, Seals, or Fastenings as aforesaid, every such Rectifier or Compounder shall, for every such fixed Pipe, Opening or Penilty 200L Conveyance, (not before excepted) and for every such Lock, Sea) , or Fastening, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds. Direetioos as

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Discharge Cock ctomrce Cwkin belonging to eac^ and every Still of such Distiller, Rectifier or the Body of the Compounder of Spirits licensed under this Act, shall be so fixed Still to which and placed in the Bod£ of the respective Stills, as that the Officers it belongs. of Excise may have free and convenient Access to the same; and for that Purpose every such Discharge Cock shall be continued in a straight Line from the Body of the Still to which it is fixed, and such Discharge Cock shall not, in any Case, project more than Three Feet from the Body of any such Still, nor more than Eighteen Inches from the Brickwork, or other Materials whereon the

Penalty 1001.

Distillers, &c. to have the Keys of every Charge Cock and of every Discharge Cock made and constructed in the manner herein mentioned.

said respective Still or Stills shall be erected or placed; and if any such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, shall fix or place the Discharge Cock of any Still otherwise than as herein directed, or shall in any respect offend in any of the Matters or Things aforesaid, every such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Keys of every Charging Cock, and of every Discharge Cock, that shall be made use of by any Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, licensed under this Act, for charging, or for discharging and emptying any Still or Stills, or any entered Back, Vessel or Utensil respectively made use of by such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, shall be had, made and constructed in manner following, and in no other Form or Manner whatever; that is to say, the Key of each and every such Cock shall be made with an open Eye or Hole in the Top Part thereof, and every such Eye or Hole shall be of such a Size as to be capable of receiving a Leaver, sufficient to turn the respective Cock or Cocks, at the Times when the Officers shall have Occasion to turn the same, in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities to them given for that Purpose; and every such Key of every such Cock and Cocks shall be of One Piece; and such Charging Cocks and Discharge Cocks respectively shall not have any Hole or Place of Discharge, but at the Mouth only; and no such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder shall, for any Purpose, or on any Pretence whatsoever, fix or place, or suffer to be fixed or placed, any Grate, Strainer or any other Thing whatsoever, on or before the Mouth of any such Charge Cock, or of any Discharge Cock; but the Mouths of each and every such Cock shall be left free and clear from every thing that can or may prevent the Officers of Excise from searching and examining the Inside of the Mouth or Opening of each and every such Cock; and no such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder shall have or keep any Iron or other Cap or Covering upon any such Cock, so as to prevent the Officers of Excise from distinctly seeing and easily examining every such Cock; and if any such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder shall make use of, or shall fix

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 74. 327

or place any Charge Cock or Discharge Cock to any Still or Stills, or to any other entered Backs, Vessels or Utensils, of any other Construction or Make than that hereinbefore mentioned; or shall in any respect offend in any of the Matters or Things aforesaid; then and in every such Case every such Distiller, Rectifier or, Compounder shall for each Offence respectively forfeit and lose Penalty 100I. the Sum of One hundred Pounds *

[Distiller *, Ac.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, licensed under this Act, to 1PJ Notice shall be desirous to have the Furnace Door of any Still or Stills ^Fur in the Distillery of such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder un- nacTDoow of" locked, and to have a Fire lighted under such Still or Stills, such Stills opened, Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder shall give, or cause to be given, and of lighting to the proper Officer of Excise* under whose Survey such Distiller, *re un" Rectifier or Compounder shall then be, a Notice in Writing at dtfr lhc *ame* least Twelve Hours before the particular Time and Hour of the Day or Night when such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder is desirous to have such Fire lighted; and in case any such Distiller,

Rectifier or Compounder shall not have a Fire lignted under such Still or Stills at the Time and Hour mentioned in such Notice, or within Two Hours next after the Expiration of such Time and Hour, then every such Notice shall be and is hereby declared null and void; and every such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder shall be obliged to give another like Notice in Writing before the Officer shall be bound to open the Furnace Door of any such Still or Stills as aforesaid.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Officers of Excise Direction* reshall from time to time attend agreeably to such Notice so to be ktiye to Offi-given as before directed, or, at farthest, within One Hour after foropen-the particular Time or Hour mentioned in any such Notice, and iDg(a, d to. such Officer shall open the Furnace Door of any Still mentioned his opening in such Notice: Provided always, that such Officer shall not on tljq Furnace, any Pretence open the Furnace Door of any Still belonging to D00" Stills, any Rectifier or Compounder of Spirit which shall not be fully charged, nor until he hath examined the Contents of such Still or Stills, and hath seen the Head or Heads of such Still or Stills respectively actually put on and ready to be locked down; and that such Officer, when attending on any such Notice at the Still House of any such Rectifier or Compounder, shall not be obliged to continue more than One Hour at any one time; and if such Rectifier or Compounder shall not within that Time have charged the Still or Stills mentioned in such Notice, and have put on the Head or Heads of such Still or Stills respectively, so- as such Head be ready to be locked down, every such Rectifier and Compounder shall be obliged to give another like Notice in Waiting, before the Officer shall be obliged to attend again to open the Furnace Door or Doors of any such Still or Stills.

LXXV. And be it further eri&cted, That every such Rectifier Rectifiers not or Compounder of Spirits shall, before beginning to draw off any chsrging their Spirits from any Still or Stills, charge the same with a Quantity of Liquor, in the Proportion of not less than Seven Parts in Ten of the whole Quantity of Liquor which any such Still, including the off in dye time* Head, is capable of containing; and every such Still shall remain and continue so charged until the Rectifier or Compounder shall

begin

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 74. 328

Penalty 1CX)1.

Distillers may charge their Stills with any Proportion of Liquor, and work them off.

Rectifiers or Compounders shall cause the Heads of their Stills to be taken off so soon as the same shall cease to be worked, &c.

Penalty 1001.

Officers may take Still Gauges and Samples,

Wash mixed with Low Wines, &c. in SOIL

Penalties.

No Distiller, dec. to distil, rectify or compound Spirits till proper Fastenings ore found.

begin to draw off Spirits therefrom; and every such Still shall be worked off within Eight Hours, to be computed from the Time of the Officers taking the Gauge of the Still or Stills respectively; and if any such Rectifier or Compounder shall begin to draw off any Spirits from any Still or Stills not so charged, or shall not work off the same respectively within such Eight Hours, such Rectifier or Compounder shall forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

LXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Distiller of Spirits licensed under this Act to charge any Still or Stills in the Distillery of such Distiller with any Proportion of Wash, Low Wines or Feints, and to work off any Still or Stills when charged with Wash, Low Wines or Feints, within any such Period of Time as such Distiller shall think proper and convenient.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That every such Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits shall take off, or cause to be taken off, the Head or Heads of any Still or Stills when and so soon as any such Still or Stills shall have ceased to be worked; and the Head or Heads of such Still or Stills shall in no Case, nor on any Pretence or on any Account, be put on such Still or Stills until each such Still shall be again charged and ready to work, nor until the Officer shall have examined the Quality of the Spirits then in each such Still; and if any such Rectifier or Compounder shall neglect to take off each and every Head from each respective Still when and so soon as each such Still shall have ceased to be worked, or shall in any Case, or on any Pretence or Account whatsoever, put on any such Head or Heads on any Still or Stills before such Still or Stills shall be charged and ready to work, and before the Officer shall have examined the Quality of the Spirits then in such Still or Stills, every such Rectifier and Compounder so offending, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Officers of Excise, and they are hereby authorized and required to take Still Gauges, when they shall deem it necessary so to do, of all Liquors of any Kind whatsoever, which shall be put into any Still or Stills belonging to any Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits licensed under this Act, at any time or times after any Still is charged, and before such Still has begun to work, and to take Samples of such Liquors at any time or times after such Still is charged, and before such Still has begun to work, and also after such Still or Stills are worked off: and if any Officer of Excise shall at any time discover in any Still in the Distillery of any such Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder, any Wash put into or mixed with any Low Wines, Feints, or Spirits, every such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder shall, for every such Offence, over and above all other Penalties, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits licensed under this Act, shall proceed to distil, rectify or compound Spirits, before such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder respectively shall have found and affixed proper and sufficient Fastenings, Locks and Keys, provided,

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 74. 329

vided, certified and approved of in Writing by the proper Supervisor of the District, for locking and securing every Vessel,

Utensil, Conveyance, Cock, Pipe, Pump, Article and Thing required in pursuance of the Directions of this Act to be so locked and secured; every such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder shall, for each and every Neglect, Refusal or Offence in any such Par- Penalty 200I. ticular, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

LXXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when Officer* to open and so often as it shall be found necessary to have any Lock or Locks and Fastening opened for the Purpose of cleaning, repairing or amend- P^tenings for ing any Vessel, Utensil, Conveyance, Cock, Pipe, Pump, Article ^m^nL Uten-or Thing, required by this Act to be locked and secured, or either gjl*. ° of them; then and m every such Case it shall be lawful for the Officers of Excise to open the same for all the Time the Workmen shall be actually employed in cleaning, repairing and amending the same; but in such Case the Officers shall lock and secure every Still Head, Wash Pump and Furnace Door belonging to any Still every Night, when and so soon as the Workmen so employed shall leave off their Work; and such Officers shall attend at Six of the Clock each Morning whilst such Repairs are doing, in order to open such Still Heads, Wash Pumps and Furnace Doors.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Distillers may lawful for any Distiller licensed under this Act, upon giving alter or enlarge Notice in Writing to the proper Officer of Excise as required and s, c of directed by this Act, to alter or enlarge the Size or Capacity of new*^* any Still or Stills used or employed in the Distillery of such Dis- without taking tiller, or to erect a new Still or Stills, without taking out a fresh out a fresh Li-Licence for the same, during the unexpired Term of any Licence cence, upon of such Distiller then in force; provided that due Entry of such <»mply«|g ^With Still or Stills shall be made pursuant to the Directions and in herein con-0"* Manner hereinbefore mentioned with respect to any Still or Stills; tained. and provided also, that in every such Case such Distiller shall apply to the Commissioners of Excise, or to the Person or Persons appointed by them, and authorised to grant Licences, or to the Collector and Supervisor of Excise within whose Collection and District such Distiller or Distillers shall reside; and the said Commissioners or other Persons, or such Collector or Supervisor, shall indorse on the original Licence granted to any such Distiller, the Size or Capacity of such Stills when so altered or enlarged, or of any new Still or Stills erected and set up by any such Distiller, together with the Time when such Alteration or Enlargement took place, or when any new Still or Stills was or were erected; and if any such Distiller or Distillers shall alter or enlarge any Still, or shall erect any new Still without complying with the Particulars aforesaid, such Distiller shall be liable to all the Penalties imposed by this Act for working with unlicensed Penalties. Stills.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Distiller* may lawful for any Distiller, licensed under this Act, at any time to discontinue the discontinue the working of any Still or Stills in the Distillery of such Distiller, at any time during the Continuance of the Licence Notj* of such Distiller, upon giving Four Days* previous Notice in Writing to the proper Officer of Excise, of the Intention of such

330 C. 74. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

How Excess Spirits from Wash shall be charged on Discontinuance of working, or at End of every Twelve Weeks,

Stills not to be worked on Sunday.

Penalty 5001.

No Pipe, &c. to be fixed to End of the Worm of any Still, &c.

Distiller so to do, expressing in such Notice the Day on which the working of such Still or Stills is to be discontinued.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Distiller shall not give Notice for discontinuing the working of any Still or Stills in his Distillery, at some Period before the Expiration of Twelve Weeks from the Time when he shall have first commenced the working of such Still or Stills, or from the Time when he shall have recommenced the working of any such Still or Stills after having discontinued the working of the same, every such Distiller shall at Ten of the Clock on the Evening of the last Day of the Twelfth Week from the Commencement or Recommencement of working as aforesaid, cause every Still or Stills used by such Distiller to be worked off, and shall also at the same Time cause all the Low Wines and Feints in the Possession of such Distiller, to be worked up and distilled into Spirits, except the Feints arising from the last Charge of the Low Wine Still; and if such Distiller during any such Period of Twelve Weeks as aforesaid, or during any shorter Period for which he may have worked any Still or Stills, shall have distilled, made or produced any Quantity of Spirits exceeding the Quantity of Spirits to be produced according to the Directions of this Act in proportion to the Gravity of the Wort or Wash made by such Distiller, and specified in the Licence of such Distiller, every such Distiller shall be charged with and shall pay the Duties imposed by this Act on such Excess Quantity of Spirits according to the several Rates in this Act before mentioned and expressed.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, licensed under this Act, shall work or charge any Still on the Lord's Day, commonly called, Sunday, (that is to say) , if any Still shall not be completely discharged and worked off at or before Eleven of the Clock on Saturday Night, and shall not continue uncharged until One of the Clock on Monday Morning following, or if any Still or Stills shall be found charged or at work or filled with any Liquid other than Water between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock on Satur day Night and One of the Clock on Monday Morning, then every such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, in whose Premises such Offence shall be committed, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds for each Offence, and for every time any Still shall be worked or charged on Sunday, or between the Hours aforesaid.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Pipe or other Conveyance shall be fixed or fastened in the Distillery of any Distiller, licensed under this Act, to the End of any Worm belonging to any Still in the Distillery of such Distiller, but that the End of the Worm belonging to each and every Still in such. Distillery shall be left open and free for the Officers of Excise to taste and examine the Low Wines, Feints and Spirits respectively coming from such Still or Stills; and the Low Wines, Feints and Spirits so coming from the Ends of the said respective Worms, , shall openly and publicly run into a fixed open Safe or other fixed open Vessel kept for that Purpose, which open Safe or open Vessel shall be so made and constructed as that the Sides and Ends thereof shall be of the same Depth, and that the Ends of

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 74. 331

the said respective Worms shall project through one of the Sides of the said Safe or other open Vessel; and if any such Pipe or other Conveyance shall be fixed or fastened in the Distillery of any such Distiller to the End of any Worm of any Still in such Distillery, or if the Low Wines, Feints or Spirits shall run, from the Ena or Ends of the Worm or Worms of any Still in such Distillery, into any other Vessel than a fixed Safe, or other fixed open Vessel kept for that Purpose; or if such Safe or open Vessel shall not be made and constr

fence respectively, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That there shall be pro- Regulation as vided and kept in the Distillery of every Distiller, licensed under providing this Act, one entered Vessel called a Low Wine Receiver, and for

one other Vessel called* a Feint Receiver, and no such Distiller and Feints pro^ shall have more than One Low Wine Receiver and Two Feint duced from the Receivers in such Distillery; and every such Receiver shall have Stills, a sufficient Cover therein, and a Dipping Hole cut in the said Covers respectively, of not more than One Inch in Length, and Three tenths of an Inch in Breadth; and the said Receiver shall be of sufficient Size to contain the whole Quantity of Low Wines and Feints respectively which shall be run from any Still or Stills in the Distillery of such Distiller at any time during the Space of Four Hours at the least; and every such Distiller shall place and fix every such Low Wine Receiver and Feint Receiver in the Still House, and as near as conveniently may be to the End or Ends of the Worm or Worms of the Still to which such Receiver respectively shall apply or belong; and the said Receivers shall Receivers not not be hidden or concealed, but shall be exposed to the open to concealed. View of the Officers of Excise, and shall not have any Pipe or other Communication with any Vessel or Utensil whatsoever, except by means of one close Metal Pipe into each of the said Receivers leading from the fixed Safe, or other fixed open Vessel before mentioned, for the Receipt of such Low Wines or Feints from the Still or Stills, one End of which Pipe shall be fixed to such Safe or open Vessel, and the other End thereof shall be fixed to the Low Wine Receiver and Feint Receiver respectively; and except the fixed Pump placed in such Low Wine Receiver and Feint Receiver respectively, for conveying the Low Wines and Feints therefrom to a Vessel or Vessels called a Low Wine Charging Back and a Feint Charging Back hereinafter mentioned; and all the Low Wines distilled from Wash put into any Still or Stills in the Distillery of such Distiller, shall be run immediately and directly from such Safe or open Vessel into such Low Wine Receiver, and all the Feints extracted from the Low Wines put into any Still or Stills, shall be run immediately and directly from such Safe or open Vessel into such Feint Receiver or Receivers, as the Case may be; and when and so soon as the whole Quantity of such Low Wines and Feints respectively, which shall Strength of have been run into the said Low Wine and Feint Receivers, during Low Win« the Space of Four Hours at the least, shall be collected therein, the proper Officer of Excise shall take a true Gauge and try the Account Strength of such Low Wines and Feints respectively, and shall thereof kepi by

cast Officer, Ac.

such Distiller or Distillers

Penalty 2001.

332

C. 74?.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

If Low Wine Receiver, &c. not provided, &c.

Penalty 200l.

Distillers to fix Pumps in their Low Wine and Feint Receivers for emptying the same, and pay for Locks and Fastenings for securing the Pumps and Covers, and shall not open, break or damage any such Lock or Fastening, &c.

cast and compute the same at the Strength of Seven per Centum above Hydrometer Proof* and shall keep an exact Account thereof; and such Officer of Excise shall take such Gauge and try the Strength immediately at the Time and Hour mentioned by any such Distiller in his Notice in Writing, as hereinafter mentioned; and it shall not be lawful for any such Distiller or Distillers, at one and the same Time to have, keep or continue in any such Low Wine Receiver as aforesaid, any Low Wines distilled from Wash made or prepared in different Fermenting Wash Backs, or any Feints in such Feint Receiver as aforesaid, extracted from Low Wines distilled from Wash made or prepared in different Fermenting Wash Backs, except the Feints extracted from the last Charge of Low Wines distilled from Wash made or prepared in any one individual Wash Back, and such Feints not being of sufficient Quantity for a Charge of the Low Wine Still; and if such Low Wine Receiver or Feint Receiver as is hereinbefore required and described, shall net be provided in the Distillery of any Distiller licensed under this Act, or shall not be placed in such Distillery in Manner before required, or shall have any Pipe or Communication with any other Vessel or Vessels, Utensil or Utensils, except as before mentioned, or shall have any open Hole other than the Dipping Hole in the Covers thereof respectively, of the Dimensions aforesaid; or if any Low Wines or Feints shall not be run or conveyed into the Low Wine and Feint Receivers respectively, or shall not be collected, pumped, and conveyed in Manner hereinbefore required, or if any Low Wines distilled from Wash made or prepared in different Fermenting Wash Backs, shall be kept at one and the same Time in such Low Wine Receiver, or if any Feints extracted from Low Wines distilled from Wash made or prepared in different Fermenting Wash Backs, shall be kept at one and the same Time in suen Feint Receiver, save and except as is hereinbefore excepted; and if any such Distiller shall in any respect offend in any of the Matters and Things aforesaid, then and in each and every such Case such Distiller so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in the Distillery of every Distiller licensed under this Act there shall be provided, placed and fixed, a proper Pump in every Low Wine Receiver, and in every Feint Receiver, for the Purpose of emptying the said Receivers respectively; and proper Locks and Fastenings shall be provided and maintained by the proper Supervisor of the District, at the Expence and Charge of every such Distiller, for properly and sufficiently locking and securing such Pumps respectively, and for locking and securing the Cover or Covers of such Low Wine Receiver and Feint Receiver respectively, which Locks and Fastenings shall be locked and sealed by the proper Officer of Excise, and shall be and remain always so locked and sealed, excepting when the same shall be opened by the proper Officer of Excise, pursuant to a written Notice from such Distiller ts hereinafter mentioned; and if such Pump shall not be provided, placed and fixed in the Low Wine Receiver and Feint Receiver respectively in the Distillery of such Distiller as aforesaid, or if such Locks and Fastenings shall not be paid for and maintained

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 74. 333

as aforesaid, or shall be wilfully and injuriously opened, broken or damaged, or if any other Art or Contrivance shall be used or put in Practice, whereby any Materials fit for Distillation may or can be privately conveyed into any Low Wine Receiver or Feint Receiver respectively in the Distillery of any Distiller, or any Low Wines or Feints may or can be privately conveyed away from any such Low Wine Receiver, or Feint Receiver respectively, every such Distiller shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Part of the Low Wines distilled from Wash, and all and every Part of the Feints extracted from Low Wines by any Distiller, before the same respectively are put into any Still for Distillation into Spirits, shall be conveyed from the Low Wine and Feint Receivers before mentioned, into an entered Vessel, called a Low Wine Charging Back, which shall have a sufficient Cover thereon, and a Dipping Hole cut in the said Cover, for the Purpose of enabling the Officers of Excise to take the Gauges thereat, which Dipping Hole shall not be more than One Inch in Length, and Three Tenths of an Inch in Breadth; and such Low Wine Charging Back shall not have any Pipe or Communication with any Vessel or Vessels, Utensil or Utensils whatsoever, other than and except the said Low Wine and Feint Receivers, by means of the fixed Pumps therein, and one close Metal Pipe leading from each of the said Pumps; which Pipes respectively shall have one End thereof firmly fixed to one of the said Pumps, and the other End thereof firmly fixed to the said Low Wine Charging Back; and except another close Metal Pipe, for conveying the Low Wines and Feints into the Still, having one End thereof firmly fixed to the Bottom of the said Low Wine Charging Back, and the other End thereof firmly fixed to the Still; and on which Pipe there shall be a Charging Cock, the Key of which shall be of one Piece and so rivetted into the Cock of which it is a Part, as to prevent the same from being taken out of the Body of such Cock; and such Low Wine Charging Back shall in all Cases be placed in the Still House, and not hidden or concealed, but exposed to open View, and accessible to the Officers of Excise on all Parts thereof, and shall also be placed as near as conveniently may be to the Still or Stills to which it forms the Means of Charge, and shall be capable of containing the whole Quantity of Low Wines and of Feints at any time conveyed into the Low Wine and Feint Receivers respectively, whenever such Distiller or Distillers shall be desirous of mixing such Low Wines and Feints in the said Low Wine Charging Back, or if not, then such Low Wine Charging Back shall be capable of containing the whole Quantity either of such Low Wines, or of such Feints respectively, as are contained at any time in the Low Wine or Feint Receivers; and it shall be lawful for any such Distiller to distil Low Wines and Feints, either separately or mixed together, as such Distiller may think proper, provided that such Low Wines and Feints are mixed together in the Low Wine Charging Back only, and that only after the Officer has gauged and taken a separate Account thereof in the Low Wine and Feint Receivers, and has ascertained the Strength of such Low Wines and Feints respectively; and a proper Lock and

Penalty 200L

Regulations as to conreying Low Wine* and Feints, before being put into any Still, into an entered Vessel called a Low Wine Charging Back.

C. 74.

l* GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Distillers not complying with the Regulations herein mentioned.

Penalty 2001.

Regulations as to Distiller setting up a l'eint Charging llac It.

Fastening, or proper Locks and Fastenings, shall be provided and maintained by the proper Supervisor of the District, at the Expense and Charge or every such Distiller, for properly and sufficiently locking and securing the Cover of the said Low Wine Charging Back, which Locks and Fastenings shall be locked and sealed by the proper Officer of Excise, and shall be and remain always so locxea and sealed, excepting when the same shall be opened by the proper Officer of Excise, for the Purpose of taking a Sample or Samples, which it shall be lawful for such Officer to do, when and so often as he may think fit; and if any such Vessel called a Low Wine Charging Back, with such Cover and Dipping Hole as aforesaid, shall not be provided in the Distillery of any Distiller, and if all and every Part of the Low Wines and Feints shall not be pumped and conveyed from and out of the Low Wine and Feint Receivers into such Low Wine Charging Back, before the same are put into any Still or Stills for Distillation into Spirits as aforesaid, or if there shall be any open Hole in the said Low Wine Charging Back, other than the Dipping Hole, or any Pipe or Communication with any Vessel or Vessels, Utensil or Utensils, other than as aforesaid, or if such Pipes as aforesaid shall not be provided, or the Key of the Charging Cock shall not be rivettea as aforesaid, or if such Low Wine Charging Back shall not be placed in the Still House and in the Manner aforesaid, or if such Charging Back shall not be of the Size or Capacity as aforesaid, or if any of such Locks and Fastenings shall not be paid for and maintained as aforesaid, or shall be wilfully and injuriously opened, broken or damaged, or if any other Art or Contrivance shall be used or put in practice, whereby any Sort of Materials fit for Distillation may or can be privately conveyed into such Low Wine Charging Back, or any Low Wines or Feints privately conveyed away, or out of such Low Wine Charging Back, or if any Low Wines distilled from Wash made or prepared in different Fermenting Wash Backs, or any Feints extracted from Low Wines distilled from Wash made or prepared in different Fermenting Wash Backs, (except as is hereinbefore excepted) shall be kept at one and the same Time in such Low Wine Charging Back; then and in each and every such Case the Distiller in whose Distillery such Offence shall be committed, shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

LXXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Distiller or Distillers shall be subject or liable to any Penalty under this Act, for not providing and fixing a Pipe leading from the Pump placed in the Feint Receiver to the Low Wine Charging Back before mentioned, or for pumping or conveying the Feints from the Feint Receiver to such Low Wine Charging Back, if such Distiller shall erect a separate Charging Back for containing Feints only; and in every such Case it shall be lawful for such Distiller to erect a Feint Charging Back for receiving the Feints from the Feint Receiver after the Officer has gauged and taken an Account of the same in the said Feint Receiver, and has ascertained the Strength thereof; and every such Feint Charging Back shall have a Cover and a Dipping Hole cut therein, to enable the Officers of Excise to take their Gauges thereout, which Dipping Hole

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 74. 335

shall not be more than One Inch in Length, and Three tenths of an Inch in Breadth; and such Feint Charging Back shall not have any Pipe or other Communication with any Vessel or Vessels, Utensil or Utensils whatsoever, except the said Feint Receiver, by means of the fixed Pump therein, and a close Metal Pipe leading from the said Pump, having one End thereof firmly fixed to the said Pump, and the other End thereof firmly fixed to the said Feint Charging Back, and except the Pipe for conveying the Feints from such Feint Charging Back to the Still, one End of which Fipe shall be firmly fixed to the Bottom of the said Feint Charging Back, and the other End shall communicate with and be attached to the Pipe leading from the Low Wine Charging Back before mentioned to the Still, so as there shall be only One Pipe or Conveyance into any Still, and only One Charge Cock for any Still; and the said Feint Charging Back shall likewise be placed in the Still House, and not hidden or concealed, but exposed to open View, and accessible to the Officers of Excise on all Parts thereof, and shall also be placed as near as conveniently may be to the Still or Stills to which it forms the Means of Charge, and shall be capable of containing the whole Quantity of Feints at any time contained in the said Feint Receiver, and proper Fastenings shall be provided for securing the Cover of the said Feint Charging Back in the same Manner as is directed respecting the Low Wine Charging Back before mentioned; and every such Distiller or Distillers who shall provide such Feint Charging Back shall comply with all the Rules and Conditions aforesaid, in respect to the Low Wine Charging Back, on pain of incurring a like Penalty for each and every Offence, except as before excepted; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XC. And be it further enacted, That all and every Part of the Spirits extracted either from Low Wines or Feints by any Distiller licensed under this Act, shall be immediately and directly run from the Safe or open Vessel before mentioned, for the Receipt of such Spirits from the Still, into a fixed Spirit Receiver, to be provided in the Distillery of every such Distiller, and duly entered and gauged for that Purpose, which Receiver shall be of a Capacity or Size sufficient to contain and hold the whole of the Spirits which shall or may be distilled by such Distiller at any time during the Space of Four Hours at the least, and shall have a Cover thereon, and a Dipping Hole cut in the same, of not more than One Inch in Length, and lliree tenths of an Inch in Breadth, and shall be placed in the Still House, and as near to the End of the Worm of the Low Wine Still as conveniently may be, and not hidden or concealed, but shall be exposed to the open View of the Officers of Excise; and such Spirit Receiver shall not have any Pipe or other Communication with any Vessel or Vessels, Utensil or Utensils whatsoever, except a close Metal Pipe, having one End thereof firmly fixed to the Safe or open Vessel, and the other End thereof firmly fixed to the said Spirit Receiver for running or conveying the Spirits therein, and in every such Spirit Receiver there shall either be a Pump placed and fixed for emptying the same, or a proper Discharge Cock for drawing off the Spirits from such Receiver; and no such Distiller shall at one

[Penalty.]

Regulation*! a* to Receiver to be provided for the Spirits run from the Stills.

C. 74.

l" GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Distiller* not complying with the Regulations herein men* tinned.

Penalty 200L

Notices for pumping Low Wines, Feints and Spirits, to be given to the Officer.

and the same time have, keep or continue in such Spirit Receiver, any Spirits extracted from Low Wines distilled from Wash made or prepared in different Fermenting Wash Backs; and when and so soon as the whole Quantity of Spirits which any such Distiller shall intend to run into the Spirit Receiver shall be collected therein, the proper Officer of Excise shall take a true Gauge and draw a Sample and try the Strength of such Spirits, and shall cast and compute the same at the Strength of Seven per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, and shall keep an Account thereof, and such Officer of Excise shall take such Gauge and try the Strength immediately at the Time and Hour mentioned by any such Distiller in the Notice in Writing hereinafter mentioned; and proper Locks and Fastenings shall be provided and maintained by the proper Supervisor of the District at the Expense and Charge of every such Distiller, for properly and sufficiently locking and securing the Cover, Pump or Discharge Cock of every such Spirit Receiver, which Locks and Fastenings shall be locked and sealed by the proper Officer of Excise, and shall be and remain always so locked and sealed, excepting when the same shall be opened by the proper Officer of Excise pursuant to such Notice as aforesaid; and if such Spirit Receiver shall not be provided in the Distillery of any Distiller, or shall not be placed as hereinbefore directed, or if all and every Part of the Spirits extracted either from Low Wines or Feints shall not be run immediately and directly into such Spirit Receiver in the Manner aforesaid, or shall not be kept therein separate and apart from all other Spirits, until the proper Officer of Excise hgs taken a Gauge, and tried the Strength of the same, and charged the Duty thereon; or if any Spirits extracted from Low Wines distilled from Wash made or prepared in different Fermenting Wash Backs shall be kept in such Spirit Receiver at one and the same Time, or if there shall be any open Hole other than the Dipping Hole as aforesaid in such Spirit Receiver, or if any such Lock or Fastening as aforesaid snail not be paid for and maintained, or if any such l^ck, Seal or Fastening, shall be wilfully and injuriously opened, broken or damaged, or if any other Art or Contrivance whatsoever shall be used or practised in the Distillery of such Distiller, whereby any spirits may or can be privately conveyed away from or out of such Spirit Receiver, or if any such Distiller shall offend in any of the Matters or Things aforesaid, then and in each and every such Case the Distiller in whose Distillery any such Offence shall be committed, shall for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That every such Distiller shall make out and deliver, or cause to be made out and delivered to the proper Officer of Excise, a Notice in Writing at least Four Hours before the particular Time and Hour when it is intended to pump off and convey any Low Wines, Feints or Spirits, from the respective Low Wine, Feint and Spirit Receivers; and the Officer shall from time to time attend at the Time and Hour mentioned in such Notice, and shall take a Gauge of such Low Wines, Feints or Spirits respectively, and shall draw a Sample or Samples and ascertain the Strength thereof, and shall open the Locks and Fastenings of such Low Wine, Feint or Spirit Receivers respectively,

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 74. 337

spectively, and shall attend until all the Low Wines, Feints and Spirits respectively shall be pumped off, and conveyed from the said Receivers, and shall then lock and secure the same as before:

Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for any such Distiller proviso, to give such Notice for pumping and conveying any Low Wines,

Feints or Spirits from the said respective Receivers oflener than Once in Four Hours, and that any Notice given to the Officers of Excise contrary hereto, shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be null and void.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That no Spirits whatever shall No Spirits to be sent out of the Stock, Custody or Possession of any Distiller, be removed Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits licensed under this Act, nor wi#thout a Per-shall be removed from the Distillery, Still House, Building or m, t* other Place wherein the same were made or manufactured, or rectified, or compounded, or kept, nor shall be carried from one Place to another, by Land or by Water, without a Permit granted and signed by the proper Officer of Excise of the Division, upon a Reauest Note subscribed by such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder respectively, or by some Person on his Behalf, and delivered to such Officer, specifying therein the Quantity, Quality and Strength of such Spirits, and whether the same are raw British Spirits, rectified British Spirits, British Brandy, Spirits of Wine or British Compounds; and also specifying the Casks or other Vessels containing the same, the Person from whom, the Person to whom, and the Place where such* Spirits are to be sent, and by what Mode of Conveyance the same are intended to be sent, and whether by Land or by Water; which Permit shall be made to correspond in respect to all the Particulars aforesaid with such Request Note, and a reasonable Time shall be limited and specified in every such Permit, within which such Permit is to be in force, and no Permit shall be valid or of any Effect if the same shall be granted on any Request Note not made conformable to the Directions of this Act; and all Spirits which shall be sent out, removed or carried, or found removing or carrying, without such Permit as aforesaid, together with the Casks, Vessels and other Packages containing the same, and also the Boats and other Vessels, and the Horses and other Cattle and Carriages made use of in the Removal or Conveyance thereof, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and if any such Distiller,

Rectifier or Compounder, shall send or carry, or knowingly permit or suffer to be sent or carried, any Spirits whatsoever, from or out of the Stock, Custody or Possession of such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder respectively, or from or out of the House, Building,

Work or other Place wherein such Spirits were made, manufactured, rectified, compounded or kept, without such Permit as aforesaid, or with any Permit not corresponding to such Spirits in Quantity, Quality or Strength, every such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, shall over and above the Forfeiture of the #said Spirits, if seized, forfeit and lose the Sunt of Twenty Shillings for Forfeiture, every Gallon English Wine Measure of the Spirits so sent out, and Penalty, earned or conveyed, of whatever Strength the same may be, and whether the said Spirits shall or shall not be seized.

XCIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and Officers of may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Excise to stop and Excise author- - Z detain "edtowopw.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Person found removing or carrying Spirits, and examine the Permits.

Refusing to produce the Permits.

Penalty 1001.

Officer may carry such Person before a Justice.

Proceedings.

Frustrating the Purpose of a Permit in the Removal of Spirits, as herein mentioned.

detain any Person or Persons who shall be found removing or carrying any Spirits of any Kind, from the Stock of any Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, or Dealer in, or Retailer of Spirits in Scotland, and to demand the Production of the Permit or Permits accompanying such Spirits; and on being satisfied that the Spirits are the same in Quantity, Quality and Strength as expressed in such Permit or Permits, such Officer or Officers shall indorse on such Permit or Permits, the Time, Hour and Place of such Examination, and shall sign his or their Name or Names thereto; and if any Person or Persons so found removing or carrying any such Spirits shall refuse to produce such Permit or Permits as aforesaid, immediately on being required so to do by any Officer or Officers of Excise for the Purposes aforesaid, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and it shall be lawful for such Officer or Officers, and he and they is and are hereby authorised, empowered and required to stop, arrest and detain every such Person or Persons, and to convey the said Person or Persons before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace residing near to the Place where any such Person shall be so stopped or arrested; and it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices of the Peace, and he and they is and are hereby required, and shall have full Power and Authority, to hear and determine forthwith, any Information against any such Person or Persons so stopped or arrested under the Provisions of this Act, and on the Confession of any such Person or Persons, or upon Proof on Oath, by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to convict such Person or Persons in such Penalty respectively as aforesaid; and no such Penalty shall be mitigated by any Justice or Justices below One-fourth Part thereof; and every such Person so convicted as aforesaid shall, immediately on such Conviction, pay down into the Hands of such Officer the said Penalty in which tie or they shall be so convicted; and if any such Person or Persons so convicted shall not forthwith pay down the said Penalty, the said Justice or Justices shall, and he and they is and are hereby respectively authorised and required, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, to commit the Person so convicted as aforesaid to any Gaol or Prison of the County, there to remain for the Space of Six Calendar Months, unless such Penalty be sooner paid.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits licensed under this Act, or any Dealer in or Retailer of Spirits in Scotland, shall deliver, remove or receive any Spirits, for the Removal of which a Permit is by Law required, without such Permit, or any greater Quantity of Spirits, or of a different Kind or Quality than shall be expressed in such Permit, or having obtained such Permit, shall not send out therewith the Spirits therein described, or return the said Permit within the Time now by Law required; or if any Distiller, Rectifier, Compounder, Dealer or Retailer, or any other Person or Persons, shall sell, lend, deliver or employ, or make use of any such Permit, or shall cause or suffer any such Permit as aforesaid to be sold, lent, delivered, employed or made use of, to or for any other Use or Purpose whatsoever than to accompany the actual Removal of the Spirits for which the same was obtained

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 74. 339

and granted, and which shall be therein expressed or described, or shall produce, or cause or suffer any such Permit to be produced to any Officer or other Person, as having been received with any Spirits, other than as aforesaid, or shall in any manner use or employ, or cause or suffer to be used or employed, any Permit, so as that any Account of Spirits k6pt br checked, or to be kept or checked by the Officer or Officers of Excise by such Permit, shall or may be frustrated or evaded, every such Distiller, Rectifier, Compounder, Dealer, Retailer, or other Person or Persons, shall for every such Offence severally forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, over and above all other Penalty and Penalties, Forfeiture and Forfeitures whatsoever; and every Permit used for any Purpose whatsoever, other than to accompany the Removal of the Spirits for which such Permit was obtained and granted, and which shall be therein expressed or described, shall be deemed and taken to be a false Permit, and such unlawful Use thereof shall, over and above all other Penalties and Forfeitures, subject the Person or Persons so using the same to all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by Law upon any Person or Persons for using, giving or receiving any false Permit.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits licensed under this Act, receiving any Spirits into his, her or their Custody or Possession, shall break Bulk, or draw off any Part thereof, or add Water or any Thing thereto, or in any respect alter the same, or tap or open any of the Casks, or alter or change any of the Packages containing any Spirits, or the Spirits therein removed, until the proper Officer or Officers of Excise shall have taken an Account of the Strength and Quantity thereof; and every such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder as aforesaid, shall, on the Receipt of any Spirits, give Notice thereof to the proper Officer of Excise, and snail deliver to such Officer the Permit received by them with such Spirits, whereupon such Officer shall attend and take an Account of the Strength and Quantity of such Spirits; and if any such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, who shall receive any such Spirits into his, her or their Custody or Possession, shall fail to give such Notice and deliver such Permit as aforesaid, or shall break Bulk or draw off any Part of such Spirits, or add Water or any thing thereto, or in any respect alter the same, or tap or open any of the Casks, or alter or change any of the Packages containing any such Spirits, or the Spirits therein removed, until the proper Officer or Officers of Excise shall have taken an Account of the Strength and Quantity thereof, all such Spirits, or a Quantity equal thereto, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized out of any Part of the Stock of such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and every such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum ot Five hundred Pounds: Provided always, that in case the proper Officer of Excise shall neglect to attend for the Purpose of taking such Account as aforesaid within Three Hours after receiving such Notice, no Forfeiture or Penalty shall be incurred by such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder for any such Offence.

Penalties.

No Distiller, &c. receiving Spirits shall break Bulk till the Officer, to whom Notice shall be given, take an Account of the Strength and Quantity.

[Proviso.]

Penalty 50QL

S40

C. 74.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 18'20.

Distillers not to send out less than Nine Gallons of Spirits, of the Strength herein mentioned.

Forfeiture.

"Regulations as to Strength of Spirits which Rectifiers. &c. may send out

Forfeiture.

No Spirits to be sent out or received into Stock, unless Permit truly express the Strength.

Forfeiture and Penalty 1001.

No Dealer to send out or keep any British Spirits, except Spirits of Wine, of a certain Strength.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Distiller licensed under this Act, to sell and send out, accompanied with a true and lawful Permit, to any Person or Persons any Quantity of Spirits in any Cask or Package containing not less than Nine Gallons of Spirits of any Strength not exceeding Seven'per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, nor less than Ten per Centum under Hydrometer Proof; and that if any Spirits shall be sold or sent out contrary hereto, all such Spirits, with the Casks or other Packages containing the same, and all Horses, Cattle, Carriages and Boats made use of in removing such Spirits, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits licensed under this Act, to sell and send out, accompanied with a true and lawful Permit, to any Person or Persons, any Quantity of Spirits at any Strength not exceeding Seven per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, nor less than Ten per Centum under Hydrometer Proof, except Spirits of Wine, which shall be made, kept and sent out of the Strength of Forty two per Centum above Hydros meter Proof at the least; and that if any Spirits shall be sold or sent out contrary thereto, all such Spirits, with the Casks or other Packages containing the same, and all Horses, Cattle, Carriages and Boats made use of in removing such Spirits shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and no Allowance whatever shall be granted to any such Rectifier or Compounder for any Increase by Water, Sugar, Syrup or Fruit; any thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits licensed under this Act shall send out or remove from his, her or their Stock, Custody or Possession, nor shall any such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder receive into his, her or their Stock, Custody or Possession, any British Spirits, unless the Permit or Permits accompanying such Spirits shall truly express the Strength of all such Spirits at the time of the Removal thereof; and all such Spirits so removed, sent out or received, not being accompanied with true and lawful Permit or Permits expressing the Strength thereof, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and every such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder so sending out or receiving such British Spirits, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That no Dealer or Dealers in, or Retailer or Retailers of, Spirits in Scotland, shall sell or send out, or have or keep in his, her or their Stock, Custody or Possession, any British Spirits, except Spirits of Wine, of any greater or higher Degree of Strength than Seven per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, nor any Spirits of any less Degree of Strength than Seventeen per Centum under Hydrometer Proof, on pain of forfeiting all suen Spirits as shall be sold, sent out, had or kept, contrary hereto, with the Casks or other Packages containing the same, which shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

1° GEO. IV. C. 74. 341

C. And be it further enacted, That every Officer of Excise in Officers to take Scotland, having under his Survey the Stock of any Distiller, Rec- *H ^*ounof tifier or Compounder, licensed under this Act, shall, once in Di*tfUer*&c every Thirty Days at the least, or oftener if necessary, take an Thirty accurate and true Account of the Quantity and Strength of all Days, or oftaw British Spirits in the Stock, Custody or Possession of all and er if necessary; every such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, and shall compute *"7 Excess the same at the Strength of Seven per Centum above Hydrometer Proof; and if, after making Allowance for the Spirits for which feited>and Permits shall have been granted since the last Reckoning of the Stock of such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, computing the same at the Strength aforesaid, it shall be found that the Quantity of Spirits remaining in the Stock, Custody or Possession of such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, shall exceed the Quantity for which such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder shall have Credit in the Books of the proper Officer, whether such Credit shall have arisen from what was on hand at the last preceding Reckoning or from what may have been lawfully made or received subsequent thereto, such Excess shall be deemed and taken to be Spirits illegally received, and a Quantity of Spirits equal to such Excess shall and may be seized out of any Part of the Stock of such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and the Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, in whose Stock, Custody or Possession such Excess shall be found, shall Penalty 200L forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

CI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Still of Spirits preduc. any Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits shall happen to be charged *d fro" StiUs and at work at the time when any Officer shall take account of the Stock of any such Rectifier or Compounder, then and in every i^en, to be af-such Case all the Spirits produced from that Charge of the Still terwards added, shall be kept separate and apart from the rest of such Stock till the Account of the rest of such Stock shall have been completely taken, after which the Spirits produced from that Charge shall be added to such Stock.

CII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the Rectifiers or Strength of any Part of the Stock of any Rectifier or Com- Compounder* pounder of Spirits, by being mixed with any Sugar, Syrup, Seeds, j! *

Fruit or any other Ingredients or Materials, cannot be easily as- ^strraffA of certained by the Hydrometer, every such Rectifier or Compounder Mixed Spirits shall, immediately on being required by any Officer or Officers, on Casks, or cause the true Quantity and Degree of Strength of such Spirits, marking them so mixed, to be legibly marked on the Outside of the Cask or Mntrul7' Casks, or Vessel or Vessels containing the same respectively; and if the Strength of such Spirits shall be found to have been untruly marked by such Rectifier or Compounder on the Outside of such Cask or Casks, or Vessel or Vessels, or if such Rectifier or Compounder shall, upon being required by the Officer or Officers of Excise as aforesaid, neglect immediately to mark the Quantity and Degree of Strength of such Spirits as aforesaid, such Spirits,

Syrup, Seeds, Fruit and other Ingredients, together with the Casks and Vessels containing the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and Forfeiture and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and every such Rectifier or Compounder shall also, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds. Penalty 50L

C. 74.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Casks to be entered and gauged to the Satisfaction of the Officer, Forfeiture! and

Penalty 1001.

Moveable Casks to have Contents painted or cut thereon.

Penalty 50l.

Officers may take Samples of British Spirits, paying for the same.

Hindering Officers. Penalty 2001.

Stills and other Utensils used by Distillers liable for Duties and Penalties incurred.

CIII. And, for enabling the Officers of Excise the more readily to take the several Accounts by this Act directed, be it further enacted, That all standing or fixed Casks used for the keeping in Stock of any raw British Spirits, rectified British Spirits, British Brandy, British Compounas or other Spirits, in the Distillery of any Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, licensed under this Act, shall, before the same shall be made use of, bq entered at the proper Office of Excise, and be truly gauged and inched to the Satisfaction of the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, upon pain of Forfeiture, by the Owner or Owners thereof, of the Sum of One hundred Pounds for every such Cask which shall be used without having been duly entered, gauged and inched as aforesaid, and also of every such Cask, with the Liquor contained therein; and that every moveable Cask used for the sending out or keeping of raw British Spirits, rectified British Spirits, British Brandy, British Compounds or other Spirits, by any Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, shall have the full Measure thereof, in English Wine Gallons, or the Quantity of Liquor which such Cask is capable of containing, legibly painted or cut on both Ends or Heads thereof, upon pain that the Owner of any moveable Cask so used, not having such full Measure in English Wine Gallons, or such Quantity so painted or cut, or the Person sending out such Cask, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every such Default, Omission or Offence.

CIV. And, to the Intent that the Officers of Excise may the more conveniently examine into and give Proof (if necessary) of the Strength and Quality of any British Spirits, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of Excise, at all times, to take any Sample or Samples of any such Spirits whatsoever at any time found in the Stock, Custody or Possession of any Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits licensed under this Act, paying for such Sample or Samples (if demanded) according to the Market Price for which Spirits or the like Quality shall be sold at the time when such Sample or Samples shall be taken; and if any Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder shall obstruct or hinder any such Officer or Officers in the taking any such Sample or Samples as aforesaid, such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

CV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Stills, Vessels and Utensils, and also all Materials for Distillation, and all Spirits in the Custody or Possession of any Distiller licensed under this Act, or in the Custody or Possession of any Person or Persons to the Use of or in Trust for such Distiller, and all and every the Stills, Vessels and Utensils used by such Distiller, into whose Hands soever such Stills, Vessels or Utensils shall pass or come, and by what Conveyance or Title soever the same may be claimed, shall be subject and liable to, and the same are hereby made subject and liable to, and chargeable with all Duties of Excise in Arrear and owing by such Distiller, for or in respect of any Wort, Wash or Spirits respectively made, prepared or distilled in the Distillery of such Distiller, and shall also be subject to all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by such Distiller for any Offence against the Provisions of this Act; and it shall and may

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 74. 343

be lawful in all such Cases to levy such Duties, Fines and Penalties, and to use such Proceedings as it may be lawful to do in case the Debtors or Offenders had been truly and really the Owners and Proprietors of the Stills, Vessels and Utensils.

CVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Provto for Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, 28 G. 3. c. 46., for epeal or in any manner to alter or affect so much of an Act 45 G-c*100# made in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty toEx^* King George the Third, among other Things, for better regulat- portation of ing the Exportation of British made Spirits from England to Scot- Spirits from land, and from Scotland to England, as was or remained in force England to immediately before the passing of this Act; nor to repeal or alter Scotland, or or affect so much of another Act made in the Forty fifth Year of EngUnd."d the Reign of His said late Majesty, among other Things for better g regulating the distilling of Spirits in England for Exportation to Scotland, and in Scotland for Exportation to England, as was or remained in force immediately .before the passing of this Act; nor to repeal, alter or affect any other Law or Laws in force immediately before the passing of this Act relating to Distillers making or distilling Spirits in England for Exportation from thence to Scotland, or in Scotland for Exportation from thence to England, or relating to such Spirits so made or distilled for such Exportation respectively; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

CVII. And for the better enabling the Officers of Excise to cbcnj^ detect the fraudulent Use of Stills by Chemists, and the making &c. to use Stills of Stills for the Use of private and illicit Distillers, be it further without Li-enacted, That from and after the Ninth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty, no Person or Persons in any Part of Scotland shall use any Still or Stills in carrying on the Trade or Business of a Chemist, or any other Trade or Business requiring the Use of any Still or Stills (except that of a Distiller,

Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits) , and that no Person or Per- and no Person sons shall make any Still in Scotland, unless such Person carrying to make Stills on the Trade of a Chemist or such other Trade as aforesaid, or w, thout Li-making any such Still, shall first take out a Licence for using or cence" making such Stills respectively; and that such Licence shall be what Persons granted at the Places and by the Person or Persons authorised and are to grant required by this Act to grant Licences to Persons carrying on the Licence. Business of a Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, and which Licence such Person or Persons is and are hereby required to grant accordingly to every Chemist or Maker of Stills applying for the same, upon the Payment of the Duty of Ten Shillings Duty, for each and every such Licence respectively; and every such Licence shall remain and continue in force for One Year from tl e Date thereof; and every such Person or Persons respectively who Renewal of shall take out such Licence as aforesaid, is and are hereby re- Licence, quired to take out a fresh Licence Ten Days at least before the Expiration of Twelve Calendar Months after taking out the First Licence, and in like Manner to renew every such Licence from Year to Year, paying the like Duty for each and every new or renewed Licence as is by this Act required for the First Licence, in Manner and at the Places and Times hereinbefore mentioned.

344

C.?4.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

No Chemist to use any Still without a Licence, or have Stills of a greater Capacity than Fifty Gallons! on Penalty of 200L

Persons using Stills without Licencef or in any other than his usual Place of Residence! &c.

Penalty 1001.

Licences for Stills of greater Capacity than Fifty Gallons may be granted to carry on Chemical Experiments! &c.

Unduly using the same.

Penalties.

Still Makers to take out a Licence; to allow

CVIII. And be it farther enacted, That every Licence granted to any Person or Persons in Scotland, who shall carry on the Trade or Business of a Chemist, or any other Trade or Business requiring the Use of any Still or Stills (except that of a Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits) , shall specify the Name or Names, Trade and Business of the Person or Persons thereby licensed, and the Place where such Trade or Business is intended to be carried on, and the Number of Stills so licensed, if more than one, and the Capacity or Content of every such Still respectively; and no Chemist, or other Person or Persons (except as aforesaid) , shall use or have in his, her or their Custody or Possession, in any Part of Scotland, any Still or Stills of any greater Capacity or Content than that of Fifty Gallons English Wine Measure, upon pain of forfeiting the Sum of Two hundred Pounds for every such Still; and if any such Chemist, or other Person or Persons (Distillers, Rectifiers and Compounders excepted) , shall use any Still or Stills for any Purpose whatever, without first taking out such Licence for the same, or shall make use of any other Still or Stills than such as shall be specified in such Licence, or shall make use of any such licensed Still or Stills at any Place other than the Place which shall be specified in the said Licence, or in any House or Place other than his, her or their usual Dwelling, or known Place of carrying on his, her or their Trade and Business, every such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence respectively forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

CIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, that any useful Processes or Experiments in Chemistry, in any Part of Scotland, shall require a Still or Stills of greater Content or Capacity than that of Fifty Gallons English Wine Measure as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Excise to grant, or authorise and direct a Licence to be granted to the Owner or Owners of such Chemical Work or Works, to use, for the Purposes aforesaid, a Still or Stills of larger Content or Capacity than as aforesaid; and that it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Excise, at all Hours in the Daytime, to visit such Work or Works, and such Still or Stills belonging to any Person or Persons licensed und the Authority of this Act, and to examine by all proper Means the Liquor or Matter coming from the said Still or Stills, to open the said Still or Stills, unless the said Officer or Officers shall not otherwise be allowed to examine the Liquor or Matter coming from the said Still or Stills; and if any such Still or Stills shall at any time be used or employed for the Purpose of distilling Wort, Wash, Low Wines or Spirits, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, such Still or Stills, and all Utensils belonging thereto, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and the Owners and Users thereof shall be subject and liable to all the Pains and Penalties made and provided by this Act against Persons working with unlicensed Stills.

CX. And be it further enacted, That before any Person in Scotland shall make any Still, such Person shall take out a Licence

1° GEO. IV. C. 74.

4 U

for that Purpose, as before mentioned, and shall permit and allow Officers to ex-any Officer or Officers of Excise, at all Hours in the Daytime, to amine their enter any Workhouse, Shop or other Place made use of by such SjiU*; and to Person for making or keeping Stills, and to inspect and examine ^Officere of the same; and all Stills which shall be used by any Person or Excise that Persons so licensed, shall be made of Copper only, and not of Still* may be any other Metal; and every such Maker or Makers of Stills shall gauged and stamp his, her or their Name or Names, and the progressive #tamPed» on Number, and the Content or Capacity of every StiU made by him, her or them, upon the Shoulder of every such Still; and in order that the Content of the said Still or Stills may be distinctly ascertained, the said Maker or Makers shall, and he, she and they isvand are hereby required, within Three Days after finishing any Still, to give Notice to the proper Supervisor or Officer of the District or Division where such Still hath been so made, that the same is ready to be gauged and stamped; and such Supervisor or Officer is hereby required, within Three Days after such Notification, to gauge such Still, and to grant a Certificate specifying the progressive Number, Content and Maker's Name of such Still; and in case any such Maker or Makers shall not take out such Licence as aforesaid, or shall make any Still of any Metal other than Copper, or shall neglect to give such Notice to the Supervisor or Officer as aforesaid, or shall in any respect offend m any of the Particulars aforesaid, such Maker or Makers shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds. Penalty of 501.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Person* im-shall import or bring any Still or Stills into Scotland from Eng- porting Stills land or Ireland, or from Foreign Parts, such Person or Persons into.ScoUand shall, within Three Days after the Arrival of such Still or Stills, to {h^Officerl give Notice of the same, and of the Place where the same is deposited, to the proper Supervisor or Officer of the District or Division; and such Supervisor or Officer shall, within Three Days after the Receipt of such Notice, gauge and cause to be stamped the said Still or Stills, in the same Manner as is hereinbefore directed in the Case of a Still or Stills being made in Scotland; and if any Person who shall so import or bring any Still or Stills into Scotland shall neglect or omit to give such Notice thereof as aforesaid, such Person shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every Still so imported or brought. Penalty 50l.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Still or Stills found in Stills shall be erected and made use of, or be found in the Cus- Custody with-tody or Possession of any Person or Persons in Scotland, without ?"* havinJL having been previously gauged by the proper Officer of Excise, and marked in the Manner hereinbefore mentioned, every such M(i Penalties. Still shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and the Owner and Owners thereof shall also forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, over and besides all other Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act for the unlawful using the same.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Officer or Officer know-Officers of Excise shall know or have Cause to suspect that any "g or 8U8' private or concealed Still, or any Back, Vat, Cooler, or other Vessel, or any Spirits, Low Wines, Wort or Wash, or other Ma- £c.

terials

C. 74.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Justice may upon Oath thereof grant a Warrant to break open Houses and to seize Stills, &c .;

if not claimed within Ten Days forfeited, and

Penalty 2001.

Obstructing Officers in seizing private Stalls, &c.

Penalty 200L

Officers of Excise may search for and seize private Stills, &c. without a Warrant from the Justices, and Proprietors shall be subject to Penalties.

terials preparing or prepared for Distillation, are set up or kept in any House or Place, by any Person not licensed under this Act, then and in such Case, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, City or Place where such Officer or Officers shall suspect the same to be set up and kept, setting forth the Ground of such his or their Suspicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justice or Justices before whom such Oath shall be made, if \ he or they shall judge it reasonable, by special Warrant under his or their Hands and Seals, to authorise and empower such Officer or Officers, by Day or by Night, to break open the Doors or any Part of such House or Place where he or they shall so know or suspect that such private or concealed Still, Back, Vat, Cooler or other Vessel, Spirits, Low Wines, Wort, Wash, or Materials for Distillation, are so set up or kept, and to enter into such House or Place, and to seize all and every such Stills, Backs, Vats, Coolers and other Vessels, and all such Spirits, Low Wines, Wort, Wash and other Materials preparing or prepared for Distillation, which shall be there found and discovered, and either to detain and keep the same in the House or Place where found, or to remove the same to the Office of Excise next to the Place where the same shall be so discovered and found; and in case the same shall not, within Ten Days next after such Seizure, be claimed by some Person as the true and lawful Owner thereof, then the said Stills, Backs, Vats, Coolers and other Vessels, Spirits, Low Wines, Wash and other Materials for Distillation, shall be absolutely forfeited, and the Proprietor of any such private or concealed Still, Back, Vat, Cooler or other Vessel, or the Person in whose Custody the same shall be found, shall forfeit and lose, for every Place in which every such private Still, Back, Vat, Cooler or other Vessel shall be so found, and also for every such Still, Back, Vat, Cooler and Vessel found therein, the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and if any Person or Persons shall obstruct, oppose, molest or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise, or others acting in their Assistance, in the seizing any such private or concealed Stills, Backs, Vats, Coolers or other Vessels, or Spirits, Low Wines, Wort, Wash or other Materials for Distillation, or in detaining or keeping the same in the Place where found, or in removing the same, or any of them, after Seizure, to the next Office of Excise as aforesaid, then and in every such Case every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

CXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to make it unlawful for any Officer or Officers of Excise to search for and discover any private or concealed Still, Back or other Vessel for the making, preparing or keeping of Wort, Wash, Low Wines or Spirits, or other Materials preparing or prepared for Distillation in any Part of Scotland, without such Warrant as aforesaid, or from seizing every such Still, Back or other Vessel, and all such Low Wines, Spirits, Wort, Wash and other Materials preparing or prepared for Distillation, which he or they shall so find and discover, or to do therewith in the same Manner as aforesaid; and every such Person with whom the same shall be found, or who shall obstruct any such Officer or Officers* or shall otherwise

1° GEO. IV. C. 74. 347

offend in any of the Particulars aforesaid, shall be subject and liable to the same Penalties and Forfeitures as if such Officer or Officers had been authorised by such Warrant as aforesaid; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

CXV. And Whereas Wort or Wash, and other Materials fit and proper for Distillation, are often found in the Custody and

Possession of Persons notoriously concerned in private and illicit Distillation, and such Offenders frequently escape from the Penalties of the Law by the Removal and Concealment of their

Still or Stills For Remedy whereof, be it enacted, That all and every Person and Persons in Scotland, not being a licensed Distiller, Brewer or Vinegar Maker, in whose Possession any Quantity of Wort or Wash, fermenting or fermented, exceeding the Quantity of Twenty Gallons, or any Quantity whatever of Low Wines or Feints, shall be found, shall severally forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and all such Wort or Wash, Low Wines or Feints, together with the Casks or Vessels containing the same, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; which said Penalty of One hundred Pounds it shall not be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace in Scotland, by or before whom such Person or Persons shall be convicted, under any Pretence whatsoever to mitigate or lessen under Twenty Pounds; and if the Penalty adjudged against such Person or Persons be not forthwith paid down to the Prosecutor, or to the Person authorised by him to receive the same, such Justice or Justices of the Peace by or before whom such Person or Persons shall be convicted, are hereby authorised and strictly enjoined and required immediately, by" his or their Warrant under his or their Hands, to commit such Offender and Offenders to the Gaol or Prison of the County for any Time not exceeding Twelve Months, nor less than Six Months, unless such Penalty shall be sooner paid.

CXVI. And, in order to deter Persons from aiding or assisting the Proprietors of private Stills in carrying on their fraudulent Practices, be it further enacted, That when any Officer or Officers of Excise in Scotland shall at any time discover and find any private or concealed Still, Back or Vessel for the making, preparing or keeping of Wash, Low Wines or Spirits, or other Materials preparing or prepared for Distillation, and shall at the same time discover in the Room or Place where such private Still, Back or other Vessel, shall be so found, any Person or Persons knowingly aiding, assisting or anyways concerned in carrying on such private Distillation, every such Person and Persons so discovered shall (over and above all other Penalties and Forfeitures to which the Proprietor or Person in whose Custody or Possession the same shall be found is subject and liable) forfeit and lose the Sum of Thirty Pounds; and it shall and may be lawful for the Officer and Officers of Excise, and all other Persons acting in their Aid and Assistance, to stop, arrest and detain all and every the Person and Persons so discovered in such Room or Place, and to convey the said Person and Persons before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, City or Place respectively wherein such Persons shall be so discovered as aforesaid; and it

shall

Persons not being entered Distillers, Brewers or Vinegar Makers, having Wash in their Possession.

Penalty 100L

Mitigation

thereof.

Imprisonment.

Aiding and assisting in any private Distillery.

Penalty 901.

Person carried before a Justice.

C. 74.

1# GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Proceedings.

On default of paying Penalty, Offender committed.

Second Offence.

shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, on Confession of the Party, or by Proof on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses made of such Offence, to convict the Person or Persons so discovered as aforesaid; and the Person or Persons so convicted shall immediately on such Conviction pay the said Sum of Thirty Pounds into the Hands of the Officer who shall have conveyed such Offender before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, to be applied in Manner as hereinafter is directed; and if such Offender or Offenders shall refuse or neglect to pay the* said Sum of Thirty Pounds, the Justice or Justices so convicting as aforesaid shall and may, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, commit the Offender or Offenders to the Gaol or Prison of the County, there to remain for the Space of Six Calendar Months, and the Person or Persons so committed shall not be discharged until he, she or they shall have paid the said Sum of Thirty Pounds, or until the Expiration of the said Six Months; and in case the Person or Persons so convicted shall be again discovered in any Room or Place where any private Still, Back or other Vessel shall be discovered and found as aforesaid.

Penalty 60l. Imprisonment.

Persons in whose Premises private Distilleries carried on with their Knowledge.

[Penalty.]

Default, Imprisonment.

Officers empowered to spill

aiding, assisting or otherwise concerned in carrying on any private Distillery, he, she or they so again offending shall, upon the like Conviction, forfeit and pay for such Second Offence the Sum of Sixty Pounds, and shall be committed to the Gaol or Prison in Manner aforesaid, there to remain for and during the Term of One Year, unless the said Sum of Sixty Pounds shall be sooner paid.

CXVII. And Whereas Persons who are immediately con- cemed in the making of Spirits privately, or are connected with others employed in such unlawful Practices, frequently escape ' Punishment, because no direct Proof can be adduced that they were actually employed or connected with others in such private Distillation, although it may be evident that such private Distillation could not be carried on without their Knowledge and Consent; For Remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That in every Case where sufficient Proof shall not be adduced to convict the Party of having been actually employed or concerned in such private Distillation, it shall be lawful to offer Proof, and for the Court before whom the Case shall be heard to receive Proof, that the private Distillenr was carried on in some Part of the House, Outhouses, Yards, Gardens, Lands or Premises belonging to or in the Occupation of the Party accused, and that from the Situation of the Place, or other Circumstances, such private Distillation was or must have been carried on with the Knowledge and Privity of the Party accused; and in such case it shall be lawful for such Court to fine the Party in any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, nor less than Twenty Pounds; and in case the Fine be not immediately paid, to commit the Party to the Gaol or Prison of the County, for any Time not exceeding Twelve Months, nor less than Six Calendar Months, unless the Fine be sooner paid.

CXVIII. And Whereas when the Officers of Excise have discovered private or unlawful Distilleries, it has often been found impossible or difficult to remove the Spirits, Materials and Utensils to a Place of Safety For Remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That when any Officer or Officers of Excise shall find or

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 74. 349

discover any unlawful Distillery in any Part of Scotland, it shall and destroy all and may be lawful to and for such Officer or Officers, at his or Materials and their Discretion, immediately upon the Discovery of such private Utensil* or unlawful Distillery, and the Seizure of any Spirits or Materials, Jj^ries^ Implements or Utensils for Distillation, effectually to spill, break up, and destroy the same; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller of or No Person in Dealer in Spirits, or other Person in Scotland, licensed or not Scotland shall licensed, shall sell or send out, or shall knowingly suffer to be sent out or re-out of his or her Stock, Custody or Possession, or shall receive, or ex-

knowingly suffer to be received into his or her Stock, Custody or c^ing the Possession, or shall suffer any other Person for his or her Use or Quantity of Account to receive at one time any Quantity of British Spirits ex- Two Gallons ceeding the Quantity of Two Gallons, without the same being wthoutPennit, accompanied with a true and lawful Permit; or if any Carrier,

Boatman or other Person in Scotland, shall knowingly carry, re- the same, move or transport, or by means of his Horse, Cart, Vessel, Boat or other Conveyance, shall knowingly suffer to be carried, removed or transported, or shall be aiding or assisting in carrying, removing or transporting from any Part of Scotland to another Part thereof, any Quantity of British Spirits, at one time, exceeding the Quantity of Two Gallons, without being accompanied with a true and lawful Permit: every such Distiller, Dealer, Carrier, Boatman or other Person whatsoever, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, over and above Penalties every other Penalty and Forfeiture to which he or she is or may be liable by virtue of this Act.

CXX. And be it further enacted, That when any Suit or Action When Suita, shall be commenced, or any Information filed or exhibited against &c. are com-any Person receiving such British Spirits, unaccompanied with a menced, what true and lawful Permit, for the Recovery of any Penalty or For- *

[Proviso.]

feiture in such Case by this Act imposed, it shall be sufficient for p £ having the Defendant or Defendants to prove that a lawful Permit to ac- been obtained, company the Removal of such Spirits was duly obtained by the Party selling or sending out the same, and that there had been a corresponding Decrease in the Stock of the Seller or Sender out thereof, to answer the Quantity of such Spirits so sent out and removed; and upon such Proof being made, such Spirits shall be adjudged to have been legally received, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act: Provided always, that where any Person receiving such Spirits (not being an entered Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder of, or Dealer in, or Retailer of Spirits,) shall, within Ten Days from the Receipt thereof, send or deliver to the nearest Officer of Excise the Permit which actually accompanied the same, every such private Person so delivering the Permit as aforesaid, shall be held and deemed to have complied .with the Provisions of this Act, in respect to the receiving of such Spirits.

CXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Treasury era-lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the powered to reunited Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, by any Warrant, Order or Instruction, signed by any Three or o^prewentiM more of them, to authorise and empower the Commissioners of illicit DistilU-Excise in Scotland for the time being, by any Order or Warrant tkm.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820. C. 74.

Obstructing Officers in Cases not otherwise provided for.

Penalty 2001.

Officers entering into collusive Agreement,

or taking Bribe.

Incapacity and Penalty on Officer, 5001.

Distiller offering Bribe, &c.

signed by any Three or more of them, to grant such Rewards to Officers, to be paid out of the Duties of Excise in Scotland, for Services performed by them in detecting and preventing illicit or fraudulent Distillation, as the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall think proper, subject to such Rules, Conditions, Directions and Modifications, as the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall prescribe, in order to make it the Interest of such Excise Officers, that no illicit or fraudulent Distillation whatever shall be carried on within their respective Districts or Divisions.

CXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits licensed under this Act, or any Workman or Servant belonging to, or employed or authorised by such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, or any other Person or Persons whosoever, shall molest, disturb, hinder, oppose or impede any Officer or Officers of Excise in the due Execution of the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted, or any of them, except in such Cases for which any Penalties are by this Act specially provided, every such Distiller, Rectifier, Compounder, or other Person or Persons so offending, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

CXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of Excise, of whatever Rank or Degree he shall or may be, employed under the Authority of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, shall make any collusive Agreement with any Distiller, or with any other Person for or on his Behalf, as his Agent, to omit to do any thing belonging to the Execution of his Employment as such Officer, or to connive at or to conceal any Fraud, or Breach or Neglect of the Law by such Distiller, or any Servants, Workmen, or Agent of such Distiller, or to make any false Return in respect of any of the Matters and Things required by this Act, or any other Act of Parliament for the better securing any Duty or Duties on Spirits made in Scotland, or for the Prevention of Smuggling in Scotland, or to do, or to connive at, or to conceal, or to omit to do any other Act, Matter or Thing by the doing or the Omission whereof His Majesty's Revenue shall be defrauded, or shall directly or indirectly ask or demand, or take or receive any Bribe, Gratuity, Fee, Recompence or Reward for the Neglect or Nonperformance of any Part of his Duty, or for the restoring or abandoning any Seizure, or for the forbearing to make any Seizure of any Still or Utensil, or any Wort, Wash, Low Wines, Feints or Spirits, or the Casks or Vessels containing the same, or any other Goods, Matters or Things forfeited by Law, every such Officer therein offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and shall be for ever after incapable of serving His Majesty in any Office or Employment, Civil or Military; and if any Distiller licensed under this Act, or any Person on his behalf, or as his Servant or Agent, shall directly or indirectly give or promise, or offer to give or promise, any Bribe, Recompence, Fee, Gratuity or Reward, for the Performance or Nonperformance of the Duty of such Officer, or shall make any collusive Agreement with any Officer of Excise to forbear or neglect the due Performance and Discharge of his Duty as such Officer, in any of the Matters and Things required

1° GEO. IV. C. 74. 351

by this Act or by any other Act of Parliament for better securing any Duty or Duties upon Spirits made in Scotland, or for the Prevention of Smuggling in Scotland, or to do, or to conceal, or to connive at, or to omit to do any Act, Matter or Thing by the doing or the Omission whereof any of the Provisions of this Act or any other Act or Acts shall be evaded or broken, or His Majesty's Revenue injured, or to restore or to abandon any Seizure, or to forbear or to neglect to make any Seizure of any Still or Utensil, or any Wort, Wash, Low Wines, Feints or Spirits, or the Casks or Vessels containing the same, or any other Goods, Matters or Things forfeited by Law; every such Distiller and other Person as aforesaid, shall for each and every such Offence (whether the Offer, Proposal, Promise or Agreement be accepted or performed or not) forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, Penalty 5001. One third Part thereof, after deducting the Expenses of recovering the same, to be paid to His Majesty, and Two third Parts thereof to the Officer or Person who shall discover or disclose or inform of any such Offence: Provided always, that in case any Offender in-such Officer, who shall have asked, taken or received any such indan-

Bribe, Fee, Gratuity, Recompence or Reward, or entered into mfied* such Collusive Agreement as aforesaid, shall, before any Complaint shall have been made, or any Proceeding had against such Officer for asking, taking or receiving, or for entering into the same, give Information to the said Commissioners of Excise of the Gift or Offer of such Bribe, Fee, Gratuity, Recompence or Reward, or of such collusive Agreement, and the said Commissioners shall think fit that such Information should be proceeded upon, so that the Penalty aforesaid shall be recovered against the Person who shall give, or offer or propose to give such Bribe, Fee, Recompence,

Gratuity or Reward, or to make such collusive Agreement; or in case the Distiller or Person who shall give or offer any such Bribe,

Fee, Gratuity, Recompence or Reward, or enter into any such collusive Agreement, shall, before any Complaint shall have been made, or any Proceeding had against such Distiller or other Person for giving or offering or entering into the same, give Information to the said Commissioners of Excise of the asking, taking or receiving any such Bribe, Fee, Recompence, Gratuity or Reward, or of such collusive Agreement, by any such Officer, and the said Commissioners shall think fit that such Information should be proceeded upon, so that the Penalty aforesaid shall be recovered against such Officer; then, and in either of the said Cases, either of the said Parties so first giving such Information to such Commissioners, shall be exempted from and indemnified against the Penalties and Disabilities imposed of such Party for such Offence by this Act.

CXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties Recovery and and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, for the recovering and levy- Application of ing whereof no Directions are expressly given by any Clause or P11*!1* Clauses in this Act before contained, shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such Ways, Means and Methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt,

Bill, Plaint or Information in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture

shall

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

C. 74, 75.

Power* of 12 C. 2. c. 24. or any Law now in force relating to the Excise, extended to this Act.

No double Penalties.

Commencement and Continuance of this Act

Act may be altered, &c. this Session.

shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

CXXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things which, in and by an Act made in the Parliament of England in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for taking avoay the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite and by Knights Service, and Pur-veyance, and for settling a Revenue upon His Majesty in lieu thereof ', or by any other Law now in force relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, are provided and established, shall be practised, used and put in execution in and for the Purposes of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

CXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person who shall be sued or prosecuted for any of the Penalties or Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall be liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture imposed for the same Offence by any former Aft; nor shall any Person who shall be sued or prosecuted for any Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by any former Act, be liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture imposed for the 6ame Offence by this present Act,

CXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect in all Matters and Things therein contained, upon and from the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and that this Act shall continue in force for Two Years from the said Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and no longer.

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or any of the Provisions thereof, may be amended, altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act for charging a Duty of Excise on certain Sorts of unmanufactured Tobacco imported into Great Britain from the Place of its Growth.

[24th July 1820.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to allow the Importation of Tobacco from the East Indies and other Places; and for confining the Exportation of Tobacco from Great Britain and the Importation thereof into Ireland, to Vessels of Seventy Tons Burthen and upwards, it is

j 2, enacted, that it snail and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to import unmanufactured Tobacco from any Place whatever, being the Place of its Growth, in any British Ship or Vessel owned, registered and navigated according to Law, or in any Ship or Vessel of the Built of the Country or Place of which such Tobacco is the Growth, and whereof the Master and Three fourths of the Mariners at least are of the said Country or Place, or in Vessels which shall have been lawfully condemned as Prize in such Country or Place, and which shall be navigated as aforesaid;

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 75. 353

any thing in a certain Act passed in the Twenty ninth 29g.3. c. 68.

Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof, to the contrary notwithstanding; but subject nevertheless to all the Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures of the said Act, so far as the same are applicable thereto and not repugnant to the Provision before mentioned in the said recited Act, with respect to Tobacco imported from Ports or Places within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies: Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act there shall be raised, jyutJ upon un. levied, collected and paid, to and for the Use of His Majesty, manufactured His Heirs and Successors, for and upon every Pound Weight Tobacco herein Avoirdupoise of all unmanufactured Tobacco which shall be un-ported under the said recited Provisions of the said Act of the Fifty ninth Year aforesaid, not being Tobacco of the Growth or Production of His Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, Islands or Territories in America or the West Indies, or of the United States of America, or of any of the Territories or Dominions of the Emperor of Russia, or of the Ottoman or Turkish Empire, or imported or brought from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and for and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupoise of all such unmanufactured Tobacco imported under the said recited Provisions, which on the passing of this Act was or remained in the Warehouse in which the same was deposited before Payment of Duty, an Excise Duty of Five Shillings.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of the Duty by Duty to be un* this Act imposed as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called der the Ma-England shall be under the Management of thje Commissioners of *j*B«nent p* Excise in England for the time being; and so much thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the time being.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Duty hereby in*- Duty tot* posed shall be secured, raised, levied, collected, recovered and levied in lika paid in such and the like Manner, and in or by any or either of ^*n.ner"?!flCr the general or special -Means, Ways or Methods by which the b<|C^B °- other Duties of Excise now payable upon unmanufactured To- powenof for-bacco imported into Great Britain, are or may be secured, raised, mer Acts ex-levied, collected, recovered and paid; and the said Persons, tended to this Goods, Wares, Merchandise or Commodities, so by this Act re- Act* spectively made liable to the Payment of or chargeable with the said Duty hereby imposed, shall be and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations,

Rules, Restriction^ and Forfeitures, to which such Persons, Goods,

Wares, Merchandise or Commodities are generally or specially liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, respecting the Duties of 1 Geo. IT. A a Excise,

Money arising carried to Consolidated Fund.

Act may be altered, &c. this Session *

57 0.3. «. 125. §11.

C. 75, 76. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Excise, or other Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excise respectively are or may be subject and liable; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture of any Nature or Kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, and for securing the Revenue of Excise on unmanufactured Tobacco imported into Great Britain, or other Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excise respectively, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in execution for and in respect of the said Duty of Excise hereby charged and imposed, in as full and ample Manner to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duty by this Act imposed (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) , shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain and Ireland.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or any of the Provisions thereof, may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the Fifty seventh Year of His late Majesty, as prohibits the Sale in England of any Spirits not being Spirits of Wine, British Brandy, British Gin or Compounds.

[24th July 1820.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for imposing a Duty of Excise on the Excess of Spirits made from Com in England above the Proportion of Nineteen Gallons of Spirits for every One hundred Gallons of Wash; and for further securing the Duties on Wort or Wash made for distilling Spirits in England; and for authorising the Shipment of Rum for Stores in Casks containing Sixty Gallons}* it is amongst other Things enacted, that no Rectifier or Rectifiers of Spirits shall sell, send out or deliver in England any rectified Spirits, not being Spirits of Wine, Brandy, British Gin or Compounds; and that no Raw Spirits shall be sold, removed or delivered to, or brought, taken, had or received by or into the Stock or Possession of any Dealer in or Retailer of Spirits or Wine whatsoever in England, not being an entered Rectifier of Spirits: And Whereas it i& expedient to repeal the skid recited Enactment:* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 76, 77. 355

this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act so much of the repealed, said Act as is hereinbefore recited shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-five, several Acts for regu* lating the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally, to consolidate the countervailing Excise Duties payable on the Importation of Irish Spirits into Great Britain, and to amend the countervailing Excise Duties paid on the Importation of Irish Spirits from Scotland.

[24th July 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty fourth Year of 54 G. s. c. 149.

the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to regulate, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally; and which by an Act passed in the Fifty fifth 55 G.3. c. 1*2.

4 Year of the Reign of His said fate Majesty, was continued until the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His 56 G. 3. c. 105.

said late Majesty, to amend and continue the said recited Act 4 of the Fifty fourth Year aforesaid, and to grant and allow new countervailing Duties and Drawbacks on Spirits imported and exported between England and Scotland and Ireland respectively, the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year aforesaid was further continued, except so far as the same was altered by the last mentioned Act, until the End of the then next Session

of Parliament; and the said recited Acts respectively were by

certain Acts passed respectively in the Fifty seventh, Fifty 57 G. 3.C. 72.

eighth and Fifty ninth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty, further continued until the Fifth Day of July One thou- 5*#

sand eight hundred and twenty: And Whereas the Duties ira- posed and Drawbacks allowed and made payable by the said Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid, were by certain

Acts made in the said Fifty ninth Year repealed, and other Duties and Drawbacks granted and allowed in lieu thereof; and it is expedient that the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year aforesaid, so altered as aforesaid, and such Parts of the said Act of the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid as are now in force, and are not repealed or altered by any Act or Acts of the said Fifty ninth Year, should be further continued, for regulating the

Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally,

and to secure, levy and collect the several Duties imposed and ^payable by Law on such Spirits Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the Rch*d Act, same, That the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year aforesaid, 54^ as altered by the said Act of the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid, and c. j©5.

also such Parts of the last mentioned Acts as are now in force, &c. further cow and are not repealed or altered by this Act, or by any Act or tinned.

Acts

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 18 20

59 G. 3. c. 53. § 23.

59 G. 3. c. 105.

Countervailing Duties now payable on Spirits repealed; and instead thereof Duties herein mentioned.

Spirits imported from Ireland into England of a certain Strength, 11s. per Gallon:

Acts of the said Fifty ninth Year, shall be and the same is and are hereby further continued for the Purposes aforesaid, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and shall be and remain and continue in force from thence until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five.

II. And Whereas by an Act made in the Fifty ninth Year of

the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties of Excise on Tea *

Coffee, and Cocoa Nuts, Tobacco and Snuff, Pepper, Malt and

British Spirits, and consolidating the same with the former Duties thereon, and for amending certain Laws of Excise relating

thereto; certain Duties of Excise were imposed on Wort or Wash brewed or made for extracting therefrdm Spirits in England for Home Consumption, and on Spirits extracted in England for Home Consumption; and certain countervailing Duties of 1 Excise were imposed upon the Importation of Irish Spirits into 1 England and Scotland respectively, and upon the Importation

thereof from Scotland into England: And Whereas by another Act made in the same Session of Parliament, for, amongst other Things, granting an additional countervailing Duty on Spirits

extracted in England or Ireland respectively, and imported into

Scotland, an additional countervailing Duty of Excise was imposed on Irish Spirits imported into Scotland: And Whereas it

is expedient that the countervailing Duties of Excise on Irish Spirits imported into England as aforesaid, should be conaoli- dated and made equal to the Duties of Excise payable on Spirits

extracted in England for Home Consumption, by repealing the

said several countervailing Duties, and imposing other Duties

in lieu thereof; Be it therefore enacted, That all the countervailing Duties imposed as aforesaid, and now payable on the Importation of Spirits made, extracted or distilled in Ireland, and imported from thence into England or Scotland respectively, or imported from Ireland into Scotland, and from Scotland into England, shall, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, be and the same is and are hereby respectively repealed; save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrear thereof respectively, which may at that Time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time before or on that Day; and that from and after the said Kfth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, there shall in lieu thereof be raised, levied, collected and paid, to and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the several countervailing Duties following; that is to say,

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of Irish Spirits, which shall be imported or brought from Ireland into England at any time after the said Fifth Day of July, at a Strength not exceeding Seven per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, and so in proportion for any greater Degree of Strength, not exceeding Twenty one per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, an Excise countervailing Duty of Eleven Shillings:

v

1° GEO. IV. C. 77.

S57

For and upon every Gallon English Wine Measure, of Irish Spirits, which shall be imported or brought from Ireland into Sootland at any time after the said Fifth Day of July, at a Strength not exceeding Seven per Centum above Hydrometer Proof and so in proportion for any greater Degree of Strength, not exceeding Twenty one per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, an Excise countervailing Duty of Six Shillings:

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of Irish Spirits, which shall be imported or brought from Ireland into Scotland at any time after the said Fifth Day of July, and from Scotland into England, at a Strength not exceeding Seven per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, an Excise countervailing Duty of Five Shillings.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties hereby imposed shall be respectively raised, levied, collected, recovered, allowed, paid and applied in such and the like Manner, and in or by any or either of the general or special Means, Ways or Methods, by which the former Duties ot Excise respectively hereby repealed were or might be raised, levied, collected, recovered, allowed, paid and applied; and the Persons, Goods, Wares, Merchandise or Commodities, by this Act respectively made liable to the Payment of or chargeable with the said Duties hereby respectively imposed, shall be and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions and Forfeitures, to which such Persons, Goods, Wares, Merchandise or Commodities were generally or specially made subject and liable by the said recited Acts respectively, or any Act or Acts in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act respecting the Duties of Excise, or other Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise respectively; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture of any Nature or Kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of the said recited Acts respectively, or of any Act or Acts in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act for securing the Duties of Excise respectively hereby repealed* or other Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excise respectively, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in execution for and in respect of the said several Duties of Excise respectively hereby imposed, in as full and ample Manner to all intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or any of the Provisions thereof, may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act to be made in this Session of Parliament.

If brought from Ireland into Scotland, 6s. per Gallon,

and afterwards brought from Scotland into England, 5s. per Gallon.

Duties to be leried and recovered as former Duties of Excise, and Regulations of former Acts to extend hereto.

Act may be altered, &c. this Session.

C. 78.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1 SfcO.

858

55 G. 3. c. 19.

Sched. (A).

Licences to sell Spirits, Wine, &c. within the Places herein mentioned may be obtained on paying 151. British Currency and an additional Is. in the Pound.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act to reduce the Duties payable upon Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail in certain Cities, Towns and Places in Ireland; and to amend the several Acts for securing the Payment of the Duties of Excise upon certain Licences in Ireland; and also tov amend the Laws relating to Licensed Brewers in Ireland.

[24-th July 1820.]

WHEREAS in and by an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the 1 Third, intituled An Act to grant certain Duties of Excise upon Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail,

and upon Licences to Persons dealing in exciseable Commodities in Ireland, in lieu of the Stamp Duties payable upon such Licences; and to secure the Payment of such Excise Duties, and to regulate the issuing of such Licences, and to discourage the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland; and by the Schedule thereto annexed, a Duty or Sum of Twenty two Pounds British Currency, together with the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of such Duty, is granted and imposed upon any Licence to any Person to sell Spirituous Liquors,

4 Wine, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cider or Perry, Metheglin or Mead,

by Retail, in any Place within the Cities and Towns following; 4 that is to say, the Cities of Armaghy Londonderry and Kilkenny, and the Towns of Bandon, Carlow, Cashell, Clonmell, Coleraine,

4 Drogheda, Dundalk, Newry, Sligo, Wexford and Youghall, and within One Mile of the Market House or Market Place therein respectively: And Whereas it may be expedient that such Licences should in certain Cases be granted for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail in the said Cities, Towns and Places respectively, on Payment of a less Sum than the said Sum of Twenty two Pounds: Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to have or obtain at his, her or their Desire, a Licence to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cider or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, by Retail, in any Place within the respective Cities of Armagh, Londonderry and Kil« kenny, and the respective Towqp of Bandon, Carlow, Cashell, Clonmell, Coleraine, Drogheda, Dundalk, Newry, Sligo, Wexford and Youghall, or within One Mile of the Market House or Market Place therein respectively, on Payment of the Sum of Fifteen Pounds British Currency, together with a further Sum after the Rate of One Shilling in the round on the Amount thereof; any thing in the said recited Act, or in the Schedule thereto annexed, or in any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland for amending the said Act, or for the regulating the granting of such Licences, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; subject nevertheless

to

1° GEO. IV.

S59 ,

to all such Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Directions, Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things, with respect to the obtaining of such Licence, as are contained and set forth in the said severe Acts, or any of them, so far as the same are consistent and compatible with each other, and so far as the same are not altered by this Act: Provided always, that any Person on whose Licence such Sum of Fifleen Pounds shall be paid, shall be authorised to sell Spirituous Liquors in any Quantity not exceeding Twenty Gallons at one Time, and no more: Provided also, that if any Person in any of the said Cities, Towns or Places shall pay the full Sum of Twenty two Pounds payable under the said recited Act, or if any Person in any of the said Cities, Towns or Places, having paid the said Sum of Fifleen Pounds, shall pay such additional Sum as shall make the whole Duty paid by such Person amount to Twenty two Pounds British Currency, together with a further Sum after the Rate of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of such Twenty two Pounds, or on such additional Sum, as the Case may be, such Person shall be authorised to sell Spirituous Liquors in any Quantity not exceeding Twenty five Gallons at any one Time, and no more, pursuant to the Provisions of the said recited Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, in their Discretion, to allow or to repay to any Person who shall have paid or shall pay the said Duty or Sum of Twenty two Pounds on any Licence for the Sale of Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail, in any of the Cities, Towns or Places aforesaid, to be in force after the Fifth Day of January in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty, until and upon the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, the Sum^of Seven Pounds British Currency, together with a further Sum after the Rate of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount thereof; and every such Allowance or Repayment shall be made under such Rules and Regulations as the said Commissioners or any Three of them shall direct or appoint; and after such Allowance or Repayment, such Licence shall be good and valid according to the Import thereof, and according to the Provisions of this Act, to ajl Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Complaint or Information, or other Proceeding, shall be had, filed, instituted or prosecuted for the Breach of any of the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, for the regulating of any Occupation, Trade or Calling, for the exercising or carrying on of which any Excise Licence is by Law required to be taken out by the Person exercising or carrying on the same, it shall not be lawful for the Claimant or Defendant to allege or set up as a Defence to such Complaint, Information or other Proceeding, that such Person so exercising or carrying on any such Occupation, Trade or Calling, was not licensed at the Time of the Of-ence charged in or by any such Complaint, Information or other Proceeding, or to allege any Defect, Informality or other Imperfection in any Licence which shall have been or shall be granted to such Person; and it shall not be necessary, on the Trial of any such Complaint or Information, or other Proceeding, for the

Officer

What Number of Spirits Licence to authorise Sale of, at one Time on such Payment, and also on Payment of 221. and additional Shilling in the Pound.

Commissioners may repay to Persons having paid the 221., &c. for Licence.

In case of Information against any Person carrying on Business where a Licence Is required, a Defence that the Offender was not licensed at the Time will not be allowed, nor the Plea of any Informality in the Licence, Ac.

360

C. 78.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

From Sept 99, 1890, Malt to be put into the Mash Tun or Kiere before any Water is

Penalty 20L No Permit for

Quantity than Five Barrels. Time of Brew-

if-

Officer, or Person prosecuting the same to prove that the Person so exercising or carrying on such Occupation, Trade or Calling, was licensed at the Time of the Offence charged in or by such Complaint or Information or other Proceeding; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twenty, all Malt intended to be mashed or brewed in the Brewery of any Brewer shall be put into the Mash Tun or Kieve in such Brewery before any Part of the Water intended to be used in the mashing or brewing of such Malt shall be put into such Mash Tun or Kieve, to the end that any Officer of Excise visiting such Brewery may take a Gauge of such Malt in a dry State in such Mash Tun or Kieve; and if any Water shall be put into any such Mash Tun

. or Kieve before the whole of the Malt then intended to be mashed or brewed shall be put into such Mash Tun or Kieve, then and in every such Case such Brewer shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty the Removal of ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twenty, Malt of less no Permit shall be granted to any Brewer for the Removal into

the Mash Tun or Kieve of such Brewer of any less Quantity of Malt than Five Barrels of Malt at any one Time; and it shall not be lawful for any Brewer to begin to mash or brew any Malt before the Hour of Five o'clock or after the Hour of Eight o'Clock in the Forenoon of any Day; and every mashing or brewing by any Brewer shall be completed, and the liquor or Worts shall be entirely drained off, before the Expiration of Twelve Hours from the Time which shall be specified in the Permit which shall be granted for such mashing or brewing; and all Grains which shall remain after every such mashing or brewing shall be removed out of the Mash Tun or Kieve of such Brewer before the Hour of Twelve o'Clock at Night of the Day of such .mashing or brewing; and if any Quantity of Malt, ground or unground, whether in any Process of mashing or brewing or not, or if any Grains after any mashing or brewing, whether such Grains shall be in a drained State or not, shall be found in the Mash Tun or Kieve of such Brewer before the Hour of Five o'Clock in the Forenoon of any Day; or if any mashing or brewing shall not be completed, and the Liquor or Worts be entirely drained off before the Expiration of Twelve Hours from the Time which shall be specified in the Permit which shall be granted for the Removal of the Malt into such Mash Tun or Kieve, as the Time when such mashing or brewing was to begin, then and in each and every such Case such Brewer shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Officer of Excise shall not be admitted into any Brewery of any Brewer, after having demanded Admittance into the same, and declared his Name and Business, and after having waited for the Space of one Quarter of an Hour after such Demand made at the House of such Brewer, or at the Gate or Entrance Door or any Window of auch Brewery, then and in every such Case such Brewer shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

Finding Malt, &c. after the Time specified.

Penalty 50L

Refusing Officer Admission t > Brewery.

Penalty 501.

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 78, 79.

S61

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and penalties how Forfeitures under this Act shall be paid and payable in British to be recovered Currency, and shall be sued for, recovered and applied in the "d applied, same Manner and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and Directions as arc appointed, directed and expressed for the Recovery of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Act made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King 14 & 15 c. 2. Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the settling the Excise (Irish.) err new Impost upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, inti- 46 G. 3. c. 106. tuled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Revenues of Customs and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were herein expressed and enacted; with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said recited Act made in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other Act or Acts as aforesaid, is provided.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amend- Act may be ed, altered or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament. *"* Semum '

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act for making Allowances to licensed Brewers in Ireland, on account of the additional Duty on Malt used by them within a certain Period.

[24th July 1820.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fifty ninth Year of the 59 G. s. c. 87.

W Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, a § 2 *

4 Duty of Four Shillings and Eight Pence per Barrel was imposed

4 on all Malt in the Stock, Custody or Possession of any Maltster or Brewer on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, in addition to all former Duties on such Malt: And Whereas it is expedient that an Allowance should be made to the licensed Brewers of Ireland in respect of such Duty in manner hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the Brewers to desame, That every Person licensed to brew Strong Beer, Porter, liver to the Ale or Small Beer for Sale in Ireland, and who shall claim any proP*r Allowance under this Act, shall within Thirty Days next after the "e Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, make ceived by them out and deliver to the Collector of the District in which the between Jen. 6, Brewery of such Brewer shall be situate, or to such other Officer July 5, as the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, shall appoint to receive the same, a full, true Brewt

and particular Account in Writing, signed by such Brewer, or in -ingi aiMi 3

case used.

C. 79.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1810.

Officers in charge of Brew, eriea to deliver to the Collector of the District Accounts of the Malt, &c. made up for the same Period.

Oath to be taken by the Brewer and his principal Work-man as to the Quantity of Malt received and used, Sec,

case of a Company or Copartnership, then by one of the Copartners in the Name of such Firm, Company or Copartnership, setting forth the several Quantities of Malt received into the Brewery of such Brewer, or the Stores thereto belonging, on or after the Sixth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, on or before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and the Date when each Quantity was so received, and the total Quantity of Malt so received within such Period; and also setting forth the Dates of the different Brewings or Mashings made in the Brewery of such Brewer during such Period, and the real and true Quantity of Malt actually used in each such Brewing or Mashing, and the total Quantity of Malt so used in such Period; and every such Account shall be in such Form, and shall contain such further or other Particulars, as the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, shall from time to time direct and appoint.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyor or Gauger, or other Officer in charge of the Brewery of such Brewer, shall within Thirty Days next after the Fifth Day of the said Month of July make out and sign and deliver to the Collector of the District, or other Officer appointed as aforesaid, an Account of the several Quantities of Malt received into the Brewery of such Brewer, or the Stores thereto belonging, on or after the Sixth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and on or before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty; and the Date when each Quantity was so received, and the total Quantity of Malt so received within such Period, and also of the several Quantities of Malt actually permitted to the Mash Tun or Kieve of such Brewer within such Period ending on such Fifth Day of July, setting forth the Number and Date of each Permit for the Removal of all such Malt, and the Quantity of Malt expressed therein.

III. And be it further enacted, That every such Collector or other Officer as aforesaid, to whom such Account shall be delivered, shall, at the Time of the Delivery thereof by such licensed Brewer, require such Brewer so delivering such Account, and also the principal working Brewer employed in the Brewery of such licensed Brewer, to make, take and subscribe, in the Presence of such Collector or other Officer as aforesaid, an Oath (or if a Quaker, a solemn Affirmation) of the Tenor, Purport or Effect following; that is to say,

I A.B. of licensed Brewer, and I C. D.

of the principal working Brewer employed

in the Brewery of the said A.B. situate at

within the District of, do severally make

Oath [or solemnly affirm], That within the Period commencing on

the Sixth Day of January and ending on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, both inclusive, there were actually received into the said Brewery, and the Stores thereto belonging, Barrels of Malt and no more, and

that the whole of such Malt was attended with legal and proper Permits for the same; and that within the said Month there were actually and bond Jide mashed or brewed within the said

Brewery

it. D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV.

363

c.Vs.

Brewery Barrels of Mah and no more; and I the said

4 C.D. do also make Oath [or affirm], that all such Malt so mashed or brewed was duly conveyed by Permits into the Mash Tun or Kieve in the said Brewery, and that the said Permits were fairly and legally obtained, without any Fraud or Deception, and without Injury to His Majesty's Revenue, directly or indirectly; and I the said A.B. and I the said C.D. do also severally make Oath [or affirm] that all Duties of Excise on the said Malt so mashed or brewed were duly paid, and that no de-

leterious Ingredient whatever, nor any Ingredient prohibited by Law, had been used in the brewing or making or preparing of

any Beer or Ale or Porter in the said Brewery, at any Time

within the said Period; and all this I the said A, B. and I the said C.D. do severally swear [or affirm] to the best of the Knowledge and Belief of me the said A.B. and me the said ' C.D. respectively, according to the best Information which it has been in the Power of me the said A.B. or me the said C.D. to obtain. 4 So help me GOD. '

And such Collector, or other Officer so appointed as aforesaid, shall have full Power and is hereby authorised and required to administer and receive such Oath or Affirmation, and shall attest the same by subscribing his Name to the Jurat on taking of the same; and if any such licensed Brewer, or his principal working Brewer, shall, when thereto respectively required, neglect or refuse to make, take or swear, and subscribe such Oath or Affirmation, then and in such Case such licensed Brewer shall not be entitled to Payment of any Allowance under this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if the Collector of such District, or other Officer so appointed as aforesaid, shall be satisfied of the Truth of the several Matters and Things stated and set forth in the several Accounts, Oaths or Affirmations which shall have been delivered and made pursuant to the Provisions aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for such Collector, or other Officer aforesaid, to give such Brewer a Certificate under his Hand of the Quantity of Malt appearing to him to have been used and consumed by such Brewer within such Period, from the Sixth Day of January to the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty; and upon Production of such Certificate to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners, or any Three of them, to pay or cause to be paid out of any Revenue under their Management to such Brewer, or to be allowed to such licensed Brewer, in such manner as the said Commissioners shall direct, a Sum after the Rate of Three Shillings and Sixpence for every Barrel of Malt which shall appear to have been so actually used and consumed by such Brewer in the making or brewing of Beer, Ale or Porter, within such Period.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Three of them, from time to time to make such further or other Rules, Orders and Regulations, with respect to the obtaining and Payment of any Allowance or Sums of Money under this Act, and for the preventing of Frauds in claiming the same, as the said

Commis-

Collector, &c. to administer and receive such Oath, Ac *

Collector satisfied as to Truth of Account to deliver a Certificate to Brewer, entitling him to receive an Allowance of 5s. 6d. for every Barrel of Malt used.

Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes to make Regulations for Payment of Allowances and for preventing Frauds.

364

C. 79, 80.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Perjury.

Subornation of Perjury.

Act may be altered, &c. this Session.

Commissioners or any Three of them shall think fitting or expedient; and all such Rules, Orders and Regulations, when so made, shall be obeyed and complied with by all Persons claiming' Payment of such Sums; and that no such Sums of Money or Allowance shall be paid to any Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to comply with such Rules, Orders and Regulations, when the same shall be so made.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall take such Oath, or make such Affirmation, as is by this Act required to be taken or made, shall wilfully or knowingly swear or affirm falsely therein, every such Person, being duly convicted thereof, shall suffer the Pains and Penalties to which Persons guilty of wilful or corrupt Perjury are or shall be subject by any Law in force in Ireland; and if any Person shall corruptly procure or suborn any other Person or Persons to swear or affirm falsely in any such Oath or Affirmation, every such Person, being duly convicted of such procuring or suborning, shall for every such Offence incur and suffer such Penalties, Forfeitures, Pains and Disabilities, as Persons convicted of Subornation of Perjury are respectively liable unto by any Law in force in Ireland.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act allowing Importers of Sugar in Ireland to give Certificates for Sugar sold by them, in lieu of Permits.

[24th July 1820.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to allow importing Merchants, in certain Ports in Ireland, to give Certificates for such

Sugar as they shall sell to Persons residing within the same Port, which Certificates shall be in lieu of Permits:* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au-

Importers (in thority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act,

Toteccoma lt s*111! and may be lawful for importing Merchants, in Ports in

be imported^ Ireland where Tobacco may by Law be imported, to give Certifi-may give Cer- cates for all such Sugar as they shall sell to Persons residing tificates for Su- within the same Port or Place where they shall have imported the same, of the several Parcels or Quantities of such Sugar which sons re&idimr at shall have sold; which Certificates shall have the same Force the Port of Im- and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes, to protect such Sugar portation, which within such Port or Place, as Permits have in respect to Goods shall have the conveying or conveyed from one Place to another; any thing in Effect of Per- any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; and every such mi Certificate of such importing Merchant shall be written or printed

in plain legible Characters, and shall contain such Particulars as the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, shall direct or appoint, and shall be signed by the importing Merchant with his Christian Name and Surname, and in his usual manner of writing the same.

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 80. 365

II. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any importing Merchant or Merchants shall give any Certificate of having sold any Sugar to any other Person or Persons, the Quantity of such Sugar shall be deducted from the Credit of the Person or Persons giving the same; and all Surplus or Excess of Sugar above such Credit, which shall be found in the Custody or Possession of the importing Merchant or Merchants who shall have given such Certificate, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Customs or Excise.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any such importing Merchant shall give any such Certificate of having sold any Sugar to any Person or Persons, and if the Sugar mentioned in such Certificate to have been sold shall not have been actually sold and delivered to the Person or Persons to whom the Sugar mentioned in such Certificate was sold, and was to be delivered, then and in every such Case such importing Merchant or Merchants shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and upon the Trial of any Information for the aforesaid Penalty, the Defendant or Defendants therein shall be convicted, unless such Defendant or Defendants shall prove that the Sugar mentioned in such Certificate was actually imported by such Defendant or Defendants, and was actually sold and delivered to the Person or Persons in such Certificate named to be the Person or Persons to whom such Sugar was sold.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons to whom any such Sugar shall be sent, shall, within Twenty four Hours, or in case a Sunday, Christmas Day or Good Friday shall intervene, within Forty eight Hours after the Arrival of the Sugar at the Place of Destination, repair with the Certificate of the importing Merchant under which such Sugar shall be sent to the proper Officer for granting Permits, where an Office for that Purpose shall be established, and lodge the same with the proper Officer in such Office, and in all other Places to the Surveyor or Officer of Excise of the Walk, and lodge the said Certificate with him; and every such Officer shall carefully examine such Sugar, and shall without Fee or Reward, upon Oath or Affirmation made by the Person to whom such Sugar shall be delivered, or (in case of his or her Inability to attend) by his or her known Clerk or Agent; which Oath or Affirmation every such Officer is hereby respectively authorised to administer, that the Sugar mentioned in such importing Merchant's Certificate was to the best of the Knowledge or Belief of such Person really and truly brought from the importing Merchant, and from the Place mentioned in such Certificate, give the Person by or on whose Behalf such Certificate shall be so lodged an Excise Certificate, signed by such Officer, that such importing Merchant's Certificate was lodged with him, which Excise Certificate shall be dated and shall contain in the Body thereof a Copy of such importing Merchant's Certificate; and if any Sugar shall be found in the Possession of any Person dealing in Sugar after the Expiration of Twenty four Hours, or Forty eight Hours respectively, after the Arrival thereof (the Proof of the Time of such Arrival to be on the Owner or Claimant, and not on the Officer or Prosecutor); and if such Excise Certificate as is hereinbefore mentioned shall not be produced

by

Sugar so sold deducted from Credit of Importer.

Excess forfeited.

Importer giving Certificate without delivering the Sugar,

Penalty 501.

Certificates to be lodged with the proper Officer within a limited Time, for which an Excise Certificate shall be given.

Oath.

Sugar forfeited in case of Non-compliance.

Excise Certificate renewed after Three Months for Sugar remaining unsold.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

14 & 15 C. 2.

(TO

46 G. 3.0.106.

Act may be altered, &c. this Session.

57 G. 3.C. 34.

7.

C. 80, 81. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

by or on Behalf of the Person in whose Possession such Sugar shall have been found, all such Sugar shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Customs or Excise.

V. And be it further enacted, That every such Excise Certificate shall not protect the Sugar mentioned therein for any longer Space of Time than Three Calendar Months after the same shall be granted; and that at or before the Expiration of such Time the proper Officer shall, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, grant, without Fee or Reward, a new Excise Certificate for such Sugar, or for so much thereof as shall appear to such Officer upon Examination thereof to remain on Hand and undisposed of; and at the Time of such new Certificate being granted, the former Certificate shall be delivered up to the Officer granting such new Certificate.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act shall be paid and payable in British Currency, and shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, sued for, recovered and applied in such Manner, and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and Directions, as are appointed, directed and expressed for the Recovery of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Act made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the settling of the Excise or new Impost upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Motters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Revenues of Customs and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same were herein repeated and enacted; with the tike Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said recited Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other Act or Acts as aforesaid, is provided.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act to amend several Acts made in the Fifty seventh and Fifty eighth Years of His late Majesty, for the Advance of Money for carrying on Public Works, and for other Purposes, so far as the said Acts relate to Ireland.

[24th July 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to authorise the Issue of Exchequer Bills, and the Advance of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, to a limited Amount, for the carrying on of Public Works and Fisheries in

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 81.

67

the United Kingdom, and the Employment of the Poor in Great Britain, in Manner therein mentioned: And Whereas the said recited Act was amended by Two Acts, the one passed in the

said Fifty seventh Year and the other in the Fifty eighth Year of 57 s- lS4>

the Reign of His said late Majesty: And Whereas by the said 58 c*88k

first recited Act it is among other Things enacted, that any Two of the Commissioners to be appointed for Ireland as therein mentioned should, before they should act as such, take an Oath therein set forth before One of the Barons of the Exchequer of Ireland, and that every other of such Commissioners should take the same Oath before such Two Commissioners so sworn Be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act Commissioner, every Commissioner who shall be nominated and appointed for the on hi* Appoint-Purposes of the said recited Acts and of this Act, by the Lord tfke

Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, Oath°beforeg shall, before he shall enter on the Execution of any of the said re- Two or more cited Acts or of this Act in Ireland, take an Oath before any Two of the Com-or more of the Commissioners for the time being for the Execu- nri»ooere. tion of the said recited Act or of this Act, and that the Tenor of such Oath shall be as follows; (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully and impartially execute the several Powers and Trusts vested in me by an Act intituled [here set forth the Title of the said frst mentioned Act of the Fifty seventh Year of His Late Majesty's Reign,] and by the

several Acts made for amending the said Act, according to the

best of my Judgment, and according to the Purport of the said several Acts/

Which said Oath the Commissioners for the time being, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to administer.

II. And Whereas it is by the said first recited Act among 57 g. 5. c. 84.

other Things enacted, that the Principal Sum which should be $ 86.

advanced in Ireland under the Certificates of the said Commissioners there, the Payment whereof should not be otherwise provided for pursuant to the said Act, bhould be paid, with Interest at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum by the Year, into the Receipt of the Exchequer in Ireland, in Manner in the said recited Act mentioned Be it enacted, That all Principal Sums Money ad-which shall or may have been advanced or lent in Ireland Out of vanced More the Consolidated Fund at any time before the passing of this Act, under and in pursuance of the Certificates of the Commissioners for the Execution of the said recited Acts, or of any or either of terest, by such them, in Ireland, shall be paid without any Deduction or Abate- Inatahnenta, ment, together with Interest for the same after such Rate as shall &c. aa shall have been directed and appointed with respect to such Sums re- JjV. spectively, into the Bank or Ireland, to the Account of the Teller pnmniiMiaiii it for the time being of His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland, by such Instalments, and in such Proportions, and at such Periods and Titnes as the said Commissioners shall or may have directed and appointed at any time before the passing of this Act; any thing in

368 C. 81. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Money advanced after the passing of this Act shall be repaid in like manner, with Interest, as shall have been directed.

The Lord Lieutenant may reduce the Interest.

Five Commissioners may act, unless where otherwise specially provided.

Three Commissioners may receive Applications for Advances of Money for Public 'Works; and Five Commissioners may grant the Loan required.

the said recited Acts or either of them, or any thing in the Contracts made for the Repayment of the said Sums respectively, or the Securities for the same, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Principal Sums which at any time after the passing of this Act shall be advanced or lent in Ireland\ under and by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, shall be paid without Deduction or Abatement, together with Interest for the same at the Rate of Six Pounds or Five Pounds, as shall or may be directed by the said Commissioners, for every One hundred Pounds, by the Year, into the Bank of Ireland, for the Account and to the Credit of the Teller for the time being of His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland, by such Instalments and in such Proportions and at such Periods and Times as the said Commissioners shall, by and with the Consent of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, direct and appoint, and as shall be specified in the Securities to be taken by the said Commissioners for the Repayment of such Money.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to order, if he or they shall, either on the Recommendation of the said Commissioners or otherwise, think proper so to do, that the Interest payable on any Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been advanced or lent as aforesaid, shall be reduced from the Rate of Interest at or upon which the same shall have been so lent, to any lesser Rate of Interest which shall be specified in such Order; and also to order that any such Sum so to be hereafter advanced or lent in Ireland shall be so advanced or lent at any lesser Interest than Five Pounds per Centum, which shall be specified in such Order; and the same shall be so lent or advanced accordingly, and so repaid as aforesaid in all respects, save that such lesser Interest, and no more, shall be received thereon or paid therewith.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Acts, Matters and Things which the Commissioners in Ireland for the Execution of the said recited Acts and of this Act are required or authorised to do or execute by virtue of the same respectively, shall and may, unless otherwise specially provided, be done and executed by any Five or more of such Commissioners in Ireland; any thing in the said recited Acts or any of them, requiring the Assent of the Majority of such Commissioners, in anywise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners in Ireland for the time being, or any Three or more of them, to receive Applications in Writing from any Person or Persons whomsoever, for the Loan and Advance of Money by Exchequer Bills or otherwise, for the making or improving any public Road, Railway, Bridge, Canal or Harbour in Ireland, or for the making or executing any Work whatsoever, whether of a public or private Nature, in Ireland; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to grant such Loan or Loans, in pursuance of such Applications, as they shall think fit, out of the Sum of Two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds in the said first

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 81.

SG9

recited Act mentioned, provided it shall sufficiently appear to the Proviso, said Commissioners that such Works respectively will give Employment to the labouring Classes of People where such Works are to be carried on, and having due Regard to the Security proposed for the Repayment of the Money or Exchequer Bills to be so advanced, and the Interest thereof.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Bond, Mortgage, or No Bond or other Security or Instrument to be executed or taken in Ireland «ther In*tru-under the said recited Acts or this Act, nor any Examination, ?*ntI, ^, eto Affidavit, Deposition, Receipt or Consent by Sureties or Surety mp uty* to an Extension of Time granted by the said Commissioners, for the Payment of any Exchequer Bills or Money advanced to any Principal by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, nor any Receipt or other Document which may be taken or made under and by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, and for the Purpose of carrying the said Acts and this Act into Execution in Ireland, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatsoever; any thing in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

VIII. And Whereas a considerable Part of the said Sum of The Lord LieuTwo hundred and fifty thousand Pounds remains still undisposed tenant may ap of, and it would be useful to apply and employ on certain Costditions a Portion thereof in Aid of divers public Works herein- whSwut°

after mentioned, which are likely to be undertaken if so encou- Salary.

raged but not otherwise, and which would tend greatly to promote the useful Objects above mentionedBie it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to appoint and remove at his or their Pleasure Two or more Civil Engineers in Dublin, who shall act without Salary, Fee, or Reward in the several Matters hereinafter directed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Maps and Estl-to and for any Person or Persons who shall be desirous of applying mates of new to any Grand Jury or Grand Juries in Ireland for any Presentment or Presentments for any new Line of Road; or to and for ^*^Calp!Sw the Trustees of any Turnpike Road, who shall be desirous of Works, may altering the Line or any Part of the Line thereof; or for the be laid before Trustees or Proprietors of any Harbour, Canal, Railway, or other wh Engineers, public Work whatever, to procure at his or their own Expense a Map, Section and Estimate of such proposed Road or Work, to be made by such Surveyor or Surveyors, Person or Persons, as he or they shall think proper, and lay the same before the said Engineers so to be appointed by the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Engineers to

to and for such Engineers to be appointed, by Examination on inspect the Oath before them, or any Two or more of them, of the Person c*r *

or Persons who shall have so prepared such Map, Section and ^eLm^icul Estimate respectively, or of such other Person or Persons as shall tenant *

be produced for that Purpose before them, or as they shall think proper to summon for that Purpose, or by making or causing to be made any new Survey, Section or Estimate of such Road or Work, or of any Part thereof, or by such other Ways or Means as they shall think proper, to examine into the Merits of such Road

870 C. 81. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Proceedings when Plans and Estimates of such Public Works are approved, whether Presentment Hoods or Turnpike Roads.

Application of Sums presented.

or Work, and of the proposed Plan so laid before them for the Execution thereof, and to certify under their Hands and Seals their Opinion thereon fully and particularly to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being.

XI. And be it further enacted, That as soon as any such Proposal, whether with or without Alteration, shall have bfeen approved of by such Engineers, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Grand Jury of any County through which any such new Line of Road, or any Part thereof, shall run, if such Road shall be a Presentment Road, and they are hereby required, to make a Presentment for One Moiety of the Expenses of making such Road, and to direct that such Plan and such Approbation thereof, and a Copy of such Presentment duly certified, shall be laid before the Commissioners for the time being for the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act; or in case such Road shall be a Turnpike Road, then such Plan and the Approbation thereof, and the Estimate of the Expense thereof, may be laid before the said Commissioners by the Trustees of such Turnpike Road; and in case of any Harbour, Canal or other Public Work, then such Plan and Estimate so approved shall be laid before the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act by the Trustees or Proprietors of such Harbour, Canal or other Public Work; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, to certify to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland under their Hands and Seals, or the Hands and Seals of any Three of the said Commissioners, the Amount of such Presentment; or in case of a Turnpike Road, Harbour, Canal or other Public Work, the Amount of such Estimate; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to direct by his or their Warrant, if he or they shall think fit, that a Sum equal to the whole of such Presentment, or equal to the Half Part of such Estimate for any Turnpike Road, Harbour, Canal or other Public Work, shall be paid out of the said Sum of Two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds in the said first recited Act mentioned, in Aid of such Road or Work, in Manner hereinafter mentioned, (that is to say,) that as soon as it shall be ascertained to the Satisfaction of the said Engineers or any Two or more of them, by Examination on Oath before them respectively, that One Moiety or Half Part of the Amount of any such Presentment or Estimate hath been well and bonci fide expended in, upon, and towards the Execution and Completion of the Road or Work therein mentioned, or any Part or Parts thereof, and that Two or more of the said Engineers shall have certified under Hand and Seal that the same hath been so ascertained to their Satisfaction, then and thereupon One Moiety of the Sum so ordered by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors to be paid as aforesaid, shall be paid by Warrant of such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors to the Treasurer of the County, or to his Order, if such Road shall be a Presentment Road; and if such Road shall be a Turnpike Road, then to the Trustees thereof or to their Order; or in case of a Harbour, Canal or other Public Work, then to the Trustees or Proprietors tJiereor

1° GEO. IV. C. 8i, 82.

371

or to their Order; and as soon as and whenever it shall be in like Manner certified that the Residue of the Amount of such Presentment or Estimate hath or have been expended in and upon the Road therein mentioned, and that the same hath or have been completed, then and thereupon the Residue of the Sum so ordered to be paid by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall be paid to such Treasurer or Trustees in Manner aforesaid respectively.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Sums so to be paid for such Purposes, under the Order of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, shall not in the whole exceed the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, and shall be paid out of the said Sum of Two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds in the said first recited Act mentioned, and not out of any other Fund.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to include, in any such Presentment or Estimate for any Road, not only the Road so to be made, but also all and every Bridges, Gullets, Parapets, and all other Works, Matters and Things necessary or proper for making such Road, or for safely and conveniently using the same; but that it shall not be lawful to include in any such Estimate for any Road, Harbour or Public Work, the Value or Price of any Ground which shall be taken or required for the same, or the Amount of any Traverse for Damages or Compensation in respect thereof, or of the Sum found or presented under any such Traverse, but that all such Matters shall be paid and discharged respectively as if this Act had not been made.

XIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no such Order for the Payment of any Money under any such Presentment or Estimate, shall be made after the Expiration of Five Years from the passing of this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Engineers to be appointed in Manner aforesaid under this Act, or any Two or more of them, to administer any Oath required in the Execution of their Duty under this Act; and that if any Person shall knowingly swear falsely therein, such Person being thereof duly convicted shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and shall be punished accordingly.

XVI. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the Encouragement and Improvement of the Irish Fisheries.

[24th July 1820.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the further Encouragement and Improvement of the Irish Fisheries, it is among other Things enacted, that a 4 Bounty of Fifty Shillings per Ton shall be paid annually, out of His Majesty's Revenues under the Management of the Commissioners

Amount of Money issued out of Sum gi anted by recited Act-

Estimates for Hoads may include Bridges, Ac.

but not the Price of Ground for Public Work.

Limitation of Order.

Engineenmay

administer

Oaths.

Act may be altered, &c. this Session.

.10 0.3. c. \0%

1.

372

C. 82.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

The Bounty of 50a. per Ton granted by recited Act repealed, to far as regards the Herring Fishery; and instead thereof 3L per Ton shall be paid for Vessels of not less than 15 Tons.

No Vessel to be paid for more than 60 Tons.

Vessels to be provided with Two Barrels and Three Bushels of Salt and 355 Square Yards of Netting for every Ton, &c.

To be manned as herein mentioned.

sioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, to the Owner or Owners of all such decked Vessel or Vessels, if not less than Fifteen Tons Burthen, or to the Person or Persons hiring or chartering such Vessel or Vessels, which shall be fitted out from any Port in Ireland for Fishing and curing Fish in the Irish Fisheries, in the Manner and under the Conditions therein particularly described: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Bounty should be repealed, so far as regards the Herring Fishery, and another Bounty granted in lieu thereof, and that the said Act should be altered and amended:* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after passing of this Act the said Bounty of Fifty Shillings per Ton shall cease and determine, and shall be and the same is hereby repealed, so far as regards the Herring Fishery in the said recited Act mentioned; and that in lieu of the Bounty so repealed, a Bounty of Three Pounds par Ton shall be paid annually out of His Majesty's Revenues under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Fort Duties in Ireland, to the Owner or Owners of any whole decked or half decked Vessel or Vessels, if not less than Fifteen Tons Burthen, or to the Person or Persons hiring or chartering such Vessel or Vessels, being Irish or British built, or a Prize Vessel legally condemned in any of His Majesty's Courts of Admiralty, and owned in Great Britain or Ireland, and manned, navigated, and registered according to Law, which shall at any time after the passing of this Act be fitted out from any Port in Ireland for and shall be actually employed in the open Sea White Herring Fishery, in the Manner and under the Conditions mentioned in the said Act and in this Act: Provided always, that such Bounty shall not, in respect of any Vessel, be computed or paid on any greater Number of Tons than Sixty, although such Vessel shall be of greater Burthen.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Vessel shall be deemed to be properly fitted out for and to be duly employed in the open Sea White Herring Fishery, so as to entitle the Owner or Owners to any Bounty on the Tonnage thereof by virtue of this Act, unless such Vessel be provided with Two sufficient Barrels and Three Bushels of Salt at least for every Ton of the Admeasurement of such Vessel, nor unless such Vessel shall be provided with Three hundred and thirty five Square Yards of Netting, at the least, for every Ton of her Admeasurement, together with a suitable Rope of proper Dimensions to ride by the Nets of such Vessel, and other necessary Materials for the Equipment and Mounting thereof; nor unless such Vessel shall be manned with the Number of Men following at the least; that is to say, with Five Men if such Vessel shall not exceed the Burthen of Twenty Tons; with Six Men if she shall exceed the Burthen of Twenty Tons and shall be under the Burthen of Thirty Tons; and if she shall exceed the Burthen of Thirty Tons, then with such Number of Men more than Six as shall from time to time be required by any Regulations to be made for that Purpose by the Commissioners of the Irish Fisheries.

P GEO. IV. C. 82.

873

III. And be it farther enacted, That in order to entitle any Person who shall claim any Bounty on the Tonnage of any Vessels to receive such Bounty by virtue of this Act the Crew of every such Vessel shall fish in the open Sea (and not in any River, Bay or Lock) , off some Part or Parts of the Coast of Great Britain, Ireland, or the Isle of Man, and shall shoot and haul the Nets directly from and into the Vessel, without the Intervention or Use of a small Boat, the Nets being attached to the Vessel while they are set, and the Vessel not being at Anchor when the Crew are shooting the Nets during the Time the Nets are set, nor while the Crew are hauling or taking them in, (except in any Case where it may be necessary to cast Anchor for the Safety of the Vessel, such Necessity to be stated in the Journal after mentioned); that the said Crew shall diligently prosecute the Fishery in an orderly and regular Manner for Sixty Days, exclusive of Saturdays and Sundays, reckoning from the Day of first shooting the Nets; that the Crew shall have the Nets shot during such Part of every Twenty four Hours of the said Sixty Days as shall be necessary for the successful Prosecution of the Fishery, and shall not impede or obstruct the Crew of any other Vessel or Boat employed in the Fishery; and if from Stress of Weather, Loss of Nets, or other unavoidable Pause, the Crew shall be compelled to discontinue fishing, they shall, at the Expiration of the said Sixty Days, exclusive of Saturdays and Sundays, continue to fislv for such longer Time as shall be equal to the mimber of Days the Fishing shall have been so discontinued by them; that is to say, such Crew shall fish Sixty Nights complete, whatever Interruption they may have experienced, before the Voyage is completed; and if at any time it shall happen that only Part of the Netting required to be on board shall be set upon any Fishing Night, the Quantity actually set, and the Cause why the whole was not set* shall be distinctly inserted in the Journal.

IV. And be it ftirther enacted, That the Crew of any such Vessel shall take no Fish other than Herrings, except for their Sustenance, nor receive on board the Vessel any Herrings not taken by them; that the Herrings taken intended for Bounty shall be gutted and packed into Barrels on board the Vessel, and the Barrels shall be headed up and stowed away on the same Day the Herrings are caught, it possible; that the Herrings shall not be landed except in the Presence of an Officer of the Fishery, nor shall any Vessel be allowed to return to Port oftener than at the End of each Week (unless compelled by Stress of Weather, or other unavoidable or necessary Cause, to be specified in the Journal) , at which Time whatever Deficiency may have taken place in the Number of the Crew, or in the Quantity of the Fishing Materials and Stores required to be on board, shall be supplied and taken on board before the Vessel proceeds again to Sea.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Master'of every such Vessel shall make Oath, before an Officer of the Fishery, of the Observance of the aforegoing Regulations; that the said Master shall keep a Journal containing an Account of every Day's Transactions, mentioning particularly the Distance of the Vessel from (he Shore every Time the Nets are shot and hauled, and to what

The Crew to fish in the Open SMU

Regulations to be observed in fishing.

Crew to taka no Fish but Herrings, except for Sustenance. Herrings to be gutted and packed in Barrels.

Master to make Oath as to Observance of Regulations, and to keep a Journal, which shall be verified on Oath.

374

C. 8Z.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Herrings to be inspected and certified for Bounty.

Every Information required by the Officers to be given.

Regulations prescribed by recited Act, &c. to be observed.

Deficiency of Netting and of Men by Accident to be immediately supplied.

The Bounty of 5s. per Barrel granted by 59 G. 3. c. 109. § 11, repealed as to Herrings; and instead thereof a Bounty of 4s. shall be paid for every Barrel containing 32 Gallons of White Herrings.

Place on the Shore the Vessel is then opposite, the Quantity of Herrings caught every Day, together with the Number of Barrels thereof gutted and packed the same Day, and the Marks put upon the Barrels; and that the Truth of the Journal shall be in like manner verified upon Oath by such Master, who shall deliver the Original Copy thereof to the Officer of the Fishery, together with a fair Copy if required.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Herrings caught, gutted and cured by the Crew of any such Vessel shall be kept separate and apart from all other Herrings until they shall be produced to the proper Officer of the Fishery, to be inspected, branded, and certified for Bounty; and that the Master and Two of the Mariners shall make Oath before such Officer that the Herrings so produced to him as Herrings caught and cured by the Crew of such Vessel were all and every Part thereof really and truly so caught and cured by the said Crew, and were taken in the open Sea, according to the Regulations hereinbefore mentioned.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Employer, Master, and Crew of every such Vessel shall honestly and truly give every Information that shall be required of them by the Officers of the Fishery relative to the Manner in which the Voyage has been conducted, exclusive of the Information contained in the Master's Journal; and that every Rule and Regulation prescribed by the said recited Act, as amended by this Act, or which has been or shall be prescribed by the Commissioners for the Irish Fishery, with respect to Herrings cured on board Vessels or Boats, or on Shore, shall be observed and complied with in regard to Herrings caught and cured by the Crews of any such Vessel, so far as the same are applicable; and that the said Commissioners shall be fully satisfied of the Industry and faithful Dealings of the Crew of every such Vessel.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Netting shall be diminished by Stress of Weather or other Accident, and the Number of Men required by this Act shall be reduced by Death, Desertion or otherwise, the Master shall use his utmost Exertions to have the Deficiency supplied, according to such Regulations as the Commissioners of the Irish Fisheries shall make, for the purpose of satisfying themselves that the Loss or Diminution happened entirely from Accident, and not from Connivance or Design.

IX. And whereas by the said recited Act of the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, it is among other things enacted, that in order to give Employment and Encouragement to the Industrious Poor residing on the Coasts of Ireland, there shall and may be paid a Bounty of Three Shillings per Barrel to all Persons residing in Ireland who shall cure and pack Herrings, Pilchards, and Mackerel, according to such Rules and Regulations as the Commissioners of the Irish Fisheries shall make and appoint for that Purpose; and it is expedient that the said Bounty should be repealed, and that another Bounty should be granted in lieu thereof, under the Regulations contained in the said recited Act and this Act Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 82. 375

Bounty of Three Shillings shall cease and determine, and shall be and the same is hereby repealed, in so far as regards Herrings; and that in lieu thereof a Bounty of Four Shillings a Barrel shall be paid, out of His Majesty's Revenues under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, for every Barrel containing Thirty two Gallons of White Herrings which shall be caught on any Part of the Coasts of Great Britain,

Ireland, or the Isle of Manf and landed in Ireland, and which shall be cured and pamced according to the Directions of the said Act and of this Act, and which shall be produced to and inspected by the proper Officer of the Fishery.

X. And Whereas by the said recited Act it is among other 59 G.5. c. 109. 4 things enacted, that the Bounties thereby granted per Barrel on $ 24.

Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, shall not be paid or allowed unless, among other things, the Barrel shall contain of Fish, mnd Brine! to exclusive of the Salt and Brine, Two hundred and twenty four contain 255 It*. 4 Pounds Weight, except Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel in- except Hertended to be exported to any Place out of Europe, which shall rin*\to *

and are thereby required to be repacked with Great Salt, the 0lwhkh Barrel of which Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel shall contain ghaUbe re.

Two hundred and twelve Pounds of net Fish:* Be it enacted, packed, andth« That (over and aboie the several Particulars in the said Act re- Barrel to acquired for the obtaining of the Bounty per Barrel, and which are ° *

not repealed or altered by this Act) , the Bounty of Four Shil- net "* lings per Barrel granted by this Act shall not be paid or allowed for any Herrings of which the Barrel shall not contain of Fish, exclusive of the Weight of Salt and Brine, Two hundred and thirty five Pounds Weight, except Herrings intended to be exported to any Place out of Europe, which shall and are hereby required to be repacked with Great Salt, the Barrel of which Herrings shall contain Two hundred and twelve Pounds of net Fish; and that the said Bounty of Four Shillings per Barrel shall Herrings to be not be paid or allowed for any Herrings that were not originally packed within gutted and cured and packed within Twenty fohr Hours after 24 Hours, &c* they were caught, or for any Herrings which were cured in Bulk, or otherwise than in Barrels, or which, having been cured in Barrels, shall have been afterwards laid in Bulk, or which shall not be bung-packed or repacked, and in all respects properly cured and packed, or for any Barrel of Herrings on which any Mark or Character whatsoever formerly branded shall be found to have been altered or defaced; and if any Herrings (other than On Noncom-Herrings repacked with Great Salt) of which the Barrel shall not plisnce with contain of net Fish, exclusive of the Weight of Salt and Brine, the a*!OTe Two hundred and thirty five Pounds, or if any Herrings repacked with Great Salt, of which the Barrel shall not contain of net Fish auction forth* Two hundred and twelve Pounds Weight, or any Herrings which Bounty, for-were not originally gutted, cured and packed within Twenty four feitod.

Hours after they were caught, or which were cured in Bulk, or otherwise than in Barrels, or which having been cured in Barrels shall have been afterwards laid in Bulk, or any Herrings mixed or packed with any such Herrings as aforesaid, shall be produced to any Officer of the Fishery, to be branded in his Presence and certified by him, for the Purpose of obtaining the said Bounty of Four Shillings for the same, all such Herrings, with the Barrel or

376

No Barrel of Herrings repacked, &c. entitled to Bounty, unless 15 Days intervened from original Pack *, ing, Ac.

Forfeiture.

Herrings to be gutted with a Knife.

Commissioner of Irish Fisheries to make Regulations.

If Herrings are gutted otherwise than with a Knife, Commissioners may withhold Part of the Bounty.

Contents of Half Barrels.

What Mesh Herring Nets, &c. to have.

C. 82. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Barrels containing the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fishery.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Barrel of Herrings repacked or bung-packed, shall be deemed entitled to the Bounty of Four Shillings per Barrel granted by this Act, unless a Space of Time not less than Fifteen Days shall have intervened from and after the Day when the said repacked Herrings were originally cured and packed, and before the Day when the same were begun to be repacked, or unless a Space of Time not less than Fifteen Days shall have intervened from and after the Day when such bung-packed Herrings were originally cured and packed, and before the Day when the same were completely bung-packed; and if any Barrel of Herrings repacked or bung-packed shall be produced to any Officer of the Fishery in order to obtain the said Bounty, not being entitled thereto according to the Provisions of this Act, the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fishery.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the pass* ing of this Act, Herrings* in respect of which the Bounty by this Act granted shall be intended to be claimed, shall be gutted with a Knife in the Manner practised by the Dutch Fishermen; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of th§ Irish Fisheries to make Rules and Regulations for carrying the Purposes of this Provision into effect; and every Person who is required by the said Act of the Fifty ninth Year of His late Majesty to keep a Journal or Account of Herrings cured, shall mention therein whether the Herrings<taken, cured and gutted every Day, or what Part thereof, were wholly gutted with a Knife according to the Regulations to be made pursuant to this Act; and if any Darrels or Half Barrels of Herrings which shall have been gutted otherwise than with a Knife in the Manner hereby directed shall be produced to any Officer of the Fishery in order to be branded and certified for the Bounty hereby granted, the said Officer shall, in the Debenture or Certificate to be granted by him pursuant to the said Act of the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, describe or distinguish such Barrel or Half Barrels of Herrings as have been gutted otherwise than as hereby directed; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Irish Fisheries, in the Allowance under the Hands of the said Commissioners required by the said Act to be made at the Foot of the Debenture or Certificate of the Officer, to cquse to be disallowed and withholden a Part of the Bounty granted by this Act, not exceeding Sixpence for each and every Barrel, and Three Pence for every Half Barrel of such Herrings as last above mentioned.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Half Barrel of White Herrings shall, whether bung-packed or repacked, contain Half the Quantity of Fish, exclusive of Salt and Brine, which a Barrel of Herrings, whether bung-packed or repacked, is by this Act required to contain respectively, and shall be entitled to Half of the Bounty, and be subject to all Rules, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, to which a Barrel of Herrings in the like Case is liable.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Person shall use in any River or Lock, or at

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 8Z.

377

Sea, in or on the Coast of Ireland, any Herring Net, or any Traul

Net, Drag Net, or other Sea Net for the taking of Herrings, which

shall have a Mesh of less than One Inch from Knot to Knot, or

which shall have any False or Doable Bottom, Cod or Pouch, or jj0 fy* &

shall put any Net, though of legal Size, behind any other Net or Double Boc-

Nets, to destroy the small Fish; and that every Person offending Ac.

herein shall forfeit every such Net as aforesaid, and the Sum of

Forty Pounds for every such Offence; and it shall be lawful for Penalty 40l. and

the Commissioners of the Irish Fisheries to cause every such Net Net burnt.

to be burnt.

XV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing No White Her-

of this Act, no White Herrings or Pilchards or Mackerel, or other "g* Ac to Fish, shall be cured, packed or put up in Ireland, or on board

any Vessel or Boat employed in the Irtsh Fishery, in any Barrel

which shall be made in Whole or in Part of Fir; and that no Tblcknm, Sec.

White Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel shall be cured, pickled to

or put up in any Barrel which shall not be One half Part of an

Inch in Thickness throughout of made Work, or which shall

contain less than Thirty two Gallons English Wine Measure; and

that no Cod, Ling, Hake, Haddock, Glassen or Conger Eel, shall

be cured, pickled or put up in any Barrel which shall not be Three

fourth Parts of an Inch in Thickness throughout of made Work,

nor in any Barrel which shall not be Three Quarters bound (but

not twigged) , nor in any Barrel which shall contain less than

Thirty two Gallons English Wine Measure; and that if any White Fish packed in

Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel, Cod, Ling, Hake* Haddock, Barrels con-

Glassfen or Conger Eel respectively, shall be cured, packed or *7to Di-

put up in any Barrel contrary to the Directions of this Act, all

such Herrings, Pilchards, Mackerel, Cod, Ling, Hake, Haddock,

Glassen or Conger Eel respectively, with the Barrel containing the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fishery, Customs or Excise.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any White Herrings Herrings pro-caught and cured in the British Fishery, and for which the Bounty dneed to obtain granted for the Encouragement thereof shall have been paid or econd Bcunty allowed, shall be produced to any Officer of the Irish Fishery for

the Purpose of obtaining the Bounty granted by this Act; or if r 500t any White Herrings caught and cured in the Irish Fishery, and for which the Bounty granted by this Act shall have been paid or allowed, shall be produced to any Officer of the British Fishery for the Purpose of obtaining the Bounty granted for the Encouragement of the Herring Fishery in Great Britain, all such Herrings with the Barrels containing the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fishery, Customs or Excise; and the Person or Persons producing the same shall also forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five hundred Pounds British Currency, to be received and applied in such Manner ai any Penalty is directed to be received and applied under any Act or Acts in force for the Encouragement or the Fisheries in Great Britain or Ireland respectively.

XVII. And Whereas by the said recited Act of the Fifty ninth Annual 50001 ' Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, it is among other things bJ 59 O. a.

enacted, that a Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of Five thousand Pounds in any one Year may be paid to to IncrwMr

Towage or

Barrel Bounty.

Bounty for Cod, &c. cured on Coasts of Ireland.

Fish taken by Vessels fitted out before Act, entitled to Bounty of 59 G. 5. c. 109.

Salt to be taken Duty free under the Regulations of

46 G. 3. c. 87.

Bond to be entered into that the Salt shall not be landed in Great Britain or the Isle of Man.

C. 82. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

the Commissioners of the Irish Fisheries out of the Revenues

of the Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, to be applied by the said Commissioners in the Encouragement of such Coast ' Fisheries, under such Orders, Rules, Regulations and Directions

as the said Commissioners shall from time to time think fit to make for that Purpose Be it enacted, That the said Sum or Sums of Money shall not be applied by the said Commissioners in any Manner or Wav so as to increase the Tonnage or Barrel Bounty granted by this Act for the Encouragement of the Herring Fishery in Ireland; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That there shall and may be paid a Bounty of Two Shillings and Sixpence for every Barrel of Cod, Ling, Hake, Haddock, Glassen or Conger Eel taken on the Coasts of Ireland, and cured with Pickle, by Persons residing in Ireland, and curing such Fish according to such Rules and Regulations as the Commissioners of the Irish Fisheries shall from time to time make and appoint for that Purpose.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Vessel or Vessels shall have been fitted out or shall have sailed from any Port in Ireland for the Irish Fisheries at any time before the passing of this Act, all Fish which shall be taken or purchased by the Crew of every such Vessel, and which shall be cured according to the Directions of the said recited Act, shall be entitled to the Bounties granted by the said recited Act, and under the Rules and Regulations in the said recited Act contained; any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to take, free of Duty, any Quantity of Salt from and out of any Storehouse, Warehouse or Cellar, in which such Salt shall have been deposited, under the Regulations contained in an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act more effechudb/ to regulate the Collection of the Duties on Goods, Wares and Merchandises imported or exported into or from Ireland, and the Payment of Bounties, Allowances and Drawbacks thereon; provided that the Person or Persons so taking out such Salt sWl first enter into a Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with sufficient Sureties, in the Sum of Fifteen Shillings for every Bushel of such Salt, containing Fifty six Pounds to every Bushel, which shall bfe so taken out of Warehouse, with Condition that such Salt, or any Part thereof, shall not be landed in Great Britain or the Isle of Man, but that the same shall really and truly be used and expended in the curing of Fish under the Regulations of this Act; and it shall and may be lawful for the superior Officers of the Customs (not being under the Degree of a Coast Surveyor or Land Waiter) at* the Port or Place where such Salt shall be warehoused, to take such Bond; and the giving such Bond or Security shall vacate the Bond or Security entered into on the warehousing of such Salt, so far only as relates to the Quantity of such Salt so taken out of such Warehouse and used in the curing of such Fish, but no further; and such Bond so given under the Directions of this

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 82, 83. 379

Act shall be vacated on the Production of such Certificate for the Comrnramaers of the Irish Fisheries as shall be satisfactory to the Commissioners of Cartons and Port Duties in IrdamtL

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and Commissioners

may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Irish Fisheries from of Irish Fish-time to time to make such Regulations as to them shall seem ed«to make fit and necessary, for the regulating the Quantity of Salt to be

taken on board any Vessel employed in fishing for Cod, Ling, Salt taken, &c. Hake, Haddock, Glassen or Conger Eel; and also to make such Regulations as to the said Commissioners shall seem expedient,

for the Payment of the Bounties granted by this Act in respect of such Vessels as shall be employed in taking and curing such Cod, Ling, Hake, Haddock, Glassen or Conger Eel.

XXII. And be it declared and enacted, That the Bounties Bounties under

which after the passing of this Act shall be payable under the c-10

said recited Act of the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His late ^n British Cur* Majesty, and this present Act, shall be paid according to the rency* Amount thereof in British Currency.

XXIII. And be it farther enacted, That this Act shall be and Continuance of remain in force for Four Years from the passing thereof, and from Act. thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

XXIV. And be it farther enacted, That this Act may be Act may be amended, altered or repealed by any Act to be passed in this altered, Ae. this present Session of Parliament. Session.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act to amend Two Acts of the Fifty seventh and Fifty eighth Years of His late Majesty, for the Encouragement of Banks for Savings in England.

[24th July 1820.]

WHEREAS certain of the Provisions contained in an Act 57 q. 3. c. 130.

made in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His late 58 G.3. c. 48.

Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to encourage

the Establishment of Banks for Savings in England; and of an Act made in the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of His said

late Majesty, for amending the said recited Act of the Fifty seventh Year, have been found inconvenient and ineffectual;

and it is expedient that other Provisions should be made for

the like Purposes Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That So much of «ucl from and after the First Day£f August One thousand eight Act* m relates hundred and twenty, so much and such Parts of the said recited the

Acts, or either of them, whereby the issuing of any Debenture rcn?wilg^ or Debentures by or under the Authority of the Commissioners mrwfn future, for the Reduction of the National Debt, is authorised or required repealed, upon the Payment of any Money into the Bank of England to the Account of the said Commissioners by the Trustees of any Saving Bank; and also so much of the said recited Acts, or either of them, as relates to the Renewal of any such Debentures, or to the Payment of the Principal or Interest of any such Debentures, or any Part thereof, or to the transferring of any Bank Annuities in lieu of paying off the Principal and Interest of

C. 83.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

On Payment of Money into the Bank by Trustees of Saving Banks to Account of Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, their Officer to give a Receipt for the same, carrying Interest at 3d. per Cent, per Diem.

Interest on all such Sums to be calculated Halfyearly up to 20th November and 20th May, and carried to Account of the Saving Banks as additional Principal.

No Interest on fractional Parts of a Pound.

such Debenture or Debentures in Money, shall, as to any such Payments which shall be made into - the Bank of England by the Trustees of any Saving Bank, at any time after the said First Day' of August, cease and determine, and shall be and the same is and are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That upon the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank of England, at any time after the said First Day of August, to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, by the Trustees of any Saving Bank, under the said recited Acts, in Manner directed by the said recited Acts, and under the Provisions of the said recited Acts, or either of them, it shall be lawful for the Officer of the said Commissioners in that Behalf, and he is hereby authorised and empowered, to issue, upon every such Payment being made, a Receipt signed by One of the Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the Amount of such Payment, carrying Interest at the Hate of Three Pence per Centum per Diem from the Day of such Payment inclusive, payable with the Principal at the Bank of England, whenever the same shall be required or drawn for in Maimer directed by this Act; and such Receipt shall be dated on the Day on which the Payment of any such Sum or Sums of Money shall be madq respectively; and every such Receipt shall be in such Form as shall be from time to time directed by the said Commissioners; and the Principal and Interest of all Sums mentioned in any such Receipt shall be charged and chargeable upon, and the same are hereby charged and made payable out or the Monies or Funds standing in the Names of the said Commissioners in the Books of the Bank of England.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Interest which shall become due and payable upon any Sum of Money mentioned in any such Receipt upon the Twentieth Day of November and the Twentieth Day of May in every Year next after the Date of any such Receipt, shall be from time to time calculated and computed by the Officer of the said Commissioners, and shall in each and every Year be placed to the Credit of the Saving Bank on whose Account any such Sum of Money was paid, within Thirty Days from such Twentieth Day of November and Twentieth Day of May respectively, and shall be carried to and written on the Account of such Saving Bank, and shall become Principal, and shall from thenceforth carry Interest as Principal Money paid into the said Bank of England on the Account of such Saving Bank; and a Receipt, according to such Form as the said Commissioners shall approve, shall be signed by the Officer of the said Commissioners, and shall be issued by the said Officer Half-yearly, within Thirty Days after such Twentieth Day of November and Twentieth Day of May (and such Receipt shall bear Date the Twenty first Day of November and Twenty first Day of May respectively) for the Amount of such Interest so credited and made Principal as aforesaid, as if the Amount thereof had been a Payment made by the Trustees of such Saving Bank, to the Account of the said Commissioners. Provided always, that no Interest shall be computed or calculated on the fractional Part of a Pound, or any Sum less than a Pound of the Half-

yearly

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 8 3.

S81

yearly Balance standing in the Books of the said Commissioners, on Account of any Saving Bank, on any Twentieth Day of November or Twentieth Day of May respectively: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for the Managers and Trustees of any such Saving Bank, if they shall so think fit, to direct that all Interest which shall become due and payable to the Depositor on any Sum of Money deposited in such Saving Bank, shall twice in each and every Year be calculated and computed by the Trustees of such Saving Banks, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, and shall be carried to the Credit of the Person or Persons depositing the said Sum or Sums of Money, and shall become Principal, and shall from thenceforth carry Interest in all respects as other Principal Money deposited in the said Bank, or as if the said Sum of Interest so calculated had actually been paid to the said Depositors, and by them repaid to the said Trustee or Trustees; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

f V. And be it further enacted, That before any Trustees of any 'Saving Bank shall, at any time after the said First Day of August, make any Order or Draft for Payment by the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, of any Sum or Sums of Money, under the said recited Acts or this Act, the Trustees of such Saving Bank shall make, give, sign and execute an Appointment, under the Hands and Seals of not more than Four or such Trustees, and the Execution of which shall be attested by Two Managers of the same Saving Bank, empowering and authorising some Person or Persons named in such Appointment to be Agent or Agents for receiving all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as such Trustees shall from time to time require to be paid by such Commissioners; and every such Appointment shall be produced by or on behalf of the Person or Persons named therein, to the Officer of the said Commissioners, Fourteen Days at least before the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money on 'Account of such Saving Bank; and such Appointment shall remain deposited in the Office of such Officer; and every such Appointment shall be made in such Form and under such Regulations as shall from time to time be directed or required or approved of by the said Commissioners or their Officer.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees of any Saving Bank, by whom any such Appointment shall be made, given, signed and executed, or for the Survivors or Survivor of such Trustees, to revoke such Appointment by any Certificate or other Instrument under the Hands and Seals or Hand and Seal of such Trustees or Trustee, attested by Two Managers of such Saving Bank, and in such Form and under such Regulations as shall be directed or required or approved of by the said Commissioners or their Officer; and in case of the Decease of every such Trustee except one, it shall and may be lawful for the surviving Trustee, together with any other Trustee or Trustees, not exceeding Four in the whole, of the said Saving Bank; and in case of the Decease of all such Trustees, it shall and may be lawful for any other Trustees of the said Saving Bank, not exceeding Four in the whole, from time to time to make, give and execute an Appointment in manner

Interest arising to Depositors to be calculated twice a Year, and carried to their Credit as Principal.

Before drawing for Money, Trustees of Saving Banks to sign an Appointment of an Agent to receive the same, which shall be deposited with Officer of Commissioners for Reduction of National Debt.

Appointments may be revoked or others granted from time to time.

C. 85.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Trustees of String Banks may 'draw at any time for the Whole or any Part of any Sum placed to their Account, by Drafts on Commissioners for Reduction of National Debt, which shall be indorsed by their Officer, with the Interest added thereto, and paid by the Cashiers of the Bank.

Trustees appearing in Person may receive Payments of

ner aforesaid, reappointing the Person or Persons named in such Appointment, or any other Person or Persons in his or their Room or Stead, to be the Agent or Agents of such Trustees; and every such Certificate or Instrument of Revocation, and every such new Appointment, shall be produced to the Officer of the said Commissioners, by the Person or Persons named in such new Appointment, Fourteen Days at the least before the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money to the Person or Persons named in such new Appointment, and shall remain deposited in the Office of such Officer.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees of any such Saving Bank, from time to time (by any Draft or Order in Writing under the Hands of any Two Trustees of such Saving Bank, attested by Two other Trustees or Managers, or by any Two credible Witnesses, according to such Form as the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt shall from time to-time direct) to require that the Whole or any Part of the principal Sum or Sums of Money, standing in the Books of the said Commissioners, to the Credit of the Trustees of such Saving Bank respectively, shall be paid to such Person or Persons as such Trustees shall from time to time require, being the Agent or Agents named in some Appointment executed under this Act, and lodged with the Officer of the said Commissioners as hereinbefore mentioned and then remaining in force, and every such Draft, or Order shall be addressed to the said Commissioners; and upon the same being produced to the Officer of the said Commissioners, the said Officer shall, within Five Days after the Production thereof, upon the Back of such Draft or Order indorse and sign an Order in such Form as shall or may from time to time be directed and required by the said Commissioners, for the Payment of the Sum mentioned in the Draft or Order of such Trustees, together with the Amount of all Interest due on such Sum up to the Day immediately preceding the Day of the Date of the Order of such Officer, and which Order of such Officer, previous to the issuing thereof, shall be entered and countersigned by the Clerk making such Entry, and shall be addressed to the Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the said Bank of England; and such Cashiers, or one of them, shall, upon the Production of such Order, pay the Sum mentioned therein to the Person or Persons mentioned in the Draft or Order of the said Trustees, and the Signature of such Person or Persons jointly or severally, shall be a sufficient Discharge to the said Governor and Company; and all Payments made in pursuance of such Drafts or Orders respectively, shall be deemed and taken to be Payments made by the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, to the Trustees of such Saving Bank respectively, according to the numerical Order and Priority of Date in which the original Receipts for Money deposited on account of such Saving Banks respectively shall have been issued to the Trustees thereof respectively, in manner hereinbefore mentioned.

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in case any one or more of the said Trustees who shall have made, given, signed and executed any such Appointment, shall at any time appear in

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 83.

Person at the Office of the said Commissioners, and-require Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money which might be required by the Person or Persons authorised to receive the same by such Appointment, and if he or they produce a Draft or Order signed by any Two or more Trustees of the said Saving Bank, and if the Identity of the Person of the said Trustee or Trustees so appearing shall be ascertained to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners or their Officer, it shall be lawful for the said Officer to direct Payment to be made to such Trustee or Trustees so appearing, of any Sum or Sums required to be paid by the Order or Draft of any Two or more Trustees of the said Saving Bank, in like Manner as if the Person or Persons authorised by such Appointment to receive the same had required such Payment; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall be due on the Twentieth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty, or on the Twentieth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, or on the Twentieth Day of November or Twentieth Day of May in any subsequent Year after the passing of this Act, for Interest upon or in respect of any Debenture or Debentures which shall have been or shall be issued under the said before recited Acts, at any time before the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and which may be outstanding on any such Twentieth Day of November or Twentieth Day of May respectively, shall, within Thirty Days after such twentieth Day of November and Twentieth Day of May respectively, be placed to the Credit of the respective Saving Banks on whose Account respectively such Debentures were originally issued; and the said Interest so due shall be consolidated with the Interest which shall accrue from time to time on every such Twentieth Day of November and Twentieth Day of May respectively, upon all or any other Sums then standing on the Account of such respective Saving Banks under and by virtue of this Act.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees of any Saving Bank, on whose Account any such outstanding Debentures may have been issued, (by an Order made under the Hands of any Two of such Trustees, in such Form as the said Commissioners shall direct, and upon the Production of the Debentures to which such Order shall refer, severally indorsed with the Names and under the Hands of the same Two Trustees who shall sign the said Order,) to draw upon the said Commissioners for Payment in Money of the whole or of any Part of the Principal Sum contained in any such outstanding Debenture or Debentures (together with the Interest due thereon); and that at any time on or after the Twenty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twenty, it shall and may be lawful for such Trustees, in lieu of receiving the whole Amount of such Principal and Interest, or any Part thereof, in Money, to accept from the Officer of the said Commissioners a Receipt for the whole, or for any Part of such Principal and Interest, according to the Provisions of this Act, dated either before or on or after the said Twenty first Day of December;

383

Drafts of Trustees instead of their A gent.

Sums due ou existing Debentures outstand' ing on any 20th November or 20th May, to be placed to Account of the several Saving Banks, and the Interest to be consolidated with the Interest accruing.

Trustees may receive the Whole or Part of Debentures in Money, or take a Receipt for the same, according to the Provisions of this Act.

C. 83.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Receipts may be given for Money remaining due on renewed Debentures.

Debentures may be paid in Stock under recited Acts.

Charitable Societies may subscribe any Portions of their Funds into the Funds of Saving Banks.

and it -shall be lawful for the said Officer to indorse such Order of the said Trustees for Payment of the whole Principal and Interest of such Debenture or Debentures, or any Part thereof, in Money, in the Manner hereinbefore directed, or to issue and deliver to the Person or Persons applying for the same, a Receipt carrying Interest at the Rate of Three Pence per Centum per Diem (according to the Directions contained in this Act) for such Sum of Money as shall be required by such Order of such Trustees, and such Sum of Money contained in such Receipt shall thereupon be carried to the Account of the Trustees of such Saving Bank, as if the same had been an original Depodt under the Directions of this Act, and shall be subject to all the Regulations contained in this Act and in the said recited Acts, as the same are altered or amended by this Act; and all Debentures which shall be so paid or exchanged shall be thereupon cancelled, and shall cease, determine, and become utterly void.

X. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if at any time between the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and the Twenty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twenty, the Trustees of any Saving Bank shall require any Payment to be made in Part or on Account of any renewed Debenture, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees to require, and for the Officer of the said Commissioners to issue a Receipt for the Whole of the Principal and Interest which shall remain due on such Debenture, after deducting the Payment required to be made thereon; and the Sum of Money specified in such Receipt shall be carried to the Account of the Trustees of such Saving Bank, in like Manner as is hereinbefore provided and directed with respect to Receipts to be issued at any time after the said Twenty first Day of December.

XI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to prevent the Trustees of any Saving Bank from demanding and receiving Payment in Stock of any one or more Debenture or Debentures which may be outstanding at the Time of the passing of this Act, according to the Provisions and Regulations prescribed by the said recited Acts, or either of them, in case such Trustees shall think fit to demand and require the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees of any Charitable Institution or Society in England, from time to time to subscribe the Whole or any nut of the Funds of such Institution or Society, as they shall from time to time direct, through their Treasurer, Steward, or other Officer or Officers, into the Funds of any Saving Bank, provided that the Majority of the Trustees of such Saving Bank shall signify their Consent to receiving the same, and under such Terms and Conditions as shall be specially provided for that Purpose by such Trustees or the Majority of them: Provided also, that the Receipt or Discharge of the Treasurer, or other Officer of such Charitable Institution or Society for the time being, for any Money, Stock in the Public Funds, or other Security, paid, transferred or delivered according to the Requisition of such Treasurer or other Officer apparently authorised to require such Payment, Transfer or Delivery, shall be a sufficient Discharge for

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 83. 385

the same; and the Saving Bank in which such Deposit shall be Saving Bank

made shall not be responsible for any Misapplication of any such "ot sponsible

Money, Stock or Security, by the Person or Persons to .whom

the same shall be so paid, transferred or delivered, or for any guch Money.

want of Authority of the Person or Persons requiring or receiving such Payment, Transfer or Delivery.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Coses where the Trustees may Joint Stock or Property of the Depositors in any Saving Bank in wake Rules for England may have been or may be increased by any Change of Appliauion Stock, or by any increased Rate of Interest paid or to be paid gt0JJ m p^ on any Debentures os Receipts, beyond the Rate of Interest petty, payable to the Depositors by the original Rules and Regulations of such Saving Bank, or by any other Means, it shall and

may be lawful to and for the Trustees for the time being of any such Saving Bank, to make such Rules, Orders and Regulations for the Application and Disposal of any increased Stock or Property belonging to any such Saving Bank, to and amongst the Depositors therein, either by way of an Increase of Interest beyond the Rate of Interest originally stipulated to be paid to such Depositors, or by way of Bonus or Increase of Capital to the Sums deposited by them respectively, or by both such Means, as the Trustees and Managers of such Saving Bank, or the major Part of them, at any General Meeting to be duly convened according to the Rules, Orders and Regulations of such Saving Bank, shall from time to time think fit and proper; send that it shall and may be lawful to and for such Trustees and Managers, or the major Part of them, from time to time, at any other General Meeting so duly convened, to revoke, annul, alter or make void any such Rules, Orders and Regulations, and to make any other Rules, Orders, or Regulations relating thereto, as such Trustees and Managers for the time being, or the major Part of them, shall think fit and proper.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever the Drafts of 2000I. Sura to be drawn for by the Trustees of any Saving Bank shall and upwards, amount to Two thousand Pounds or upwards, the Draft or Order to signed for that Purpose shall be signed by not less than Four such Trus- ^nd attest-tees; and that the Signature of each and every of the said Four et] separate Trustees shall be separately attested by at least one Manager of Witnesses, such Saving Bank, or by some one other credible Person; and

that any Manager or other Person attesting the Signature of any one of the said Four Trustees, shall not be an attesting Witness to the Signature of any other of such Four Trustees.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Debenture Receipts may

which shall have been issued under the Authority of the said be given under recited Acts, or either of them, at any time before the passing in lleu

of this Act, shall have been or shall be lost, destroyed or defaced, 0^Ap-it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners for the plication of Reduction of the National Debt, on Application by any Two Two Trustees* Trustees on behalf of the Saving Bank on whose Account such Debenture was originally issued, and upon proving on Oath or otherwise, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, of the

Date, Contents and Value of such Debenture, and of the Circumstances of the Loss, Destruction or defacing thereof, to direct and order the Officer of the said Commissioners to issue to

IGko. IV.

C c

the

386

C. 8S.

1° Geo. iv.

A.D. 1820.

Interest on such Debentures.

Administration Bonds, &c. for

Ac. under this Act, exempted from Stamp Duty.

the Person or Persons making such Application, upon their giving and entering into such Security as shall be required and directed by the said Commissioners, (in case the said Commissioners shall think any such Security to be requisite,) a Receipt carrying Interest as aforesaid, according to the Directions contained in this Act, for a Sum of Money equal in Amount to the Principal and Interest due on such Debenture so lost, destroyed or defaced; and such Sum of Money shall thereupon be carried to the Account of the Trustees of such Saving Bank, as if the same had been an original Deposit under the Directions of this Act, and' shall be subject to all the Regulations contained in this Act and the said recited Acts, as the same are altered or amended by this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the pass-rrwmn- *n8 ^ct> *n ca8es where the whole Estate and Effects

sitorx*under5oT any deceased Depositor, for or in respect of which any Letters

and Receipts, of Administration shall be granted pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Act of the Fifty seventh Year of His late Majesty's Reign, shall be under the Value of Fifty Pounds Sterling, no Stamp Duty shall be chargeable upon the Bond required to be given by the Administrator for the due Administration of the Effects of such deceased Depositor, nor upon any Affidavit or Document leading to or connected with such Administration; but that every such Bond and Affidavit shall be exempted from Stamp Duty in like manner and under the like Regulations as are provided in and by the said recited Act with respect to such Letters of Administration; and that no Receipt, nor any Draft or Order, nor any Appointment of any Agent or Agents, nor any Certificate or other Instrument for the Revocation of any such Appointment, nor any other Instrument or Document whatever, required or authorised to be given, issued, signed, made or produced in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, shall be subject or liable to any Stamp Duty whatever; any thing in any Act for imposing any Duty of Stamps to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Trustees or Managers of any Saving Bank shall, at any time after the Expiration of Six Months after the Decease of any Depositor, have paid and divided any Sum of Money, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to or amongst any Person or Persons who shall, at the Time of such Payment, appear to such Trustees or Managers to be entitled to the Effects of any deceased intestate Depositor, according to the Statute of Distributions, the Payment of any such Sum or Sums of Money shall be valid and effectual with respect to any Demand of any other Person or Persons as next of Kin to such deceased intestate Depositor, or as the lawful Representative or Representatives of such Depositor, against the Funds of such Saving Bank, or against the Treasurer or Trustees or Remedy against Managers thereof; but nevertheless, such next of Kin or Repre-Persons receiv- sentatives shall have Remedy for such Money so paid as aforesaid, ing the Money, ag^ngt the Person or Persons who shall have received the same.

Money paid into

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Regulations the Bank subject and Provisions in this Act contained, relative to Money paid into to the Rules pre- the Bank of England, and Debentures issued on account thereof,

Payment to Persons appearing to he next of Kin declared valid.

1° GEO. IV. C. 8S, 84. 387

shall be applicable to Payments so made, and Debentures issued scribed in the under the Authority of an Act passed in the Fifty ninth Year of 59 c*128* the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the further Protection and Encouragement of Friendly Societies y and for preventing Frauds and Abuses therein.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Commissioners lawful for the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the Na- jnay employ tional Debt, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to Clerk#* appoint and employ such and so many Clerks and other Officers

as shall be necessary for carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act; and that it shall and maybe Treasury may lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His P?y them, and Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and ^entafEx* Ireland for the time being, and they are hereby authorised and penses, empowered, to settle and appoint such Allowances as shall be proper for the Service, Pains, and Labour of any Clerks or other Person or Persons to be appointed and employed by the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in manner and for the purposes aforesaid, and out of any Aids or Supplies which shall be granted for the Service of any Year, to discharge and pay all such Allowances and all other incidental Charges which shall necessarily attend the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act, in such Manner as to them shall seem just and reasonable.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts of Recited Acts the Fifty seventh and Fifty eighth Years of His said late Majesty's and this Act to Reign, and this Act, shall be construed together as One Act, so construed far as the same are compatible and consistent with each other, and , er as De so far as the said Acts are not expressly repealed or altered by

this Act.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act to regulate the Payment of Army Prize Money.

[24th Jidy 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Fifty eighth Year of the 53 G. 3. c. 73. Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for regulating the Payment of Regimental Debts,

and the Distribution of the Effects of Officers and Soldiers dying in Service, and the Receipt of Sums due to Soldiers: And Whereas it is expedient to allow of Payment to Agents, in certain cases, of Sums actually advanced by them to Officers or Soldiers, or their Representatives, before the passing of the said recited Act Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from Agents, &c. and after the Twenty fourth Day of July One thousand eight hun- may P*y Sluuys dred and twenty, it shall be lawful for any Agent or Agents, ap- 1

pointed for the Distribution of Army Prize or Bounty Money, 0° Soldiers^ Grant or other Allowances of Money in the Nature thereof, or Persons duly for the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, to pay the Share, or any authorised,

Part of the Share, of any Noncommissioned Officer or Soldier to provided it be any Person or Persons duly authorised by the Party entitled ^|^.batthe

C c 2 thereto y at

388

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

C. 84*85.

War that Proof thereto to receive the same; provided it shall be certified by the has been given Secretary at War to such Distributing Agent aforesaid, or to the thmt 5*treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, that such Person has given satis-before the put- factory Proof that he did actually advance the Sum demanded, tag of the re- and that such Advance was made before the passing of the said cited Act. recited Act, if in any Part of the United Kingdom, or in Guernsey, Jersey or Isle of 'Man, or within Six Months after the passing of the said Act if in any other Country or Place; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Payments may

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the bemadetoneit Commissioners of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea to authorise their e*wdi, n&C20, |Ot Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer to pay to any Person or Persons though Pro- ' wh° shall prove him, her or themselves, to the Satisfaction of such baief &c. not Commissioners, or of the said Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer, taken out. to be the next of Kin, or legal Representative, or otherwise legally entitled to any Share of Prize Money due to any deceased Commissioned or Warrant Officer of His Majesty's Land Forces, any such Share not exceeding Twenty Pounds, although such Person shall not have regularly taken out Letters of Administration, or have procured the Probate of any Will of such deceased Officer.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act to make further Provisions respecting Naval Prize Money.

[24th July 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to make further Regulations as to the Payment of Navy Prize Orders; and it was in the said Act, amongst other things, enacted, that certain Persons therein mentioned should take out a Licence from the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy before they should act as Agents for receiving the Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, or other Allowances of Money, of Petty Officers, Noncommissioned Officers, Seamen or Marines, and should enter into a Bond, in the Form set out in the Schedule to the said Act annexed, for the Purposes therein mentioned: And Whereas it is expedient to repeal so much of the said Act as relates to the Bonds so to be entered into, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act as relates to the Bonds directed to be entered into by licensed Agents, and also so much and such Parts of the said Act of the Fifty ninth Year of His late Majesty as are by this Act altered, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all and every Person and Peipons approved by the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy to be licensed for receiving the Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, or other Allowances of Money, of any Petty Officers, Noncommissioned Officers, Seamen or Marines, shall, previously to receiving his Licence to act as ffuch Agent, enter into a Bond with Two sufficient Sureties, to

be

39 G. 3. c. 56.

4.

Sched. (A).

So much of recited Act as relates to Bonds entered into by licensed Agents repealed. Persons approved by Treasurer of the Navy to be licensed shall enter into Bord with Two sufficient Sureties

1° GEO. IV. C. 85. 389

be jointly and severally bound to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds, that such Person so taking out such Licence shall demean himself properly, and duly account to all Persons for whom or for whose Use any such Wages, Pay, Prize Money or Bounty Money, or other Allowances of Money, shall have come to his Hands; which said Bond shall be in such Form as the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy for the time being shall approve and direct: Provided nevertheless, that this Act shall not extend or be construed to extend to prevent such Agents as have already taken out Licences from the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, in conformity to the said Act of the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, or who have entered into any other Bond of a different Nature from that set forth in the said Act, from acting as such licensed Agents during their respective existing Licences.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Treasurer of the Navy for the time being to revoke the Licence granted to or taken out by any Person to enable him to act as an Agent for receiving the Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money, of any Petty Officers, Noncommissioned Officers, Seamen or Marines, in case it shall appear to the said Treasurer that such Agent has been guilty of any Misconduct, or shall remove or change his Office or Place of Abode without giving Notice thereof in Writing to the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, and to the Clerk of the Check of Greenwich Hospital for the time being, in addition to the Penalty imposed by Law for Neglect in giving such Notice.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Registrar or proper Officer of the High Court of Admiralty shall and he is hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, and every succeeding Three Months, to send to the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, and to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, the Name and Description of every Person or Persons who shall have entered into a Bond or Bonds to the said Court of Admiralty, on registering any Letter of Attorney appointing him or them as the Agent or Agents for any Prize or Bounty Money, Grant or other Allowances of Money distributable amongst any Persons entitled thereto.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Names and Places of Abode and of transacting Agency Business of every such licensed Agent, shall be inserted m a List, and which List shall be kept by the Officer for Prizes of the Navy Pay Office in Somerset Place, for the Inspection of such Persons as shall resort thither on Business; and such Lists shall be renewed from time to time, as Occasion may require; and the said Officer shall from time to time transmit Copies of such Lists to the Navy Pay Offices at the several Outports of the United Kingdom, and to the Clerk of the Cheque of Greenwich Hospital, and to the Secretary of the Admiralty.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Agent or other Person authorised and empowered to receive or distribute any Prize or Bounty Money, or other Monies as aforesaid, shall, within Ten Days after he shall have rendered or ought by Law to have rendered to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or his Deputy, and

C c 3 verified

as herein mentioned.

Proviso for A genu now acting under Licences.

Treasurer may revoke Licences in case of Misconduct or removing without giving Notice.

Names, &c. of Persons entering into Bonds, &c. to be sent to the Treasurer of Navy, Ac.

List of Agents shall be kept at the Navy Pay Office for Inspection, and sent to Outports.

Account of Prise Money, &c. sent to Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, and

390

C. 85.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Treasurer of Navy, &c. Penalty.

Orders made in Ireland, &c. to receive Wages, &c. to be signed by the Minister, &c.

Orders made in favour of Parents, &c. to be in the Form of Sched. (A).

Orders in Possession of Insolvent Agents available only for Money advanced.

verified his Statement and Account of the Proceeds and Distribution of any such Prize or other Monies, deliver or transmit to the Treasurer or Paymaster of His Majesty's Navy, a Copy of such Statement and Account (the Charge for copying the same being allowed to the said Agent) , under the like Penalty for Neglect as is by the said Act of the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty imposed, for neglecting to render such Statement and Account to the Treasurer of the said Hospital or his Deputy.

VII. And be it further enacted, That upon all Orders made by Noncommissioned Officers, Petty Officers, Seamen and Marines, at any Place in Ireland, or in Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney or Sark, where there is no Deputy or Agent of Greenwich Hospital residing, to enable an Agent to receive Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowance of Money, the Certificate required by Law to be printed upon the said Order shall be signed by the Minister and One of the Churchwardens of the Parish in which the said Order is made.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Orders authorised by the said Act of the Fifty ninth Year of His late Majesty, to be made by Petty Officers, NonAmmissioned Officers, Seamen and Marines, Supernumeraries or Boys, in favour of their Parents, Children, Brothers or Sisters, fchall, if made after the passing of this Act, be in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (A) , and that all such Orders as are made in any other Form shall be void to all Intents and Purposes.

IX. And be it enacted, That in case any licensed Agent shall take the Benefit of any Act passed for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, all Orders made in favour of such Agents, under or by virtue of any former Acts, or under this present Act, which shall be in his Possession, or to which he may be entitled at the Time of his Insolvency, shall be available against the said Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, for so much Money only as shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Treasurer and Clerk of the Cheque of the said Hospital to have been advanced upon such Orders by the Agent in whose favour the said Orders are made.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers. SCHEDULE (A).

TAKE Notice, that no Prize Money can be received under this Order, except by the Wife, One of the Parents or Children of the Grantor [here insert the Place where and Time when the Order it made] Day of One thousand eight hundred

and

T Seven Days* Sight pay to or his Order,

the Amount of my Share of Prize or Bounty Money, for the Capture of [here insert the Names of the Prizes and

Time of Capture, or give such other Description ojf them as shall be satisfactory to the Officers of Greenwich Hospital] when serving on board His Majesty's Ship or Vessel the in Quality of

To the proper Officers of}

Greenwich Hospital, j

THESE

1° GEO. IV. C. 83, 86.

301

THESE are to certify, that we have examined the said

who signed the above Order in our Presence, and from the Documents he has shewn us, videlicet [here insert the Nature of the Documents, whether they are Invalid Tickets, Certificates or otherwise, and by what Officer they are signed, -] and his Answers to our Questions, we have reason to believe that he was serving on board the said Ship at the Time of making the Captures above specified: He says lie was born at in the County of

that he is Years of Age, of a

Complexion, Eyes, and Hair [if the Party is

discharged from the Service, state the Time and Cause of Discharge] and was discharged from by reason of

Given under our Hands

Note. — This Certificate to be signed by the Captain or Commanding Officer, and one other signing Officer of the Ship to which the Party belongs. If discharged from the Service, and resident at any Place where there is a Deputy or Agent of the Hospital, to be signed by that Deputy. If within Four Miles of the Hospital, by the Clerk of the Check, or his First Clerk. If any other Place within the Bills of Mortality, by the Officer for Prizes in the Navy Pay Office, or his Assistant. If by Marines at Head Quarters, where there is no Deputy to the Hospital, to be signed by the Colonel or Commanding Officer and the Adjutant. If by any Person at Sick Quarters, to be signed by the Surgeon and One of his Assistants: but where there is a Deputy, to be signed by such Deputy. If at any other Place in England or Ireland, or in Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney and Sark, to be signed by the Surgeon and One of the Churchwardens; and if in Scotland, by the Minister and One of the Elders.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and contingent Expenses of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain; and to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Surgeons1 Mates and Serjeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

[24>th July 1820.]

[This Act is the same as 59 G. 3. c. 116. except as to Dates and as to the Sections that are here inserted.]

III. And be it further enacted, That every Adjutant, Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, and every Noncommissioned Officer and Drummer on permanent Pay, of Regular Militia, when disembodied, shall be constantly resident within the City, Town or Place where the Arms of the Corps to which such Officers belong are kept, or within such reasonable Distance of the Depdt as shall be sanctioned by the Secretary at War: Provided always, that every such Adjutant, Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Noncommissioned Officer or Drummer, shall forfeit his Pay for

C c 4 any

Residence of certain Officer, to be where Arms of the Corps are kept.

392

C. 86.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Adjutants, &c. Noncommissioned Officers or Privates, not to lose their Right to Chelsea Pensions, &c.

Adjutants, after a Service of 20 Years, and unfit for further Service, to receive an Allowance of 8s. per Day, provided they do not hold an Appointment under His Majesty of Three Times the Value.

Adjutants also entitled to Half P.y.

Quartermasters, after a Service of SO Years, entitled to an Allowance, and also to Half Pay or Out Pension.

any Period during which he shall be absent, except when absent by Leave from the Colonel or Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, which Leave shall not extend beyond Three Calendar Months in One Year, nor to a greater Proportion than One third of the Noncommissioned Officers and Drummers at the same Time, except in case of certified Sickness.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Adjutant, Quartermaster, Noncommissioned Officer, Drummer or Private Man in the Regular Militia, entitled to receive any CAe/-sea Pensions or Allowance on account of Service in the Regular Army, shall forfeit or lose his Right to the same by reason of his serving and receiving Pay in the Regular Militia; nor shhll any Subaltern or Surgeon's Mate forfeit or lose his Right to receive any such Chelsea Pension or Allowance by reason of his receiving the Allowance of Two Shillings and Sixpence or Two Shillings a Day granted by this Act to Subalterns or Surgeons' Mates when disembodied.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, every Adjutant of Regular Militia who shall have served faithfully, either in His Majesty's Regular Forces or in the Regular or Local Militia, for the full Term of Twenty Years in the whole, whereof Ten shall have been in Service as an Adjutant of Regular Militia, who shall have been or shall be by Age or Infirmity rendered unfit for further Service, shall, on producing to the Secretary at War a Certificate of such Service of Twenty Years as aforesaid from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, and upon obtaining an Order from the Secretary at War founded upon such Certificate, be entitled to receive, and the Paymaster aforesaid shall be and is hereby authorised to pay to such Person, an Allowance at the Rate of Eight Shillings per Diem; provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid, who shall hold any Military Office or Employment of Profit under His Majesty, or any Civil Office or Employment under His Majesty, the annual Profits or Emoluments of which shall exceed Three Times the Amount of the said Allowance of Eight Shillings a Day s Provided also, that no such Adjutant shall lose any Right he may have to Half Pay or Out Pension by reason of receiving such Allowance as aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, any Quartermaster of Regular Militia who shall have served faithfully, either in His Majesty's Regular Forces or in the Regular or Local Militia, for the mil Term of Thirty Years in the whole, whereof Fifteen shall have been as a Quartermaster of Regular Militia, and who shall have been or shall be by Age 'or Infirmity rendered unfit for further Service, shall, on producing to the Secretary at War a Certificate of such Service of Thirty Years as aforesaid from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, and obtaining from the Secretary at War an Order founded upon such Certificate, be entitled to receive, and the Paymaster of the Regiment shall be and

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 86, 87.

393

is hereby authorised to pay to such Person, an Allowance at the Rate of his Pay when serving in the disembodied Regular Militia: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid who shall hold any Military Office or Employment of Profit under His Majesty, or any Civil Office or Employment under His Majesty, the annual Profits or Emoluments of which shall exceed Three Times the Amount of the said Allowance: Provided also, that no such Quartermaster shall, by reason of receiving such Allowance as aforesaid, forfeit any Right which he may have to Half Pay or Out Pension, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Surgeon of Regular Militia, having faithfully served in His Majesty's Regular Forces or in the Militia for the full Term of Twenty Years, shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service, he shall, on producing to the Secretanr at War a Certificate of such Service of Twenty Years in the whole (Ten of which he shall have served as a Surgeon of Militia) , from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, and obtaining an Order from the Secretary at War founded upon such Certificate, be entitled to receive, and the Paymaster of the Regiment shall be and he is hereby authorised and required to pay to such Person, an Allowance at the Rate of Six Shillings per Diem, commencing the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty; provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid, who shall hold any Military Office or Employment of Profit under His Majesty, or any Civil Office or Employment under His Majesty, the annual Profits or Emoluments of which shall exceed Three Times the Amount of the said Allowance of Six Shillings a Day; but no Person receiving such Allowance shall by reason thereof forfeit his Right to any Half Pay to which he may be entitled.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act for enabling Landlords more speedily to recover Possession of Lands and Tenements unlawfully held over by Tenants.

[24th July 1820.]

WHEREAS the Laws heretofore made for preventing the Losses to which Landlords are exposed by the unlawful holding over of Lands and Tenements by Tenants, or Persons claiming under them, after the Expiration or legal Determination of their Terms or Interests, have been found by Experience insufficient, and it is therefore expedient to provide in certain Cases a more expeditious Mode for recovering the Possession of Lands and Tenements so held over :v Be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That where the Term or Interest of any Tenant now or hereafter holding under a Lease or Agreement in Writing any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, for any Term or Number of Years certain, or from Year to Year, shall have expired or been determined either by the Landlord or Tenant by regular Notice to quit, and

[Proviso.]

Surgeons, after a Service of 20 Years, and unfit for further Service, to receive Gs. per Day, provided they do not hold an Appointment under His Majesty of Three Times the Value.

Right to Half Pay preserved.

Landlord* bringing Ejectments may give Notice to Tenants to appear in Term, and then on

S9 *

C. 87.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

such Tenant, or any one holding or claiming by or under him, shall refuse to deliver up Possession accordingly, after lawful Demand in Writing made and signed by the Landlord or his Agent, and served personally upon, or left at the Dwelling House or usual Place of Abode of such Tenant or Person, and the Land* lord shall thereupon proceed by Action of Ejectment for the Recovery of Possession, it shall be lawful for him, at the Foot of the Declaration, to address a Notice to such Tenant or Person, requiring him to appear in the Court in which the Action shall have been commenced, on the First Day of the Term then next following, or if the Action shall be brought in Wales, or in the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster or Durham respectively, then on the First Day of the next Session or Assizes, or at the Court Day or other usual Period for Appearance to Process then next following, (as the Case may be,) there to be made Defendant, and to find such Bail, if ordered by the Court, and for such Purposes, as are hereinafter next specified; and upon the Appearance of the Party at the Day prescribed, or in case of Nonappearance on making the usual Affidavit of Service of the Declaration and Notice, it shall be lawful for the Landlord, producing the Lease or Agreement, or some Counterpart or Duplicate thereof, and proving the Execution of the same by Affidavit, and upon Affidavit that the Premises have been actually enjoyed under such Lease or Agreement, and that the Interest of the Tenant has expired, or been determined by regular Notice to quit, as the Case may be, and that Possession has been lawfully demanded in manner aforesaid, to move the Court for a Rule for such Tenant or Person to show Cause, within a Time to be fixed by the Court on a Consideration t)f the Situation of the Premises, why such Tenant or Person, upon being admitted Defendant, beside entering into the common Rule, and giving the common Undertaking, should not undertake, in case a Verdict shall pass for the Plaintiff, to give the Plaintiff a Judgment, to be entered up against the real Defendant, of the Term next preceding the Time of Trial, or if the Action shall be brought in Wales, or in the Counties Palatine respectively, then of the Session, Assizes or Court Day (as the Case may be)

at which the Trial shall be had, and also why he should not enter into a Recognizance, by himself and Two sufficient Sureties, in a reasonable Sum, conditioned to pay the Costs and Damages which On Rule made shall be recovered by the Plaintiff in the Action; and it shall be absolute, if lawful for the Court upon Cause shown, or upon Affidavit of the

-X?nant sh*! Service of the Rule in case no Cause shall be shown, to make the

4uL> Judcmenrio 8 6 absolute in the whole or in part, and to order such Tenant or

Mfafbc for the Person, within a Time to be fixed, upon a Consideration of all the

Plaintiff. ^Circumstances, to glve such Undertakings, and find such Bail, *^5With such Conditions and in such Manner as shall be specified in 6 v^'the said Rule, or such Part of the same so made absolute; and in

case the Party shall neglect or refuse so to do, and shall lay no

Ground to induce the Court to enlarge the Time for obeying the same, then upon Affidavit of the Service of such Order an absolute Rule shall be made for entering up Judgment for the Plaintiff.

On Trial of

II. And be it further enacted, That wherever hereafter it shall nny Ejectment appear on the Trial of any Ejectment, at the Suit of a Landlord lordand Terf a8a*n8t a Tenant, that such Tenant or his Attorney hath been

served

Production of the Lease or Agreement, to move on Affidavit for a Rule Nisi on the Tenant to enter into certain Undertakings and give certain Bail.

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 87. 395

served with due Notice of Trial, the Plaintiff shall not be nonsuited for Default of the Defendant's Appearance, or of Confession of Lease, Entry and Ouster, but the Production of the Consent Rule and Undertaking of the Defendant shall in all such Cases be sufficient Evidence of Lease, Entry and Ouster; and the Judge before whom such Cause shall come on to be tried shall, whether the Defendant shall appear upon such Trial or not, permit the Plaintiff on the Trial, after Proof of his Right to recover Possession of the Whole or of any Part of the Premises mentioned in the Declaration, to go into Evidence of the Mesne Profits thereof, which shall or might have accrued from the Day of the Expiration or Determination of the Tenant's Interest in the same, down to the time of the Verdict given in the Cause, or to some preceding Day to be specially mentioned therein; and the Jury on the Trial, finding for the Plaintiff, shall, in such Case, give their Verdict upon the whole Matter, both as to the Recovery of the Whole or any Part of the Premises, and also as to the Amount of the Damages to be paid for such Mesne Profits: Provided always, that nothing hereinbefore contained shall be construed to bar any such Landlord from bringing an Action of Trespass for the Mesne Profits which shall accrue from the Verdict, or the Day so specified therein, down to the Day of the Delivery of Possession of the Premises recovered in the Ejectment.

III. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which such Undertaking shall have been given, and Security found as aforesaid, if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Plaintiff, but it shall appear to the Judge before whom the same shall have been had, that the finding of the Jury was contrary to the Evidence, or that the Damages given were excessive, it shall be lawful for the Judge to order the Execution of the Judgment to be stayed absolutely till the Fifth Day of the Term then next following, or till the next Session, Assizes or Court Day (as the Case may be); which Order the Judge shall in all other Cases make upon the Requisition of the Defendant, in case he shall forthwith undertake to find, and on Condition that within Four Days from the Day of the Trial he shall actually find, Security by the Recognizance of himself and Two sufficient Sureties, in such reasonable Sum as the Judge shall direct, conditioned not to commit any Waste, or Act in the Nature of Waste, or other wilful Damage, and not to sell or carry off any standing Crops, Hay, Straw or Manure produced or made (if any) upon the Premises, and which may happen to be thereupon, from the Day on which the Verdict snail have been given to the Day on which Execution shall finally be made upon the Judgment, or the same be set aside, as the Case may be: Provided always, that the Recognizance last above mentioned shall immediately stand discharged and be of no effect, in case a Writ of Error shall be brought upon such Judgment, and the Plaintiff in such Writ shall become bound with Two sufficient Sureties unto the Defendant in the same, in such Sum ani with such Condition as may be conformable to the Provisions respectively made for staying Execution on bringing Writs of Error upon Judgments in Actions of Ejectment, by an Act passed in England in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and by an Act passed in Ireland in the Seventeenth and

Eighteenth

ant, Consent Rule to be Evidence of Lease, Entry and Ouster, if Defendant make Default, and Jury to give Damages for Mesne Profits down to the Verdict, or to a Day specified therein.

On Trials after Undertakings given and Bail found, Judge may stay the Execution till Fifth Day of next Term absolutely, &c. or on Tenant's finding Security.

Bail in Error to discharge such Security.

/u< >y n !* -ffbi-n

M-

16 & 17C. 2. c. 8.

17 & 18C. 2. c. 12. (I.)

L

C. 87, 88.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Recognizances to be taken as other Recognizances of Bail; Limitation of Actions thereon.

Removal of Actions of Ejectment from Great Sessions in Wales.

In what Cases Double Costs.

Proviso for former Remedies.

Act not to extend to Scotland.

57 G. c. 59.

44 G. Z. c. 98.

Eighteenth Years of the Reign of the same King, which Acta are respectively intituled An Act to prevent Arrests of Judgment and superseding Executions.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Recognizances and Securities entered into pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, may and shall be taken respectively in such manner and by and before such Persons as are provided and authorised in respect of RecognizancetPof Bail, upon Actions and Suits depending in the Court in which any such. Action of Ejectment shall have been commenced; and that the Officer of the same Court with whom Recognizances of Bail are filed, shall file such Recognizances and Securities, for which respectively the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, shall be paid; but no Action or other Proceeding shall be commenced upon any such Recognizance or Security, after the Expiration of Six Months from the Time when Possession of the Premises, or any Part thereof, shall actually have been delivered to the Landlord.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Defendant to remove any Action of Ejectment commenced by a Landlord under the Provisions of this Act from any of the Courts of Great Session in Wales to be tried in an English County, unless such Court of Great Session shall be of Opinion that the same ought to be so removed upon special Application to the Court for that Purpose.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases wherein the Landlord shall elect to proceed in Ejectment, under the Provisions hereinbefore contained, and the Tenant shall have found Bail, as ordered by the Court, then if the Landlord upon the Trial of the Cause shall be nonsuited, or a Verdict pass against him upon the Merits of the Case, there shall be Judgment against him with Double Costs.

VII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to prejudice or affect any Right of Action of Remedy which Landlords already possess, in any of the Cases hereinbefore provided for.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall extend to all Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, except Scotland,

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act to continue, until the Thirty first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, an Act of the Fifty seventh Year of His late Majesty, for letting to fyrm the Post Horse Duties, and to amend the Acts relating to the Post Horse Duties.

[24th July 1820.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for letting to farm the Post Horse Duties, and for better securing and facilitating the Recovery of the said Duties,

the Duties granted by an Act passed in the tfbrty fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal

the several Duties under the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, in Great

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 88. 397

Britain, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof J

are now let to farm under the Authority of the said Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty,

for a Term of Years which will expire on the Thirty first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty one: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Duties, so granted by the said Act of the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, should be let to farm for a further Term Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Treasury may, Act, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's by the Com-Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland,

or any Three or more of them, for the time being, and they are hereby empowered, from time to time as it shall be necessary, Howe Duties, either by themselves, or by the Commissioners of Stamps, in subject to the Great Britain, or any Three or more of them, for the time being, Regulations of to let to farm the said several Duties granted by the said Act of the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, for and in respect of Horses, Mares and Geldings hired in the Manner therein mentioned, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to farm the same, after the Expiration of the present Leases thereof, in such separate and particular Districts, and for such Term or Terms as shall be deemed proper and convenient, and under and subject to the Regulations and Restrictions contained in an Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Rei^n of His 27 G. 5. c. 26. said late Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, to let to farm the Duties granted by an Act made in the Twenty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to Hire for travelling Post, and by Time, to such Persons as should be willing to contract for the same, with regard to the Duties hereby authorised to be let to farm, so far as the same are applicable, and not altered by the said Act of the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty: Provided always, that none of the said Not to be let Duties shall be let to farm for any longer Term or Time than for a longer until the Thirty first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty four. "* 9

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Provision con-

Provisions, Clauses, Regulations and Directions contained in and in r" prescribed by the said Acts of the Twenty seventh, Forty fourth °£6

and Fifty seventh Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty, 44 q* 3 £ 98* shall respectively be deemed and tiucen to be in full Force and 57 G. a. c. 59. Effect with respect to the said Duties hereby allowed to be let to extended to farm, and to the letting of the same, and to the Farmers thereof, dd* Act *

and to all other Persons, Matters and Things relating thereto, as far as the same are or shall be applicable, and not altered by or repugnant to the express Provisions of this Act, as fully and effectually as if the same had been herein repeated and specially enacted with reference to the said Duties hereby allowed to be fanned.

III. And to prevent Doubts which have arisen respecting Horses, Mares and Geldings let to hire to be used in travelling

in

C. 88.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Is. 9cl. per Day imposed by

44 G. 3. c. 98. on Horses, shall be paid where Distance is unascertained;

if ascertained,

1 jd. per Mile.

Any Justice may determine Offences where the Penalty does not amount to 50l.

Appeal to Quarter Sessions on Security given.

Witnesses examined upon Oath.

in Great Britain by the Day, be it further enacted and declared, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Duty of One Shilling and Nine Pence per Day imposed by the said hereinbefore mentioned Act of the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty upon every Horse, Mare or Gelding, hired for drawing on any Public Road any Coach or other Carriage as mentioned in the said Act, shall be deemed to attach and be payable for and in respect of every Horse, Mare or Gelding which shall be hired to be used in travelling in Great Britain, in all Cases where the Distance shall not at the Time of such Hiring be ascertained, and that when the Distance shall be ascertained, the Duty of One Penny Halfpenny for every Mile of such Distance shall be charged in respect of every such Horse, Mare or Gelding.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace residing near the Place where the Offence shall be committed, to hear and determine any Offence against this Act, or an Act made and passed in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, relating to the Duties on Post Horses, or any of the Acts herein mentioned, which subject Offenders to any pecuniary Penalty not amounting to Fifty Pounds, which said Justice of the Peace is hereby authorised and required, upon any Information exhibited or Complaint made in that behalf, to summon the Party accused, and also the Witnesses on either Side, and to examine into the Matter of Fact, and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confession of the Party, or by Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to give Judgment or Sentence of Dismissal, or for the Penalty or Forfeiture, according as in and by the said Act of the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty is directed as to Penalties or Forfeitures, and to award and issue out his Warrant under his Hand and Seal for the levying any pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures so adjudged on the Goods of the Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within Six Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus, if any, and where the Goods of such Offender cannot be found, sufficient to answer the Penalty, to commit such Offender to Prison, there to remain for the Space of Six Months, unless such pecuniary Penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and if any Person or Persons shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment or Sentence of any such Justice, then he, she or they shall and may (upon giving Security to the Amount of the Penalty or Penalties sought to be recovered, together with such Costs as shall be awarded by such Justice in case such Judgment or Sentence shall be affirmed) appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions for the County, Riding, or Place, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in case the Judgment or Sentence of such Justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such Justices to award the Person or Persons to pay Costs occasioned by such Appeal, as to them shall seem meet: Provided always, that if the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace shall fall within Six Days after such Judgment or Sentence, it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons so finding

1° GEO. IV. C. 88.

S99

himself or themselves so aggrieved as aforesaid, if he or they shall think fit, giving such Security as aforesaid, to appeal to the next

subsequent Quarter Sessions; and that no such Proceedings so Proceeding#not

to be nad or taken shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form, *or

or removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process what- £*nt ° Form»

soever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing No Action for of this Act, no Person or Persons shall commence any Action or Penalty com-Suit for the Recovery of any Penalty or Penalties incurred or to,

be incurred under any of the Acts of Parliament relating to the No(Jc^4 ays Duties on Horses, 'Mares or Geldings let to hire pursuant to the before mentioned Acts, or any of them, until the Expiration of Fourteen Days after such Person or Persons shall have delivered or caused to be delivered to the Person or Persons incurring such Penalties, or left for him, her or them at his, her or their Dwelling House, or usual or last Place of Abode, a Notice in Writing of the Intention of such Person or Persons to apply to the Commissioners of Stamps in Great Britain for Leavb to commence such Action or Suit, and which Notice shall state the Offence or Offences committed, the Day of committing the same, and the Amount of each Penalty intended to be recovered; and that it shall not be lawful for such Person or Persons, at the Trial of such Action or Suit, to give in Evidence any Matter or Tiling relating to any Offence not specified and set forth in such Notice.

VI. And be it further enacted, That a Conviction, or a Judg- Conviction and ment or Sentence of Dismissal, in the Form and to the Effect Judgment of following, (mutatis mutandis,) as the Case shall happen to be, S'theiSlowifT shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, j?orra# g w ithout stating the Case or the Facts or Evidence in any particular manner; that is to say,

T£E it remembered, That on the Day of

in the Year of our Lord at in the

4 County of A.B. came before me C.D. One of

4 His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said

residing near the Place where the Offence was committed,

and informed me that £. jF. of on the

4 Day of at in the said

did [here set forth the Fact for which the

4 Information is laid] whereupon the said E. F. after being duly summoned to answer the said Charge, appeared before me on the Day of at in the said

and having heard the Charge contained in the said Information, declared he was guilty of the said Offence [or, as the Case may happen to be] did not appear

before me pursuant to the said Summons [or, did neglect and refuse to make any Defence against the said Charge]; but the same being fully proved upon the Oath of G. //. a credible Witness, [or, as the Case may happen to be] acknowledged and voluntarily confessed the same to be true; and it manifestly appearing to me that he the said E. F. is guilty of the Offence charged upon him in the said Information, I do hereby convict him of the Offence aforesaid, and do declare and adjudge that he the said E. F. hath forfeited the Sum of

of

00

C. 88, 89.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Justice may mitigate Penalties;

but not to less than One fourth, besides Costs.

Additional Rate of Postage for Conveyance of Letters between Port Patrick and Donaghadee, viz.

Single 2d .; Double 4d .; Treble 6d; and for every or 8d.

Provisions of former Acts relating to Postage to extend to this Act.

of lawful Money of Great Britain for the Offence aforesaid, to be distributed as the Law directs, according to the Form of the Statute in that Case made and provided: [or, after stating the Summons and Nonappearance of the said Defendant, or, the Appearance of the Dffendant, and that he tvas not guilty of the said Offence, as the Case may be, -\ and it manifestly appearing to me that he the said E. F. is not guilty of the said Offence charged upon him by the said Information, I do therefore dismiss the ' said Complaint or Information. Given under my Hand and Seal the Day of .

Provided nevertheless, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice, where he shall see Cause, to mitigate and lessen any such Penalties as he shall think fit, reasonable Costs and Charges of the Officers and Informers, as well in making the Discovery as in prosecuting the same, being always allowed over and above such Mitigation; and so as such Mitigation do not reduce such Penalties to less than One fourth Part of the Penalty or Penalties incurred, over and above the said Costs and Charges; any thing contained in this or any other Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act for imposing additional Rates and Duties on the Conveyance of Letters between Port Patrick in Scotland and Donaghadee in Ireland.

[24th July 1820.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that additional Duties of Sea Postage should be imposed on Letters and Packets passing between Great Britain and Ireland by the Way of Port Patrick in Scotland and Donaghadee in Ireland Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Postmaster General, and his Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto sufficiently authorised, to demand, have, receive and take, for the Port and Conveyance of Letters by the Post from Great Britain to Ireland and from Ireland to Great Britain, passing between the Ports of Port Patrick in Scotland and Donaghadee in Ireland, the following Rates of Sea Postage, in addition to the Amount of the Rate of Postage now chargeable upon all Letters; (that is to say,) for every Single Letter, Two Pence; for every Double Letter, Four Pence; for every Treble Letter, or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight, Sixpence; and for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, Eight Pence; and so in proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight man an Ounce.

II. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Privileges, Advantages, Disabilities, Penalties, Forfeitures and Distribution thereof, and all Clauses and other Matters and Things contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the time of the passing of this Act, relating to the Post Office, or any Rates or Duties payable on the Port or Conveyance of Letters or Packets,

1° GEO. IV. C. 89, 90. 401

and not repealed or altered by this Act, shall, so far as the same are applicable, continue in force, and be applied and extended, and shall be construed to apply and extend, to this present Act, and to the Rates and Duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Application of Duties hereinbefore granted shall be paid from time to time into die Rate *, the Hands of the Receiver General for the time being of the Revenue of the Post Office in Great Britain, who shall pay the same

(the necessary Charges for collecting, paying and accounting for the same being first deducted) into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, on such Days and Times and in such Manner as the present Rates and Duties are directed by Law to be paid; and the said Duties, so to be paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons in Action for shall at any time or times be sued, molested or prosecuted for any executing Act, thing by him, her or them done or executed in pursuance of this General Issue. Act, or of any Clause, Matter or Thing herein contained, such

Person and Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and

give the special Matter in Evidence for his, her or their Defence;

and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or

Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited,

then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs Treble Co*tf.

awarded to him, her or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XC.

An Act to remove Doubts, and to remedy Defects, in the Law, with respect to certain Offences committed upon the Sea, or within the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty.

[24th July 1820.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty eighth Year of 28 H. 8. c. 15.

the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled For Pi-

rates, it is enacted, that ail Treasons, Felonies, Robberies, Murthere and Confederacies committed in or upon the Sea, or in any

+other Haven, River, Creek or Place where the Admiral or Admirals have or pretend to have Power, Authority or Jurisdiction, shall be enquired, tried, heard, determined and adjudged in such Shires and Places in the Realm as shall be limited by the King's Commission or Commissions to be directed for the same, in like Form and Condition as if any such Offence or Offences had been committed or done in or upon the Land:

And Whereas by an Act passed in the Thirtyninth Year of the Reign of His 39 G. 3. c. 57. ' late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for remedying certain Defects in the Law respecting Offences committed upon the High Seas^ after reeking the said Act of the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, and also reciting that it was expedient to declare that other Offences committed on the Seas might be enquired of, tried and determined in like Manner, it was enacted, that all and every Offence § J and Offences which, after the passing of the said Act of the

402

C. 90.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Thirty ninth Year of the Reign aforesaid, should be committed

upon the High Seas, out of the Body of any County of this

Realm, should be, and they were thereby declared to be, Offences of the same Nature respectively, and to be liable to the same Punishments respectively, as if they had been committed upon the Shore, and should be enquired of, heard, tried and determined and adjudged, in the same Manner as Treasons, Felonies, Murthers, and Confederacies are directed to be by the said

Act of the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry the

i 2. 4 Eighth; and it was by the said Act of the Thirty ninth Year of

the Reign of His said late Majesty further enacted, that when any Person or Persons should be tried for the Crime of Murther or Manslaughter committed upon the Sea, by virtue of any ' Commission directed under the said Act of the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, and should be found guilty of Manslaughter only, such Person or Persons should be entitled to receive the Benefit of Clergy in like Manner, and should be subject to the same Punishment, as if he or they had committed such Manslaughter in or upon the Land: 43 G. 3. c. 58. And Whereas another Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the further Prevention of malicious shooting, and attempting to discharge loaded Fire Arms, stabbing, cutting, woundpoisoning, and the malicious using of Means to procure the Miscarriage of Women, and also the malicious setting fire to Buildings; and also for repealing a certain Act made in England, in the Twenty first Year of the Reign of the late King James the First, intituled An Act to prevent the destroying and murthering of Bastard Children and also an Act made in Ireland in

6 Ann. (I.) the Sixth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, also intitled An Act to prevent the destroying and murthering of Bastard Children;" and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof: And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether Persons tried by virtue of any Commission directed under the said Act of the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, for any other Crime or Offence than those of Murder or Manslaughter, and found guilty of Manslaughter, are entitled to receive the Benefit of Clergy, although if such other Crimes or Offences had been committed in or upon the Land, the Person or Persons committing the same would have been entitled to receive the Benefit of Clergy in respect of some of such Crimes and Offences; and Doubts nave also arisen whether the Offences mentioned in the said Act of the Forty third Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, can, if the same be committed upon the Seas out of the Body of any County of this Realm, be

Henry the Eighth, in the same Manner as if the said Uttences had been committed upon the Land, by reason that the said Act of the Forty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty extends only to the Offences therein mentioned, if the same be committed either in England or Ireland; and it is expedient that the said several Doubts should be removed, and the Provisions of the said Act of the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His

1° GEO. IV. 403 C. 90, 91.

said late Majesty extended, as hereinafter mentioned; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of Persons found this Act, when any Person or Persons shall be tried for any Ca- guilty of pital Crime or Offence committed upon the Sea, out of the Body clergyable of any County of this Realm, and within the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty, by virtue of any Commission directed under the said ^ir^BeiJfit of Act of the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry the clergy as if Eighth, and shall be found guilty of any Crime or Offence which, committed on if committed in or upon the Land, would be clergyable, such Per- Land, son or Persons shall be entitled to receive the Benefit of Clergy in respect of such Crime or Offence, in like Manner, and shall be subject to the same Punishment for such clergyable Crime or Offence, as if he, she or they had committed such clergyable Crime or Offence in or upon the Land.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Crimes Offences under and Offences mentioned in the said Act of the Forty third Year of 43 G. 3. c. 58. the Reign of His said late Majesty, which, after the passing of this to Pro-Act, shall be committed upon the High Seas, out of the Body of ^J£ns of any County of this Realm, shall be and they are hereby declared to be Offences of the same Nature respectively, and to be liable to the same Punishments respectively as if they had been committed upon the Land in England or Ireland, and shall be enquired of, heard, tried and determined and adjudged, in the same Mannar as Treasons, Felonies, Murthers and Confederacies are directed to be by the said Act of the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth.

CAP. XCI.

An Act to authorise the Paymasters of Royal Marines to issue Pay, not exceeding a certain Sum, to the Representatives of deceased Officers and Private Men, without Probate or Administration.

[24th July 1820.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Paymaster of Royal Marines should have the Power hereinafter mentioned i *

Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing Paymaster of of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Paymaster or Royal Royal Marines Marines for the time being, on his own Authority, to issue any J?* 1"ue Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, which may be due for the Pay c^ding20l. to of any deceased Officer, Noncommissioned Officer or Private Sol- the Widow or dier of Royal Marines, to the Widow, next of Kin, or Person or next of Kin, Persons named as Executor or Executors of the last Will of such of any da. deceased Officer, Noncommissioned Officer, or Private Soldier of Royal Marines respectively, without, any Probate or Letters of ^ithout Administration, or Confirmation of Testament, or Letters Test- bate, &c. amentary or Dative, or Payment of any Duty or Stamps, or upon Legacies or otherwise; and all such Payments respectively shall be as valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Engraving, &c. on any Plate for producing an Impression of all or any Part of a Bank Note of the Bank of England without Authority;

or usitig such Plate;

or having such Plate in Custody; or uttering any Impression from

C. 91, 92.

same had been made to any Executor or Administrator, or under the Authority of any Probate or Letters of Administration, or Confirmation of Testament, or Letters Testamentary or Dartre; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament, or Law or Laws, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XCII.

An Act for the further Prevention of forging and counterfeiting of Bank Notes.

[24th July 1820.]

WHEREAS the Forgery of Bank Notes hath of late very much increased in this Kingdom; and as well for the Prevention thereof, as to facilitate the Detection of the same, the Governor and Company of the Bank of England have, after great Consideration, Labour and Expense, formed a new Plan for printing Bank Notes, in which the Groundwork of each Bank Note will be Black or Coloured, or Black and Coloured Line Work, and the Words Bank of England " will be placed at the Top of each Bank Note, in White Letters upon a Black, Sable or Dark Ground, such Ground containing White -Lines intersecting each other, and the numerical Amount or Sum of each Bank Note in the Body of the Note will be printed in Black and Red Register Work, and the Back of each Note wilt distinctly show the whole Contents thereof, except the Number and Date, in a reversed Impression: Therefore, for the better Prevention of the Forgery of Bank Notes, and for the Security of the Public, be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons (other than the Officers, Workmen, Servants and Agents for the time being of the said Governor and Company, to be authorised and appointed for that Purpose by the said Governor and Company, and for the Use of the said Governor and Company only) shall engrave, cut, etch, scrape, or by any other Art, Means or Device make, or shall cause or procure to be engraved, cut, etched, scraped, or by any other Art, Means or Device made, or shall knowingly aid or assist in the engraving, cutting, etching, scraping, or by any other Art, Means or Device, making, in or upon any Plate of Copper, Brass, Steel, Iron, Pewter, or of any other Metal or Mixtures of Metal, or upon Wood or other Materials, or any Plate whatsoever, for the Purpose of producing a Print or Impression of all or any Part or Parts of a Bank Note, or of a Blank Bank Note, of the said Governor and Company, of the Description aforesaid, without an Authority in Writing from the said Governor and Company, or shall use any such Plate so engraved, cut, etched, scraped, or by any other Art, Means or Device made, or shall use any other Instrument or Contrivance for the making or printing any such Bank Note or Blank Bank Note, or Part of a Bank Note of the Description aforesaid; or if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the passing of this Act, without such Authority as aforesaid, knowingly and without lawful Excuse have in his, her or their Custody any such Plate or Instrument, or without such Authority as aforesaid shall knowingly

1° GEO. IV. C. 92. 405

or wilfully utter, publish, dispose of or put away any such Blank Bank Note, or Part of such Bank Note, of the Description aforesaid, every Person so offending in any of the cases aforesaid, and being thereof convicted according to Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall be transported for the Term of Fourteen Years.

II. And Whereas divers Frauds have been practised by making and publishing Papers with certain Words and Characters so nearly resembling the Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as to appear, to ignorant and unwary Persons, to be the Notes of the said Governor and Company; and it is necessary for the Security of the Public, that such Pracdees, as applied to the Notes of the said Governor and Company of the Descripdon aforesaid, should be prevented; Be it therefore further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, from and afrer the passing of this Act, shall engrave, cut, etch, scrape, or by any other Art, Means or Device make, or shall cause or procure to be engraved, cut, etched, scraped, or by any other Art, Means or Contrivance made, or shall knowingly aid or assist in the engraving, cutting, etching, scraping, or by any other Art, Means or Contrivance making, in or upon any Plate of Copper, Brass, Steel, Iron, Pewter, or of any other Metal or Mixture of Metals, or upon Wood or any other Materials, or upon any Plate whatsoever, any Line Work, as or for the Ground Work of a Promissory Note or Bill of Exchange, the Impression taken from which Line Work shall be intended to resemble the Ground Work of a Bank Note of the said Governor and Company of the Description aforesaid, or any Device the Impression taken from which shall contain the Words Bank of England" in White Letters upon a Black, Sable or Dark Ground, either with or without White or other Lines therein, or shall contain in any Part thereof the numerical Sum or Amount of any Promissory Note or Bill of Exchange in Black and Red Register Work, or shall show the reversed Contents of a Promissory Note or Bill of Exchange, or of any Part of a Promissory Note or Bill of Exchange, or shall contain any Word or Words, Figure or Figures, Character or Characters, Pattern or Patterns, which shall be intended to resemble the WTiole or any Part of the Matter or Ornaments of any Bank Note of the Description aforesaid, or shall contain any Word, Number, Figure or Character in White on a Black, Sable or Dark Ground, either with or without White or other Lines therein, which shall be intended to resemble the numerical Sum or Amount in the Margin, or any other Part of any Bank Note of the said Governor and Company, without an Authority in Writing for that Purpose from the said Governor and Company, to be produced and proved by the Party accused; or if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the passing of this Act, (without such Authority as aforesaid,) use any such Plate, Wood or other Material so engraved, cut, etched, scraped, or by any other Art, Means or Contrivance made, or shall use any other Instrument or Contrivance for the making or printing upon any Paper or other Material, any Word or Words, Figure or Figures, Character or Characters, Pattern or Patterns, which shall be intended to resemble the Whole or any Part of the Matter or Ornaments of any such Note of the said Governor and Company, of the Description aforesaid, or any Word, Figure or

Transportation for 14 Years.

Punishment of Persons engraving, &c. on any Plate any Resemblance of Grouml Work intended to resemble the Ground Work of a Bank of England Note, without the Authority of the Bank;

or using such Plate, Ac.

C. 92, 93. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

or having such Plate in Poa-sesaion; or uttering any Im-

preMion from ks

Transportation for 14 Years.

Bank may cause an Impression to be made upon the Notes by Machinery, in lieu of Signatures.

4 Ed. 4. c. 1.

1 Ann. st. 2. c. 18.

Character, in White on a Black, Sable or Dark Ground, either with or without White or other Lines therein, which shall be apparently intended to resemble the numerical Sum or Amount in the Margin, or any other Part of any Bank Note of the said Governor and Company; or if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the passing of this Act, without such Authority as aforesaid, , knowingly have in his, her or their Custody or Possession any such Plate or Instrument, or shall knowingly and wilfully utter, publish or dispose of, or put away any Paper or other Material containing any such Word or Words, Figure or Figures, Character or Characters, Pattern or Patterns as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or willingly have in his, her or their Custody or Possession any Paper or other Material containing any such Word or Words, Figure or Figures, Character or Characters, Pattern or Patterns as aforesaid, (without lawful Excuse, the Proof whereof shall lie upon the Person accused, J every Person so offending in any of the cases aforesaid, and being convicted thereof according to Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall be transported for the Term of Fourteen Years.

III. And Whereas it is expedient that the Name or Names of the Person or Persons intrusted and authorised by the said Governor and Company to sign Bank Notes on behalf of the said Governor and Company, should be impressed by Machinery

upon Bank Notes of the Description aforesaid, in such Form as may from time to time be adopted by the said Governor and Company, instead of being subscribed in the Handwriting of such Person or Persons respectively: And Whereas Doubts may arise respecting the Validity of such Notes; Be it therefore declared and enacted, That all Bank Notes of the said Governor and Company of the Description aforesaid, whereon the Name or Names of any Person or Persons intrusted or authorised to sign such Notes on behalf of the said Governor and Company, shall or may be impressed by Machinery provided for that Purpose by the said Governor and Company, and with the Authority of the said Governor and Company, shall be and be taken to be good and valid to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Notes had been subscribed in the proper Handwriting of the Person or Persons intrusted or authorised by the said Governor and Company to sign the same respectively, and shall be deemed and taken to be Bank Notes within the meaning of all Laws and Statutes whatsoever, and shall and may be described as Bank Notes in all Indictments and other Criminal and Civil Proceedings whatsoever; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XCIII.

An Act to amend and render more effectual the Provisions of divers Acts, for securing to certain Artificers, Workmen and Labourers, in such Acts mentioned, the due Payment of their Wages.

[24th July 1820.]

WHEREAS in and by certain Provisions contained in an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Edxva d the Fourth, and by certain outer Provisions of an Act passed .n the First Year of the Reign of Her Majesty

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 93. 407

Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the more effectual preventing the Abuse* and Frauds of Persons employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton and Iron Manufactures of this Kingdom; and by certain other Provisions of an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act to prevent unlawful Combination of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufacture, and for the better Payment of their Wages; and by certain other Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of the Woollen Manufacture, and for preventing Disputes among the Persons concerned therein, and for limiting a Time for prosecuting for the Forfeiture appointed by an Act of the Twelfth Year of His Majesty's Reign, in case of Payment of the Workmens Wages in any other Manner than in Money; and by certain other Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the more effectual preventing the Abuses and Frauds of Persons employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton and Iroy Manufactures of this Kingdomf and for extending the said Act to the Manufactures <ff Leather; and by certain other Provisions of an Act passed in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the WooUeny Linen, Fustiany Cottony Irony Leathery Fury Hempy Flaxy Mohair and Silk Manufactures; and foe the preventing the unlawful Combination of Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hotpressers, and of all Persons employed tn the said several Manufactures; and for the better Payment of their Wages; and by certain Provisions of an Act passed in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to render more effectual an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George, intituled An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, and for better Payment of their Wages and also an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, for the better Regulation (f the Woollen Manufacture, and for preventing Disputes among the Persons concerned therein, and for limiting a Time for prosecuting for the Forfeiture appointed by the aforesaid Act, in case of the Payment of the Workmens Wages tn any other Manner than in Money; and by certain other Provisions of an Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for

amending and rendering more effectual the several Laws now in being, for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cottony Irony Leather, Fury Hemp, Flaxy Mohair and Silk Manufactures, and also for making Provisions to prevent Frauds by Journeymen Dyers; as well as by the Provisions of Two other Acts of the Fifty seventh Year of the

12 6. l. c. 34.

13 6.1. c. 23.

13 G. 2.C. 8.

ft G.2.C. 27.

29 6.2. c. 33.

17 G. 3. c. 56.

57 G.3. c. 115.

* 08 1° GEO. IV. 1820.

Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, the one intituled An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the Twelfth Year of His late Majesty King George the First, and an Act of the Twenty second Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, against the Payment of Labourers in Goods or by Truck,

and to secure their Payment in the lawful Money of this Realm,

to Labourers employea in the Manufacture of Articles made of Steely or of Steel or Iron combined, and of Plated Articles, and

57 G. 3. c. 122, 4 of other Articles of Cutlery; and the other intituled An Act to

extend the Provisions of an Act of the Twelfth Year of His late Majesty King George the First, and an Act of the Twenty second Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, against Payrment of Labourers in Goods or by Truck, and to secure their Payment in the lawful Money of this Realm, to Labourers employed in the Collieries, or in the working and getting of Coal in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and for extending the Provisions of the said Acts to Scotland and Ireland; the Payment of the Wages of Workmen, in certain Trades and Occupations in the aforesaid Acts enumerated, in any other way than in the lawful Coin or Money of this Realm, is prohibited, and made penal: And Whereas by an Act passed in the

58 G. 3. c. 51. 4 Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George

+the Third, intituled An Act to amend certain Acts passed in the Fourth Year of King Edward the Fourth; First and Tenth Years of Queen Anne; First, Twelfth, and Thirteenth Years of King George the First; Thirteenth, Twenty second and Twenty ninth Years of King George the Second; and Thirteenth and Fifty seventh Years of King George the Third, prohibiting the Payment of the Wages of Workmen in certain Trades otherwise than in the lawful Coin or Money of this Realm; it was made lawful for all Persons concerned in the Trades or Occupations, or concerned in the Employment of Artificers, Workmen or Labourers of the Descriptions mentioned in the aforesaid Acts, or any of them, to pay the Wages of their Workmen, Labourers or Artificers, in a Note or Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or in a Note or Notes of any duly licensed Banker or Bankers, issued under the Authority of the Statutes for the time being in that behalf made and provided, and according to the Provisions of the Statutes for the time being for granting and regulating the Stamp Duties, in all cases where their Labourers, Workmen, or Artificers should be willing to accept and receive the same in Payment of their Wages,

but not otherwise: And Whereas the Protection intended to be afforded to Artificers, Workmen and Labourers of the Description in the said Acts mentioned, by requiring the Payment of their Wages in Money or Bank Notes, is not effectually given bjr the Provisions in the said Acts contained; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au-Peraous con- thority of the same, That if any Person or Persons concerned in

cerned in the the Employment of Artificers, Workmen or Labourers of the De-

Employment of scriptions mentioned in the aforesaid Acts, or any of them, shall Workmen mak- aftg, paging of this Act at any time make or impose, or cause

luganySupu- r & J to

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 9S.

400

to be made or imposed, any Restriction, Stipulation or Agreement, latwn for ex-either directly or indirectly, as to the Place or Manner of expend- pending d»eir ing or laying out the Whole or any Part of any Wages, Money Wag^TnJrary or Bank Notes, agreed to be paid to any Artificer, Workmen or w *

Labourer of the Descriptions mentioned in the aforesaid Acts, or any of them, or as to the Person or Persons with whom the same or any Part of such Wages, Money or Bank Notes shall be expended or laid out, or snail in any way do any thing contrary to or in violation of any of the Provisions of the aforesaid Acts, or any of them, so far as respects the Payment or Receipt of Wages, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall forfeit and pay, in lieu of any Penalty or Penalties imposed Penalty, by the said recited Acts or any of them, any Sum not less than Ten Pounds nor more than Twenty Pounds, in the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom any such Offender shall be convicted, together with the full Costs and Charges attending such Conviction, and which Costs and Charges such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to ascertain and settle; any thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it also further enacted, That all the Powers, Pro- Power* in for-visions and Regulations in the said Acts before mentioned, or mer Act* for any of them contained, for the levying, enforcing or recovering *to be

any Penalty or Forfeiture thereby imposed, shall and may be exercJfo, exercised and applied for the levying, enforcing or recovering enforcing Pen-any Forfeiture or Penalty by this Act imposed, m as ample and altietaf this full a manner as if the same had been hereby enacted; and all Act. and every Penalties and Penalty, when recovered, shall be applied and disposed of in such manner as Forfeitures and Penalties under the said recited Acts or any of them are, by the said Act passed in the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, directed to be paid and applied.

III. And be it also further enacted, That from and after the Qwuter Seapassing of this Act it shall be lawful for any Court of Quarter *on# ?n Appeal Sessions to which any Appeal may be made in pursuance of any ay' Inan Provisions contained in the aforesaid Acts, or any of them, or of Costs, this Act, respecting the Payment or Receipt of Wages, to award Treble Costs to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants, in any case where the Cause of such Appeal shall be by such Court of Quarter Sessions determined against any such Appellant or Appellants, and to enforce the Payment of such Treble Costs in like manner as such Court may be authorised to enforce the Payment of common Costs awarded by such Court in ordinary cases.

IV. And Whereas it is by an Act made in the Twentieth Year 30 G. 2. c. 19. 1 of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, $ l *

intituled An Act for the better adjusting and more easy Recovery of the Wages of certain Servants, and for the better Regulation of such Servants, and of certain Apprentices, it is enacted, that all Complaints, Differences and Disputes which shall arise between Masters and Mistresses, and Artificers and Labourers,

hired for a Year or longer, respecting Wages, shall be determined by one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace; and in case of Nonpayment of the Sum ordered by the Space of

Twenty one Days, then the same may be levied by Distress and

C. 93, 94.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Justices may order Payment of Wages within such Period as they think proper.

Distress.

[Continuance of Act.]

The Overseers of Poor, &c. to take account of the Number of Persons, Ac.

Printed Copies of Act and Schedules to be transmitted by the King's Printer to the Clerks of the Peace, &c. for Distribution.

Sale: And Whereas by another Act made in the Thirty first Year of His said late Majesty, the Provisions of the said Act 4 are extended to all Servants in Husbandry, although hired fora less Period than a Year: And Whereas it is expedient that the Justice or Justices before whom Complaint shall be made shall be empowered to order Payment of the Wages due within a 4 shorter Period Be it therefore enacted, That every Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom any Complaint shall be made in pursuance of the said Acts, or either of them, shall and may order the Amount of the Wages that shall appear due to

any such Artificers or Labourers to be paid to the Person

entitled thereto within such Period as the said Justice or Justices shall think proper; and in case of Refusal or Nonpayment thereof, to levy the same by Distress and Sale, in manner directed by the said first recited Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be put in force and be executed for the Term of One Year, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer, from the passing thereof.

CAP. XCIV.

An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof.

[24th July 1820.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to take an Account of the total Number of Persons now within the Kingdom of Great Britain, together with the progressive Increase or Diminution thereof from the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten to and for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That within that Part of Great Britain called England the respective Overseers of the Poor, or some substantial Householder of every Parish, Township and Place, to be appointed as hereinafter mentioned, and within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, such Persons as shall be for that Purpose appointed in the Manner hereinafter mentioned, to act in and for every Parish and Place, shall at the Time and in the Manner hereinafter directed, severally take an Account of the Number of Persons who shall be actually found at the Time of taking such Accounts to be within the Limits of such Parishes, Townships and Places respectively, and shall set down the several Particulars respecting the same, according to the Form prescribed in the Schedule annexed to this Act.

II. And, for the more speedy and effectual obtaining of such Accounts, be it further enacted, That a sufficient Number of printed Copies of this Act and of the Schedule thereto shall, so soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, be transmitted by His Majesty's Printer to the Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks of the several and respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Precincts, Sokes, Franchises, Liberties, Cities, Boroughs,

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 94. 411

Towns and Counties Corporate in that Part of Great Britain called England; and that the said several Clerks of the Pedce and Town Clerks shall and they are hereby required, with all convenient Speed, to cause the said Act to be distributed amongst the Clerks of the Divisional Meetings within their respective Limits; and also to cause a sufficient Number of the Schedule to this Act annexed to be delivered to the High Constables, or where there are no High Constables, to such other proper Officers who have the Execution of Precepts from Justices of the Peace to inferior Officers within their respective Limits, at the Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty one; and within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, a sufficient Number of printed Copies of this Act and of the Schedule thereto shall in like manner be transmitted to the Sheriff Deputes, Stewart Deputes and Provosts of the Royal Burghs of Edinburgh and Glasgow, who shall cause a sufficient Number of the said Schedule to be delivered to such Persons and at such Times as are for that Purpose hereinafter mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted, That within that Part of Great Britain called England, the High Constables or other proper Officers so described as aforesaid, within their respective Jurisdictions aforesaid, shall, at the said Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, pursuant to the Directions aforesaid, receive from the Clerics of the Peace or Town Clerks the said printed Schedules, and forthwith deliver or cause to be delivered One such Schedule to the Rector, Vicar, Curate or other officiating Minister, and One other such Schedule to One of the Overseers of the Poor of every Parish, Township or Place, as well within Towns Corporate as without, in their respective Limits, and also One such Schedule to the Overseer or Overseers of every Extraparochial Place within the said Limits, or instead thereof to some one substantial Householder residing within the said Parish, Township or Extra-parochial Place, and well acquainted therewith, if he shall be directed so to do by any Justice of the Peace within the District; and thereupon the said Overseers (or such fit Person as they shall appoint by and with the Consent of Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace) , or substantial Householders as aforesaid, taking to their Assistance the Churchwardens or Chapelwardens, or any Person or Persons appointed by any Justice of the Peace at the Request of such Churchwardens or Chapelwardens, Sidesmen, Parish Clerk and Vestry Clerk (if any) , and employing, if they shall think fit, the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs or other Peace Officers for such Parishes, Townships or Places, or any fit Person or Persons thereunto appointed by any Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, upon Application to that Effect by the Overseers or substantial Householders charged with the Execution of the Provisions of this Act, (such several Persons except the aforesaid Churchwardens or Chapelwardens being hereby required to be aiding and assisting therein for that Purpose) , shall, upon the Twenty eighth Day of May in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, proceed to take an Account in Writing of the Number of Persons at that Time

In England the High Constables, &c. to deliver the Schedules to the officiating Minister and One of the Overseers of every Parish, &c.

Overseers. &c. to take an Account of the Number of Persons.

C. 94.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Method of preparing Returns.

Empowered to ask Questions.

Refusing or giving false Answer. Penalty.

Officiating Ministers to transmit an Answer to Questions in the Schedule relative to Baptisms, &c. to the Bishop of the Diocese, &c. transmitted to the Privy Council, Ac.

Justices to appoint a Time *and Place for Overseers,

Ac. to attend with Returns *and Answers.

being within the Limits of such Parishes, Townships and Places respectively, and inform themselves of the several Particulars relating to the Matters specified in the Six first Questions in the said Schedule, by proceeding together or separately from House to House, or otherwise, as they shall judge expedient, for the better Execution of this Act; and from such Information shall prepare an Answer or Return to the said Questions, according to the Form prescribed in the said Schedule, and shall sign the same with their Names and respective Additions, as such Overseers or substantial Householders as aforesaid; and the better to enable the said Overseer# or substantial Householders as aforesaid to make such Answers and Returns, they, and the Persons so assisting them as aforesaid, are hereby authorised and empowered to ask all such Questions of the Persons within the said Parish, Township or Place respecting themselves and the Number and Quality of the Persons constituting their respective Families, as shall be necessary for stating the Particulars required to be stated concerning them in the said Answers and Returns; and every such Person refusing to answer, or wilfully giving a false Answer to such Questions, or any of them, shall, for'every such Refusal or false Answer, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom Complaint thereof shall be made.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Rector, Vicar, Curate or other Officiating Minister of every Parish, Township or Place (Extraparochial or otherwise) in England, including Free Chapels, Donatives and Peculiars, to whom such Schedule shall have been delivered as aforesaid, shall forthwith prepare an Answer or Return to the Questions relative to Baptisms, Burials and Marriages in the said Schedule set forth, and shall, on or before the Twenty first Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, duly transmit such* Answer or Return to the Bishop, within the Limits of whose Diocese the said Parish, Township or Place is situate; and the several Bishops shall, on or before the Eleventh Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, transmit the same to the Archbishops of their respective Provinces, and thereupon the said Archbishops shall, on or before the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, cause the same to be laid before His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, who shall cause an Abstract thereof to be prepared and laid before both Houses of Parliament, within Three Months after the said First Day of August, or if Parliament shall not be then sitting, within the First Fourteen Days of the Session next ensuing.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace, or any Two or more of them, within their respective Jurisdictions in England, shall, at or so soon as conveniently may be after the said Easter Quarter Sessions in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, appoint a Time and Place, or Times and Places, (which Time shall be not sooner than the Twenty fifth Day of June, nor later than the Twenty first Day of July, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and may be at the Midsummer Quarter Sessions if they shall think fit,) for the Overseers of the Poor of the several Parishes, Townships and

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 94. 413

Places within their respective Divisions or Limits, or for such substantial Householders as aforesaid, as the case may be, to attend them for the Purpose of this Act, with Returns and Answers to the said Six first Questions stated in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and cause Notice of such Time and Place to be given to such Overseers and Householders respectively, according to the Form in the Schedule to this Act, and also to the High Constables, or where there arc no High Constables, to such other proper Officers as aforesaid; and thereupon the said Overseers or substantial Overseers, Sc. Householders as aforesaid, or some one of them, in and for every such Parish, Township or Place, shall and they are hereby re- ohor°Affir-quired to attend the Justices of the Peace at such Meeting or mutton. Meetings respectively, and then and there deliver to the said Justices in Writing, signed by himself or themselves, a just and true Answer and Return to the said Questions upon Oath, (or being of the People called Quakers, on Affirmation) , as hereinafter directed; and the said High Constables, or other proper Officers so described as aforesaid, shall and they are hereby required to attend the said respective Meetings for the Purposes hereinafter directed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices of the Justices to re-Peace shall and they are hereby required to receive and take,

at such Meetings so to be appointed by them as aforesaid, the Oath '

Answers and Returns to be made pursuant to the Directions aforesaid, and then and there to administer to the said Overseers or substantial Householders respectively, the Oath or Affirmation contained in the said Schedule; and, if they see Cause, to Power to ox-examine such Overseers and Householders upon Oath or Affirm- am, ne Over-ation, touching any of the Matters contained in such Questions on

and Answers, and, if necessary, to adjourn the said Meetings at any Time or Times, not later than the said Twenty first Day of July, and to any Place or Places, in order that the said Returns may be rendered more complete or satisfactory; and shall then Answers and deliver such Answers and Returns to the respective High Con- de '

stables or other proper Officers as aforesaid, who shall there- ^fhCon-upon indorse on each of such Returns the Name of the County, who

and also of the Riding, Division, Rape, Wapentake, Lathe, Pre- shall indorse cinct, Soke, Franchise, Liberty, City, Borough, Town or County Returns, and Corporate, wherein the Parish, Township or Place therein men- lhem

tioned is situate, and shall deliver or transmit such Returns, pe^ er"/>fthc together with a true and perfect List of every Parish, Township and Place, and also of the Overseers and Householders aforesaid, to whom such Schedule shall have been delivered as aforesaid, to the several Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks for the Jurisdiction in which the said Justices are authorised to act, at their respective Offices, on or before the Twenty eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

VII. And be it further enacted, That within that Part of Great Sheriff De-

Britain called Scotland, the Sheriff Deputes and Stewart Deputes, in

or their Substitutes, in their respective Counties and Stewartries,

and the Provost of the Royal Burghs of Edinburgh and Glasgow masters, &c. to within the said Burghs, shall nominate and appoint, in Writing take account, under the Hand of their respective Clerks, the Schoolmaster or >ther fit Person or Persons, in each Parish or Place, to take

C. 94. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Sheriffs' Officers, &c. to deliver Schedules to Persons so appointed, who shall take an Account of Number of Persons, Ac.

Refusing or giving false Answers.

[Penalty.]

Sheriff Deputes, &c. in Scotland to appoint a Time for Schoolmasters, &c. to attend with Returns.

Sheriff Deputes, &c. to receive them upon Oath.

account of the several Matters required by this Act; and the Sheriffs* Officers, Stewarts* Officers and Town Officers respectively, are required forthwith to deliver the said Schedule to the Schoolmaster, Person or Persons so appointed; and on the said Twenty eighth Day of May in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, the Schoolmaster, Person or Persons so appointed, shall proceed to take account of the Number of Persons at that Time within the Limits of their respective Parishes and Places, and inform themselves of the several Particulars relating to all the Matters specified in the said Schedule, by proceeding from House to House, or otherwise, as they shall judge expedient for the better Execution of this Act, and from such Information as aforesaid, shall prepare an Answer or Return to all the said Questions, accoraing to the Form prescribed in the said Schedule, and shall then exhibit the same to the Minister of the Parish for his Correction and Approbation, and for any Observations which he may think fit to write thereupon; and the several Schoolmasters and other Persons appointed shall thereafter sign th^ same with their Names and ordinary Designations; and die better to enable them to make such Answers or Returns as aforesaid, they are hereby authorised and empowered to ask all such Questions of the Persons within their respective Parishes, respecting themselves and the Number and Quality of the Persons constituting their respective Families, as shall be necessary for stating the Particulars required to be stated concerning them in the said Answers and Returns; and every such Person refusing to answer, or wilfully giving a false Answer to such Questions, or any of them, shall, for every such Refusal or false Answer, forfeit a Sum not exceeding live Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of any Justice of the Peace before whom the Complaint thereof shall be made.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Sheriff Deputes and Stewart Deputes or their Substitutes, for Scotland, and the Provosts of the Royal Burghs of Edinburgh and Glasgow, within their respective Jurisdictions, shall appoint a Time or Times, which shall not be sooner than the First Day of June, nor later than the last Day of June, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, for the Schoolmaster, Person or Persons appointed by them as aforesaid, to attend at their Offices, or at such other Places as they shall appoint, with the Returns and Answers to all the Questions stated in the Schedule to this Act; and the said Sheriff Deputes, Stewart Deputes or their Substitutes and Provosts, shall cause Notice to be given to them respectively for that Purpose accordingly; and shall men and there receive the Answers and Returns to be made as aforesaid, and administer the Oath contained in the said Schedule to the Schoolmaster, Person or Persons appointed to make such Returns as aforesaid; and such Sheriff Deputes, Stewart Deputes or their Substitutes, and Provosts aforesaid, if they see Cause, may examine the said Schoolmaster, Person or Persons, upon Oath, touching any of the Matters contained in such Questions and Answers, and shall thereafter direct their respective Clerks to indorse the same with the Name of the County or Stewartry, or District thereof, wherein the Parish or Place therein mentioned is situated; or otherwise, in cases where

16 the

C. 94.

415

the said Sheriff Deputes, Stewart Deputes or their Substitutes shall think proper, they shall direct the Schoolmasters and other Persons aforesaid to verify the said Returns and Answers upon Oath, before any Justice of the Peace within the County or Stewartry, and thereafter to transmit the Schedule, previous to the said last Day of June, in any convenient Manner, to the said Sheriff Deputes, Stewart Deputes, or their Substitutes, who shall direct the same to be indorsed as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the several Accounts so taken in Writing by the Overseers and Schoolmasters or other Persons so appointed as aforesaid, in every Parish, Township or Place within Great Britain, for the Purpose of preparing the aforesaid Answers and Returns, shall be saiely kept and preserved by the Churchwardens or Chapelwardens in England, and by the Schoolmasters or other Persons appointed as aforesaid in Scotland, for the time being, of the several Parishes, Townships or Places to which the same relate, and shall be delivered over by them to their Successors in Office respectively; and that the said Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks throughout that Part of Great Britain called England, and the Sheriff Deputes, Stewart Deputes or their Substitutes, and Provosts in Scotland, shall, on or before the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, transmit with all convenient Speed such Answers and Returns as they shall have received in manner aforesaid, together with a List of the Parishes, Townships, and Places within their respective Counties, Stewartries, Ridings or Divisions, from whence no Returns have been made to them, to the Office of His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State Tor the Home Department; and that the same shall be digested and reduced into Order by such Officer as such Secretary of State shall appoint for that Purpose; and that an Abstract thereof shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament, within Three Months after the said First Day of August, or if Parliament shall not be then sitting, within the first Fourteen Days of the Session next ensuing.

X. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid and allowed for the Trouble and Expenses of the several Persons employed in the Transactions aforesaid, for every Return which shall be so made and transmitted to the Clerks of the* Peace and Town Clerks respectively, pursuant to the Directions aforesaid, the Sums following; (videlicet). To the Clerk of the Peace or Town Clerk, for the Return which shall be made from every such Parish, Township or Place in England, the Sum of One Shilling; to the High Constable or other proper Officer in England, for the like, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; to the Clerks of the Justices of the Peace throughout England, for the like, the Sum of One Shilling; and that the Justices of the Peace in England, at their respective Midsummer Quarter Sessions, or at the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions following, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, shall and they are hereby required to make an Order upon their respective Treasurers, to pay the same out of the Rates to be made and collected for the respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Precincts, Sokes, Franchises, Liberties, -Cities and Counties Corporate, or shall cause the same to be

paid

Accounts for preparing Returns preserved by Churchwardens, &c in England, and other Persons in Scotland, and delivered to Successors.

Clerks of the Peace, &c and Sheriff Deputes, &c. to transmit Returns to Secretary of State.

Allowance to Persons employed for Trouble and Expenses;

to he paid in England from the County Rates and Poor's Rate;

C. 94.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Compensation to Overseers, &c.

Allowances in Scotland paid from the Land Tax.

Compensation to Schoolmasters.

Clerks of the Peace, Constables, &c. making Default.

[Penalty.]

Other Persons appointed.

paid out of the Poor Rates of and for such Counties Corporate or Places as have no County Rates; and also, that the said Justices in England, at their said Midsummer Quarter Sessions, or at the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions following, may and they are hereby required to allow to the several Overseers, Householders, Parish Clerks, Vestry Clerks, or other Persons in England, a reasonable Compensation for the Trouble necessarily taken, and also for the Expenses (if any) by them necessarily incurred in the Execution of this Act, and shall order Payment thereof to be made out of the Poor's Rates of the several Parishes, Townships or Places respectively, and shall thereafter allow the same in the Annual Accounts of the several Overseers of the Poor.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Sheriff Deputes, Stewart Deputes or their Substitutes, and Provosts of the Royal Burghs of Edinburgh and Glasgow, in Scotland, may and they are hereby required to allow to the Sheriff Clerks or Town Clerks respectively, for the Return which shall be made and transmitted from every Parish or Place in Scotland, the Sum of One Shilling; and to the Sheriff's Officer or Town Officer, who shall distribute the Schedule to the Schoolmasters and others, for the like, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence; and the said Sheriff Deputes, Stewart Deputes, or their Substitutes and Provosts, may and they are hereby required to allow to the School-masters and others a reasonable Compensation for the Trouble by them necessarily taken, and also for the Expenses (if any) by them necessarily incurred in the Execution of this Act; and to order Payment thereof, and also of the Sums respectively payable to the Sheriff's Clerk, Stewart's Clerk or Town Clerk, and to the Sheriff's Officer or Town Officer, to be made by the Collector of the Land Tax of and for the Shire, Stewartry or other Place (as the case shall require) , out of any Money in his Hands; and such Collector shall and is hereby authorised to pay the same accordingly.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, High Constable, Constable, Tythingman, Headborough or other such Officer as aforesaid, and also every such Churchwarden, Chapelwarden, Sidesman, Parish Clerk, Vestry Clerk, Overseer of the Poor, Householder, Schoolmaster or other Person so appointed as aforesaid, making wilful Default in any of the Matters required of them respectively by this Act, shall, for every such wilful Default, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom Complaint thereof shall be made: And in case any of the beforementioned Officers and other Persons shall have so made Default, or shall have so omitted to attend with or respecting the Answers and Returns at the appointed Time, the said Justices in England, and Sheriff Deputes, Stewart Deputes or their Substitutes and Provosts, in Scotland, may and they are hereby required forthwith to nominate and appoint some other Person or Persons in their Stead, to execute die Provisions of this Act; and the Person or Persons so nominated and appointed shall, instead of the Officer or Person so making Default, or omitting to attend as aforesaid, be entitled to receive the Fees or Compensation hereinbefore mentioned; and

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 94. 417

shall also be liable to th& same Penalty in cose of making wilful Default.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Forfeitures Recovery and and Penalties inflicted by this Act shall, if not immediately paid, Application of be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chat- Penalties, tels, by virtue of a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace having Jurisdiction where such Offender shall dwell, rendering to the said Offender the Overplus (if any) after the Charge of such Distress and Sale shall be deducted; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, then it shall be lawful for such Justice to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for a Term not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless the said Forfeiture and Charges shall be sooner paid; and the said Forfeitures when recovered, in England, shall be paid, One Half to the Informer, and the other Half to the said respective Treasurers, to be applied in Aid of the Rates aforesaid; and any Person shall be deemed a competent Witness for the Execution of any of the Purposes of this Act, notwithstanding his paying or being liable to pay towards such Poor's Rate or County Rates; and in case the said Forfeitures shall be recovered in Scotland, they shall be paid, One Half to the Informer, and the other Half to the Collector of the Land Tax of such County or Stewartry wherein the said Default shall be committed, to be by him applied in Aid of the Expenditure incurred by reason of this Act.

SCHEDULE.

QUESTIONS to which, by Directions of an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled " An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution " thereof," written Answers are to be returned by the Rector,

Vicar, Curate or Officiating Minister, and Overseers of the Poor, or by some other substantial Householder of every Parish, Township and Place (including those Places also which are Extraparochial) in England; and by the Schoolmasters or other Persons to be appointed under the said Act for every Parish and Place in Scotland; signed by them respectively, and attested upon Oath or Affirmation by the said Overseers, or by such other substantial Householders as aforesaid in England, and by the Schoolmasters or other such Persons as aforesaid in Scotland.

Questions addressed to the Overseers in England, and to the Schoolmasters in Scotland:

Who are respectively required to take an Account of the Resident Population by proceeding from House to House on the 28th Day of May 1821, and on the Days immediately subsequent thereto, if one Day shall not be sufficient; and they are also re-

auired to specify in Writing the Name of the Parish or Place in le Schedule, and whether it be usually called a Parish, Township, Tything, Quarter, or by what other Denomination.

413

C.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

1st. How many inhabited Houses are there in your Parish; Township or Place; and by how many Families are they occupied ?

2d. How many Houses are now building, and therefore not yet inhabited ?

3d. How many other Houses are uninhabited ?

4th. What Number of Families in your Parish, Township or Place, are chiefly employed in and maintained by Agriculture, or by Trade, Manufacture or Handicraft; and how many Families are not comprised in either of the Two preceding Classes ?

N.B. The total Number of Families in answer to this Question, must correspond with the Number of Families in answer to the 1st Question; and if any Doubt shall arise as to the Class in which any Family or Families ought to be comprised, such Doubt is to be stated as a Remark (under Question 7th) , not omitting therein to specify in which Class such Family or Families may have been comprised in your Answer to the 4th Question.

5th. How many Persons (including Children of whatever Age) are there actually found within the Limits of your Parish, Township or Place, at the Time of taking this Account, distinguishing Males and Females, and exclusive of Men actually serving in His Majesty's Regular Forces, in the Old Militia, or in any embodied Local Militia, and exclusive of Seamen either in His Majesty's Service, or belonging to Registered Vessels ?

6th. Referring to the Number of Persons in One thousand eight hundred and eleven, To what Cause do you attribute any remarkable Difference in the Number at present ?

7th. If you are of Opinion that in making the preceding Enquiries (or at any Time before returning this Schedule) , the Ages of the several Individuals can be obtained in a Manner satisfactory to yourself, and not inconvenient to the Parties, be pleased to state (or cause to be stated) the Number of those who are under Five Years of Age, of those between 5 and 10 Years of Age, between 10 and 15, between 15 and 20, between 20 and 30, between 30 and 40, between 40 and 50, between 50 and 60, between 60 and 70, between 70 and 80, between 80 and 90, between 90 and 100, and upwards of 100, distinguishing Males from Females; and are there any other Matters which you may think it necessary to remark in Explanation of your Answer to this or any of the preceding Questions; and in what Manner and to what Place of Residence and Post Office Town are Letters intended for you usually directed ?

Questions addressed to the Officiating Ministers in England, by whom a Return is to be made to the Bishop on or before the 21st Day of June 1821.

1st. What was the Number of Baptisms and Burials in your Parish, Township or'Place, in the several Years 1811,

1 *

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 94. 41 *

12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19 and 20; distinguishing Males from Females ?

2d. \Vhat has been the Number of Marriages in your Parish,

Township or Place, in the several Years 1811, 12, 13,

14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19 and 20?

3d. Are there any Matters which you think it necessary to remark, in Explanation of your Answers to either of the preceding Questions ? Especially whether any and what annual Average Number of Baptisms, Burials and Marriages, may, in your Opinion, take place in your Parish, without being entered in the Parish Register?

FORM of Answer by the Overseers, &c. in England, and Schoolmasters, &c. in Scotland, to the Questions contained in the Schedule to an Act, 1st Geo. IV., intituled " An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof."

Name and Description of Parish, &c. and within what County, Hundred, Town Corporate, or other Division situate. Question 1st. Question 2d. Question Sd. Question 4th. OCCUPATIONS. Question 5th. Persons, including Children, of whatever Age.

Inhabited Houses. By how many Families occupied. Houses now building. Other Houses uninhabited. Families chiefly employed in Agri-. culture. Families diiefly employed in Trade, Manufactures and Handicraft. All other Families not comprised in the Two preceding Classes. Males. Females. Total of Persons.

N.B. If m Township, numbered happen to IV I s or only be a VzmtTj Plaa r in th it the f occupies the I ose Pari Time of 5 Two 0 nd i vidua i shesy Tox taking t) r more Is belong vnships c le Accou Houses it ing to sue w Places, nt. i differs h Famil where th it p y ar ey 'arisi e to even 4M

6th Question. Referring to the Number of Persons in 1811, To what Cause do you attribute any remarkable Difference in the Number at present ?

7th Question. Are there any other Matters, which you may think it necessary to remark, in Explanation of your Answers to any of the preceding Questions ?

E e 2 Attest-

Attestation on Oath [or Affirmation] by the Overseers or substantial Householders in England, and by the Schoolmasters

in Scotland.

I, A. B, One of the Overseers, Schoolmaster [or, a substantial Householder] of the Parish, Township, &c. of in the County of do swear [or affirm], That the above Return contains, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief,

a full and true Answer to the Questions contained in the Schedule to an Act, intituled " An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof."

The abovementioned A.B. was sworn [or affirmed} (in England) before us the Justices of the Peace in and for the of this Day of C.D. and E. F.

__________ (in Scotland) before me the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of the

of this Day of G. H

Account of the Ages of all Persons enumerated in

(htre state the Name of the Parish dr Place, SfC.

o

o

FT

MALES.

Totals

Under

5

5

to

101

10

to

151

30

to

40

5060

60

to

701

8090100i

100

and

upwards.

FEMALES,

Totals

Under

5

203040

to

152030 *

to to 4050

5060 to |to 6070

70

to

801

80

to

90

90

to

100

100

and

The above Account was taken by me (or under my Direction, as the Case may be) and annexed to the Overseer's Schedule by me, (Signed) A.B* Officiating Minister} c

Overseer, or V. -alr

Inhabitant of) ,

028ra V 'AI 030.1 't6 0 07, \

FORM of Answers by the Clergymen in England to the Questions contained in the Schedule to an Act, 1° Geo. IV. intituled " An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof."

W

CO

o

o

o

§3

a

Diocese of and County, &c. Deanery or Jurisdiction, &c. City, Town, &c. Parish or Chapelry, Ac.

QUESTION 1st. QUESTION 2d.

YEARS. BAPTISMS. BURIALS. YEARS. NUMBER OF MARRIAGES.

Male*. Females. Total. Males. Females. Total.

1811. -1812. - 1813. - 1814. - 1815. - 1816. - 1817. - 1818. -1819. - 182a - 1811. -1812. - 1813. - 1814. - 1815. - 1816. - 1817. - 1818. - 1819. - 1820.

Remarks in Explanation of the Matters stated in Answer to the sereral Questions.

1st Question.

2d Question.

3d Question. — Annual Average Number of unentered Baptisms Burials ---- Marriages. —

(Here assign Reason of Non-entry.)

to

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 94. 422

C. 94.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

CERTIFICATE of the CLERGYMAN.

I, A.B.

[Rector, Vicar, Curate, or Officiating Minister] of the Parish, Chapelry, &c. of in the County of

do certify, That the above Return contains, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, a full and true Answer to the several Questions contained in the Schedule to an Act, intituled " An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof." A.B.

Witness C.Z). One of the Churchwardens [or, substantial Householder] of the Parish of this

Day of

II.

FORM of the PRECEPT for giving Notice to High Constables, Overseers and Householders in England, of the Time and Place appointed by Justices of the Peace for taking the Answers and Returns under this Act.

The County, &c.) To the Constable, [Tythingman or Headborough] to wit. J of in the said County.

YOU are hereby required, with all convenient Speed, to give or cause to be given Notice to the High Constable of the Hundred of and to the Overseers of the Poor of every Parish,

Township or Place within the said Hundred; and if there is no Overseer therein, then to some substantial Householder therein, that they are severally required to appear at on the

Day of next, at the Hour of

in the Forenoon, before such of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace as shall be then and there assembled, and that the said Overseers or Householders as aforesaid, or some one of them, for every such Parish, Township or Place, are then and there to deliver upon Oath or Affirmation, a Just and true Account, in Writing, signed by themselves, containing an Answer to the several Questions propounded in the Schedule to an Act 1 Geo. IV. intituled " An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof." Given under my Hand, [or our Hands] this Day of

in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and

III.

FORM of the OATH or AFFIRMATION to the Return.

YOU shall swear [or affirm] that the Answers and Returns now made by you to the several Questions contained in the Schedule annexea to an Act, 1 Geo. IV. intituled " An Act for taking an " Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase " or Diminution thereof," is a full and true Answer to the said Question, to the best of your Knowledge and Belief.

IV. FORM

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV.

423

C. 94, 95.

IV.

FORM of INDORSEMENT by the High Constables in England, and by the Sheriff's Clerk or Town Clerk in Scotland.

County or Stewartry of Riding, Division or District of

Hundred, Rape, Wapentake, Lathe, Precinct, Soke, Franchise or Liberty of

City, Borough, Town -or County Corporate of Parish, Township, &c. of

An Act for obtaining Returns from Turnpike Road Trusts of the Amount of their Revenues, and Expense of maintaining the same.

[24th July 1820.]

WHEREAS it is of great public Importance that the Communications between the different Parts of the Kingdom should be rendered as commodious and expeditious as possible;

And Whereas it will greatly facilitate the adopting Measures for the Improvement of the Turnpike Roads, and of the Laws for making, repairing, and maintenance of the Turnpike Roads in Great Britain, if Information was obtained, and accurate Returns were laid before Parliament, of the Extent of the said Roads, and the Funds for and the Expenses of maintaining the same; and it is expedient that Provision should be made for

obtaining such Information and Returns May it therefore

please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

same, That a sufficient Number of Printed Copies of this Act and Tbs King' *

of the Schedule thereto, shall, so soon as conven* '1 1 e Printer to send

alter the passing or this Act, be transmitted by s

Printer to the Clerks of the Peace of the several and respective Counties, Ridings and Divisions of England, Scotland, and the and Schedule to Principality of Whies; and the said several Clerks of the Peace the Clerks of shall and they are hereby required forthwith on the Receipt of the Peace in the said Copies of the said Act and of the said Schedules, to cause a Copy of the said Schedule to be delivered to the Clerk "ndandW-es* and Treasurer of every Trust for making, repairing, and maintenance of the Turnpike Roads within the Limits of their respective Counties, Ridings and Divisions.

II. And Whereas it may happen, that the said Clerks of the clerk* of tha Peace may not be acquainted with the Place or Places of Abode Pence to cause of all the said Clerks and Treasurers of the Trustees of Turn- Notice to the pike Roads within their Counties, Ridings, Divisions or Stew- and artries, whereby they may be unable to forward the said Schedules to them Be it therefore enacted, That the said several Road* to be in-Clerks of the Peace shall and they are hereby required, imme- serted in the diately on receiving the said printed Copies of this Act and of Newspapers, the said Schedules, to insert or cause to be inserted in some one Newspaper or Newspapers usually circulating within their respec-

CAP. XCV.

tive

424

A.D. 1820.

Penalty. s

Clerks and Treasurers to Trustees to obtain Information required by Schedule, and make Returns verified on Oath.

C. 95. 1° GEO. IV.

tive Counties, Ridings or Divisions, a Notice in the Form and to the Effect following:

To the Clerks and Treasurers of the Trustees of the Turnpike Roads within the County of

4' County*) T>URSUANT to the Directions of an Act passed in

of J the First Year of the Reign of His Majesty King

George the Fourth, intituled An Act for [insert the Title of this Act,] I do hereby give Notice to the several Clerks and Treasurers of every Trust for making, maintaining and repairing the Turnpike Roads within this County, that printed Copies of the Schedule of the said Act are now ready for Delivery at my Office; and all the said Clerks and Treasurers who have not already received Copies of the said Schedule, are hereby reauired, within Fourteen Days from the Date hereof, to apply for the same; and the said Clerks and Treasurers are hereby further required to make a true and accurate Return in Writing,

verified on Oath, to my Office in of the several

4 Matters in the said Schedule contained, on or before the

4 Day of in the Year Dated this

4 Day of (Signed) 4 A.B. Clerk of the Peace. '

And every such Clerk of the Peace who shall omit to forward the said Copies of the said Schedule, or to cause such Notice to be inserted, or to deliver a Copy of the said Schedule, on Application to him by any such Clerk or Treasurer, who shall make wilful Default in any other Matter or Thing required of him by this Act, shall for every such Offence forfeit a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, nor less than Twenty Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom Complaint shall be made.

III. And be it further enacted, That every such Clerk or Treasurer to every Turnpike Trust, shall forthwith, on receiving the said Schedule, proceed in obtaining the Information required by the said Schedule, and shall prepare a true and correct Return of all the several Matters and Things required by the said Schedule; which said Return shall be fairly copied out in Writing, and shall be signed by the said Clerk and Treasurer in the Presence of any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace acting for the County, Riding or Division, or Stewartry, within which the Turnpike Road to which such Return shall relate is situated; which said Return when so signed, shall be verified by the said Clerk and Treasurer by an Oath, to be taken before the said Justice or Justices, (who is and are hereby authorised to administer the same) , in the Form and to the Effect following:

I A.B. do swear, That this Return, and all Things therein contained, is and are true, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, and that I have not wilfully omitted any thing required to be returned by me. So help me GOD. '

Or in case the Party making such Return shall be a Quaker, then by Affirmation to the same Effect: And the N said Justice or Justices before whom the said Return shall be signed and verified shall, and he or they is and are hereby required to certify the same to have been so signed and verified before him or them, by Writing

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820. C. 95.

ing under his or their Hand, at the Foot or on the Back of such Return.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Clerks and Treasurers to the Trustees for making, maintaining and repairing the Turnpike Roads, shall respectively transmit the said Returns to the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding or Division within which the Turnpike Road in respect whereof the Return shall be made is situated, and shall cause the same to be deposited in the Office of the said Clerk of the Peace, on or before the First Day of September in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty; and the said Clerks of the Peace shall and they are hereby required, on or before the First Day of October in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty, to transmit all such Returns as they shall have received, (together with a List of the Treasurers to Trustees who shall not have made any Return) , to the Office of His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department; and all the said Returns, and the said List of Persons omitting to make such Returns, shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within Two Months after the said First Day of October, or if Parliament shall not then be sitting, within Fourteen Days after the Commencement of the ensuing Session.

V. And Whereas there are certain Turnpike Trusts which are, by the Arrangement of the Trustees or by Law, divided

into Districts, for the more conveniently repairing and maintaining the Roads under such Trusts, and more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of such Trusts; Be it therefore enacted, That in every such case the Return of the particular Treasurer or Clerk of each District, on the Return of the general Treasurer and principal Clerk in manner hereinbefore directed, shall be deemed sufficient, provided that such Return contains all the Information and all the Matters and Things required to be returned according to the said Schedule to this Act; and that such general Treasurer and principal Clerk, or such particular Clerk and Treasurer, describe themselves as such in signing such Return, and state the Trust in respect of which such Return shall be made to be a divided Trust.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Duties of Clerk to any Turnpike Trustees, and the Duties of Treasurer to any such Trustees, shall be discharged by one and the same Person, then and in every such Case a Return, signed by such Person, describing himself as holding both the said Offices, shall be deemed and taken to be, and shall be a sufficient Return, provided the same contains all the Information and all the Matters and Things required by the Schedule to this Act to be returned.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Turnpike Road in respect of which any such Return shall be required, shall be continued and situated in more Counties than One, or in more than One Riding or Division of the same County, that then and in every such Case it shall be sufficient for the Clerk and Treasurer to the Trustees for repairing such Road, to make One Report to the Clerk of the Peace for any one of the Counties, Ridings or Divisions into which such Road shall be continued and be situate: Provided nevertheless, that the Clerk and Treasurer making such Return as last mentioned shall send, or cause to be sent, a Notice

to

425

Clerks, &c. to transmit Returns to Clerks of the Peace, who are to transmit same, with a List of Persons omitting to make Returns, to Secretary of State.

How Return* are to be made for divided Trusts.

Proviso for signing Return where Duties of Clerk and Treasurer performed by One Person.

How Report to be made where Road lies in more than One County.

C. 95. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Clerks and Treasurers omitting to make Return or making false Returns.

Penalty 50l.

Clerk of the Peace to provide a Book -or entering Returns.

2s. for Inspection:

, 5s. for a Copy.

Clerk of the Peace to be paid for every Return entered and transmitted to the Secretary of State 2l 2s .; and 5s. from each Trust.

Clerks, &c. paid their Kspensev

to the Clerks of the Peace of the other Counties, Ridings or Divisions through which such Road shall pass, stating to whom they have made their Return.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk or Treasurer to any Trustees of any Turnpike Road shall neglect or omit to make such Return as aforesaid, duly signed, verified and certified, according to the Directions of this Act, within the Time hereinbefore limited for making such Returns, and delivering the same to the Clerk of the Peace; or if any such Clerk or Treasurer shall wilfully omit any Matter or Thing required to be stated in such Return, or shall wilfully make a false or inaccurate Return, or wilfully mistake any Thing therein, every such Clerk or Treasurer so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in case such Offence shall be committed in England; in case of such Offence being committed within a County Palatine, in the Courts of Record of such County; and in the Great Session of the Principality of Wales, in case the Offence shall be committed in Wales; and in the Court of Session of Scotland, in case the Offence shall be committed in that Part of Great Britain.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every such Clerk of the Peace shall provide a Book or Books of sufficient Size for the Purpose, and shall, previous to the transmitting such Returns to the Office of the Secretary of State as hereinbefore directed, cause all such Returns to be fairly and accurately copied into such Book or Books; which said Book or Books shall for ever thereafter remain in the respective Offices of the said Clerks of the Peace, who are hereby required to allow any Person or Persons desirous of inspecting the said Copies of the said Returns, and paying for such Inspection the Sum of Two Shillings, to inspect the same, and to grant a Copy or Copies of any such Returns so entered in such Book or Books, to any Person or Persons requiring the same, taking for the Copy or Copies so granted from such Book or Books, the Sum of Five Shillings for the Copy of each Return, and no more.

X. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid and allowed for the Trouble and Expenses incurred by the Persons employed in carrying into effect the Purposes of this Act, the Sums following; to every Clerk of the Peace for every Return received by them and copied into such Book or Books, and transmitted to the Office of the Secretary of State as aforesaid, the Sum of Two Guineas, also the further Sum of Five Shillings from each Trust within the County or Division for which such Clerk of the Peace shall act, to be paid to the Clerk of the Peace, as full Compensation and Payment of all Expenses which such Clerk of the Peace shall have incurred and been put to in inserting such Notice in the Newspapers, or transmitting Copies of the Schedule to this Act to the respective Clerks and Treasurers to the Trustees of Turnpike Roads, where the Residence of such Clerks and Treasurers shall be known, and such Copies shall have been forwarded to them, or otherwise in the execution of this Act, and to the said Clerks and Treasurers such Expenses, if any, which they shall have actually incurred, and been put off in going before a Justice or Justices m

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 95. 427

the Peace, to sign their Return, or otherwise, in consequence of this Act; and all such Sum and Sums of Money shall be respectively paid out of the Funds of the Trusts in respect of which the Return shall be made, and the several Trustees are hereby authorised and required to order the said Sums to be paid by their Treasurer, and to allow the same in his Accounts.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted and directed to be recovered before a Justice or Justices of the Peace by this Act, shall, if not immediately paid, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by virtue of a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace having Jurisdiction where such Offender shall dwell, rendering to the said Offender the Overplus, (if any) after the Charge of such Distress and Sale shall be deducted; and every Forfeiture by this Act incurred, when recovered, shall be paid One half to the Informer, and the other half to such Public Charity as may be directed by the convicting Justices of the Peace.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Return shall be required in respect of the Line of Road vested in, and repaired and maintained by the Commissioners under an Act passed in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for vesting in Commissioners the Line of Road from Shrewsbury in the County of Salop to Bangor Ferry in the County of Carnarvon; and for discharging the Trustees under several Acts of the Seventeenth, Twenty eighth, Thirty sixth, Forty frsty Forty second, Forty seventh and Fiftieth Years of His present

Majesty, from the future Repair and maintenance thereof and for altering and repealing so much of the said Acts as affects the said Line of Road.

SCHEDULE to which the ACT refers.

RETURN to be made by Clerics and Treasurers to Turnpike

Trusts.

First. — The Name of the Trust, the County or Counties in which the Roads are situate.

Second. — - The Length of Road under the Trust, mentioning the Extremities of each Line of Road, as described in the Act.

Third. — The annual Income of the Trust averaged from the last Three Years; or if the Trust has not existed so long, the Amount of the last Year's Income arising from Tolls.

Fourth. — The Amount of the Debt of the Trust, as it stood at the last Settlement of the Accounts, and the Date of such Settlement, distinguishing the Debt on the Security of the Tolls, and stating the Nature of the Securities by Mortgage or otherwise from the floating Debt; the latter to be made up on the nearest Calculation that can be made.

Fifth. — The annual Expenditure averaged from the last Three Years, (or, if the Trust nas not existed so long) , for the last Year.

Sixth. — The Number of Trustees who have qualified, distinguishing those who have qualified as Land Owners, and those who have qualified on Personal Property.

Seventh.

Payments out of Funds of Trusts.

Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures.

Certain Roads exempted.

59 G. 3. c. 30.

428

C. 95, 96.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Seventh. — The Balances of Accounts of the Treasurer, Clerks, Bankers or Cashiers of the Trust with the Trust at the last Settlement, mentioning the Amount, and whether due to or from such Treasurer, Clerk, Banker or Cashier.

Eighth. — Whether any, and what Sum of Interest is due and unpaid.

Ninth. — Whether any, or what Sinking Fund is established, and if so, what Amount of Debt it has liquidated.

Tenth. — The Dates and Chapters of the several Acts of Parliament from which the Trustees derive their Authority.

To be directed,

The Right Honhte

The Secretary of State for the

Home Department,

Whitehall.

Turnpike Trust Return.

CAP. XCVI.

Sul >al terns, &c. claiming Allowances to take the following Oath.

An Act for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances to Officers and Quartermasters of the said Militia during Peace.

[24th July 1820.]

[This Act is the same as 59 G. 3. c. 117. except as to Dates9 and the Sections that are here inserted.]

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers and Assistant Surgeons of the said Militia, who shall claim under the Authority of this Act to receive any Part of the said Allowances, shall, previous to receiving the same, and in order to entitle themselves thereto, take and subscribe an Oath before some one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in his proper County in the United Kingdom in which they shall respectively be, in the Words or to the Effect following; (tvidelicet),

I A.B. do swear, That I belonged to the

A Regiment of the Militia of Ireland when

the same was disembodied, and that I have continued to serve

therein from that Time until the Day of

inclusive, as a Lieutenant, Ensign, Assistant Sur-

geon, (as the case may be); and that I was not in my own Right or in Right of my Wife, during any Part of the Period for which

I now claim to receive any Allowance, that is to say, from the

Day of to the Day

of both inclusive, in the actual Possession and

Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of such an annual Value above Reprizes as would qualify me to hold a Commission of Captain of 4 a Company in the Militia of a County at large in Ireland; that

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 96. 429

I have not, during the Period last mentioned, held the Appointment of Adjutant or Surgeon in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia; that I did not hold or enjoy, nor did any Person for me hold or enjoy, during the said Period, any Office or

Income whatsoever from the Public or from any other Government, except my Half Pay as a reduced in His

Majesty's Army or Navy or Marines (as the case may be) , besides my Allowance as of the Militia.

So help me GOD. '

Which Oath so taken and subscribed shall be by the said Justice forthwith certified and transmitted, and he is hereby required to certify and transmit the same, to the Paymaster of the Regiment or Battalion of Militia in which such Subaltern Officer or Assistant Surgeon shall be then serving.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That upon such Certificates as aforesaid of such Justice of the Peace and Commanding Officer as aforesaid, or where any Regiment or Battalion of Militia shall not have been called out to their annual Exercise as aforesaid, upon a Certificate of any such Justice of the Peace only being produced to or received by the respective Paymasters, it shall be lawful for such Paymasters, and they are hereby authorised and required to pay to the said Subaltern Officer and Assistant Surgeon, according to their respective Commissions of Lieutenant, Ensign, or Assistant Surgeon, the Allowance above mentioned for Three Months, or other proper Period, on the Twenty fourth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and the other Proportions of the same on the Twenty fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twenty, the Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, without any Deduction whatsoever; the Certificates before mentioned to be by them preserved and produced among the Vouchers for the Payments from time to time made by them in pursuance of this Act.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Noncommissioned Officer or Private Man in the said Militia, entitled to receive any Pension or Allowance on account of Service in the Regular Army from Chelsea Hospital or Kilmainham Hospital, shall forfeit or lose his Right to the same by reason of his serving and receiving Pay in the said Militia.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, every Adjutant of the said Militia who shall have served faithfully, either in His Majesty's Regular Forces or in the said Militia, for the full Term of Twenty Years in the whole, whereof Ten shall have been in Service as an Adjutant of the said Militia, who shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service, shall, on producing to the Paymaster of the Regiment a Certificate of such Service of Twenty Years as aforesaid from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, be entitled to receive, and the Paymaster aforesaid shall be and he is hereby authorised to pay to such Person producing such Certificate as aforesaid, an Allowance at the Rate of Eight Shillings per Day: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such

Allowance

Justices to transmit Oaths to the Paymaster.

Allowances to be paid quarterly without Deductions.

Chelsea or Kilmainham Pensions not to be affected.

Adjutants, after 20 Years' Service, 10 of which as Adjutants of Militia, to receive 8s. per Day; provided they do not hold any Appointment under His Majesty of the Value of Three Times the Amount of such Allowance.

C. 96. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Hie like as to Surgeons, after 'JO Years' Service, to receive 6s. per Day.

Quartermasters, after 50 Years* Service, to receive an Allowance after the Rate of their Pay while Militia is disembodied.

The like Proviso in case of holding Appointments.

Allowance as aforesaid who shall have served for a less Term than Ten Years as an Adjutant in the said Militia, or who shall hold any Military Office or Employment of Profit under His Majesty, or any Civil Office or Employment under His Majesty, the annual Profits or Emoluments of which shall exceed Three Times the Amount of the said Allowance of Eight Shillings a Day: Provided also, that no such Adjutant shall lose any Right he may have to Half Pay or Out Pension by reason of receiving such Allowance as aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Surgeon of the said Militia, having faithfully served either in His Majesty's Regular Forces or in the Militia for the full Term of Twenty Years, shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service, he shall, on producing to the Paymaster of the Regiment a Certificate of such Service of Twenty Years in the whole, Ten of which he shall have served as a Surgeon of Militia, from the Commanding Officer of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, be entitled to receive, and the said Paymaster shall be and he is hereby authorised and required to pay to such Person producing such Certificate as aforesaid, an Allowance at the Rate of Six Shillings per Day: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid who shall hold any Military Office or Employment of Profit under His Majesty, or any Civil Office or Employment under His Majesty, the annual Profits or Emoluments of which shall exceed Three Times the Amount of the said Allowance of Six Shillings a Day; hut no Person receiving such Allowance shall by reason thereof forfeit his* Right to any Half Pay to which he may be entitled.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, any Quartermaster of the said Militia who shall have served faithfully, either in His Majesty's Regular Forces or in the said Militia, for the full Term of Thirty Years in the whole, whereof Fifteen shall have been as a Quartermaster of the said Militia, who shall have been or shall be by Age or Infirmity reh-dered unfit for further Service, shall, on producing to the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor, or Governors of Ireland, or in his Absence to the Under Secretary, a Certificate of such Service of Thirty Years as aforesaid, from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, and obtaining from such Chief Secretary, or in his Absence such Under Secretary, an Order founded upon such Certificate, be entitled to receive, and the Paymaster of the Regiment shall be and is hereby authorised to pay such Person, an Allowance at the Rate of his Pay when serving in the said Militik while disembodied; Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid who shall hold any Military Office or Employment of Profit under His Majesty, or any Civil Office or Employment under His Majesty, the annual Profits or Emoluments of which shall exceed Three Times the Amount of the said Allowance: Provided also, that no such Quartermaster shall, by reason of receiving such Allowance as aforesaid, forfeit any Right which he may have to Half Pay or Qut Pension, bifl

431 A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 96, 97, 98.

shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

CAP. XCVII.

An Act to revive and to continue, for One Year, the several Acts for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland.

[24th July 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland, which was to continue in force until the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and thenceforth until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer; and the said Act was amended by Two Acts made in the Fifty fourth and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty: And Whereas by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, such Laws as may expire within a limited Period, it was enacted, that all Laws then in force, and which would expire at the End of that Session of Parliament, should be and continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty: And Whereas it is expedient that the said recited Acts of the Fifty third, Fifty fourth and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty should be revived and further continued Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year aforesaid, as the same is amended by the said Acts of the Fifty fourth and Fifty sixth Years aforesaid, shall be and the same is and are hereby revived and continued, and shall be and remain in force from trie passing of this Act for One whole Year, and no longer; and that all Acts, Matters and Things which at any time since the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, have been done in the Execution of the said recited Acts, or either of them, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

CAP. XCVIII.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of His late Majesty, for the Establishment of Asylums for the Lunatic Poor in Ireland.

[24th July 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty seventh Year of His late Majesty's Reign, for the Establishment of Asylums for the Lunatic Poor in Ireland: And Whereas it is expedient to provide for the Rent, Purchase and Valuation of the Scites on which such Lunatic Asylums or any Part or Parts thereof shall be built:* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of

55 G. 3. c. 138.

f»0 G. 3. & l G. 4. c. 1C.

Recited Act,

53 G. 3. c. 138. as amended, further continued.

57 G.3. c. 106.

C. 9S.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Iii what case

Commissioners may rent or purchase Premises for erecting Lunatic Asyli^ms.

Bodies Cor* I>orate, tec, may sell and convey Premises for such Purposes.

Commissioners to be Trustees of such Premises, tec.

Sheriffs to proceed in valuing Premises as they are empowered to do in valuation of Scites of Gaols under 50 G. 3. c. 103.

Powers of Commissioners for building Gaols to extend to Commissioners for building Lunatic Asylums.

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in each and every case where an Order of Council for the Erection of a District Lunatic Asylum shall have been made and published in the Dublin Gazette, as in the said recited Act is provided, the Commissioners appointed under the said Act for general Controul and Correspondence shall have full Power and Authority to rent or purchase any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments on which it shall be proposed to erect or maintain any such District Lunatic Asylum; and any Houses, Lands, Tenements, Buildings or Hereditaments so rented or purchased shall and may be conveyed to the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, and to their Heirs and Successors, in Trust to and for the Uses and Purposes of the said District Lunatic Asylum.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic and Corporate, Trustees, Guardians of Infants, Committees of Lunatics, Femes Covert with their Husbands, and all other Persons whatsoever who are or shall be seized or possessed of, interested in, or entitled unto any Estate or Interest whatsoever in the Lands, Houses, Grounds, Tenements, Buildings or Hereditaments which by the said Commissioners shall be thought necessary to be rented or purchased for any of the Purposes of this Act, by Deeds indented and enrolled to demise, sell and convey all or any such Grounds, Houses, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, and all the respective Estates and Interests therein, to the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, and their Heirs and Successors; and that all Contracts, Agreements, Bargains, Sales and Conveyances that shall be so made, shall be good and valid in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and that such Commissioners, and their Heirs and Successors, shall be Trustees of all such Houses, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments as shall be conveyed to or vested in them under and by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes herein provided, and for no other.

III. And for the better ascertaining the Rent or Value of such Scite, Scites, or Part or Parts thereof, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, to issue a Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, to the Sheriff of the County, or of the City or County of the Town wherein the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments proposed to be purchased are lying and being, and such Sheriff or Sheriffs respectively shall thereupon proceed to take such Steps for the Valuation of such Scite as are prescribed for the Valuation of Scites of Gaols by virtue of an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Repeal of the Laws affecting Prisons in Ireland, and for re-enacting such of the Provisions thereof as shall have been found usefulf with Amendments.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers vested in the Commissioners for building Gaols in the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, are hereby vested in the Commissioners of general Controul and Correspondence for the District Lunatic Asylums of Ireland, or any Three of them, so far

as the same relate to holding a Court, and proceeding to the

Valuation

A.D. 1820.

1° GEO. IV. C. 98, 99.

433

Valuation of the Scite on which any District Lunatic Asylum shall or may be erected under and by virtue of the hereinbefore recited Act of the Fifty seventh Year of His late Majesty's Reign.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every of the Pro- Provisions of

visions of the said Act of the Fiftieth of His late Majesty's Reign, 'L103 *

as affecting the Purchase and Valuation of Scites, the Notices,

Proceedings, Summonses, Verdicts and Judgments, Conveyances, iuation of Scite* Enrolments, Lodgments of Consideration, Petitions to the High to extend to Court of Chancery in Ireland, Payments of Purchase Money, and this Act. Rights and Titles of Parties interested, shall be held to apply to

the Valuation of Scites for Lunatic Asylums under this Act; and such Verdicts, Judgments and Conveyances shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every Persons to be Case when a Jury shall be impannelled and sworn for the Valua- appointed by tion of a Scite for a District Lunatic Asylum as aforesaid, it shall

and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or any Three of Lord of them, to appoint, by an Instrument in Writing under their Lieutenant, to Hands and Seals, by and with the Approbation of the Lord Lieu- preside in Court tenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors in Council, not less *£ receive Verdian Six Persons or more than Twelve, Three of whom shall be fac^e*where competent to act on behalf of the said Commissioners in presiding Question* of at such Court, and receiving the Verdicts of such Jury as shall be Valuation are held and impannelled for the Valuation of such Scite; such Per- so referred, sons so appointed and approved of being Magistrates for One or more of the Counties, Counties of Cities, or Counties of Towns, comprehended within the District for which such Asylums respectively are to be built; and the Acts of such Magistrates, or any Three of them, shall be of equal Force and Validity with those of the Commissioners themselves, so far as holding a Court for the Valuation of a Scite, and performing the Duties necessary for such Valuation, as prescribed by the Act of the Fiftieth Year of His late Majesty's Reign aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Rent or Purchase Rent or Pur-

Money so fixed and ascertained as aforesaid shall be provided chase Money for out of the General Funds for the Erection of and Main- J^Groend tenance of Lunatic Asylums, by virtue of the hereinbefore recited punj unde, Act of the Fifty seventh Year of His late Majesty's Reign. 57 q, 5, c.ioc.

CAP. XCIX.

An Act to enable the East India Company to raise and maintain a Corps of Volunteer Infantry.

[24th July 1820.]

WHEREAS the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, are willing, and have offered to His Majesty, at their own Expense, to raise and maintain a Corps of Volunteer Infantry, not exceeding Eight hundred Rank and File, from amongst the Persons in the Employ of the said Company; and such Offer having been submitted to His Majesty's Royal Consideration, His Majesty hath approved thereof; but by reason of the Appropriation of the Revenues of the said United Company to and for the Purposes mentioned in an Act

of Parliament made in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His 53 G.3. c. 155* 4 late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for con- Geo. IV. F f 4 tinning

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

434: C. 99, 100.

East India Company to defray the Expense of a Corps of Volunteers.

Expense to be paid out of Commercial Fund.

Employment of the Corps.

[Public Act.]

tinuing in the East India Company, for a farther Term, the Potsession of the British Territories in India, together with certain exclusive Privileges; for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the said Territories, and the better Administration of Justice within the same; and for regulating the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the said Company's Charter,

the said United Company cannot pay the Charges of the said Corps without the Authority of Paniament; and it is expedient that the said United Company should be enabled to pay the same Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said United Company, from time to time, to defray all and every the Charges and Expenses of raising, training, clothing, arming, paying and maintaining the said Corps, as long as the Services thereof shall be accepted by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, the said Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, or any Appropriation, Matter, Clause or Thing therein contained, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expenses of the said Corps shall be defrayed out of the Commercial Funds of the said Company.

III. And be it further enacted, That such Corps of Volunteers' so raised and maintained by the said United Company, shall and may be employed upon such Service and for such Purposes, upon and for which other Volunteer Corps lawfully embodied may be lawfully called and employed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

CAP. C.

An Act for amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament, Two several Acts, passed in the Thirty sixth and Thirty ninth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the better ordering and further regulating of the Militia of the City of London.

[24th July 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament, Two several Acts, passed in the Thirty fourth and Thirty fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better ordering of ike Militia of the City of London, and for the further regulating of the Trained Bands or Militia of the

39 G. 3. c. 82. 4 said City: And Whereas another Act was passed in the thirty

ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to explain and amend an Actf passed in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament, Two several

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 100. 435

Acts, passed in the Thirty fourth and Thirty fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better ordering the Militia of the City of London, and for the further regulating the Trained Bands or Militia of the said City: And Whereas it is expedient that the said recited Act should be repealed, and that further and other Powers and Provisions should be granted and

enacted for the raising, training and regulating of the said ' Militia Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and repealed, after the passing of this Act, the said recited Acts, passed in the Thirty sixth and Thirty ninth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty, shall be and the same are hereby repealed; and that

instead thereof this Act shall commence and take effect: Provided Proviso for nevertheless, that the repealing of the said Acts shall not annul Proceeding* of or in anywise affect any Proceedings had by His Majesty's Com- Commi*. missioners of Lieutenancy for the City of London, who are in and «onereofLieu-by the said Acts appointed and authorised to execute the same. 09X1

II. And be it further enacted, That His Majesty's Commis- Commissioners sioners of Lieutenancy that now are and hereafter shall be con- to arm, anr*y, stituted and appointed for the City of London, shall have full Militia, and Power and Authority, and are hereby required, to call together,

arm, array, and cause to be trained and exercised, the Militia of the said City, once in every Year, and at such other times, and in such manner as hereinafter directed; and the said Commissioners shall from time to time constitute and appoint a Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, Major and other Officers, qualified as hereinafter directed, to train, discipline and command the Persons so to be armed and arrayed, according to the Rules, Orders and Directions hereinafter mentioned; and the Officers so appointed shall Rank a* in have the same Rank in the Army As the Officers of the rest of the other Militia Militia Forces of this Kingdom. Forces.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Commission of any Vacating of Officer, granted by His Majesty's said Commissioners of Lieute- Officers* Com-nancy for the City of London in pursuance of this Act, shall be missions, vacated by reason of the Revocation, Expiration or Discontinuance of the Commission by which such Commissioners were appointed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Person to be ap- Officers to pos-pointed an Officer of the said Militia in pursuance of this Act, shall *ess certain possess the like Qualification with respect to Property, as those Qualifications, of the same Rank, in all Cities and Towns which are Counties Qmt£ within themselves, are or may be directed to possess, by any Act £>c-which now is or hereafter may be in force, for regulating the claration as to Militia of England; and every Commissioned Officer shall take their Qualifi-the Oaths, and make, repeat and subscribe the Declaration, by cation *

any such Act required to be taken, made, repeated and subscribed; and the Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, Major and Captains in the said Militia, shall be Freemen of the City of London, and shall also take an Oath, and subscribe a Declaration, before the said Commissioners, who are hereby authorised and directed to administer the said Oath, and receive the said Declaration, that they possess the Qualifications required by this Act; and every

F f 2 Lieu-

C. 100.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Bankrupt!, &c. not to be Officer*.

Establishment of Militia.

Commission* to be inserted in Gasette.

Acting without being qualified, or without delivering in a Description of Qualification, Penalty 50L

Having been Bankrupt, &c. and acting as Officer, Penalty 100).

Lieutenant and Ensign in the said Militia shall he a Freeman, or the Son of a Freeman of the City of London, and shall also take, if required by the said Commissioners, an Oath, and subscribe a Declaration, before the said Commissioners^ who are hereby authorised to administer the said Oath and receive the said Declaration, that they possess the Qualifications required by this Act.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who has been a Bankrupt, or taken the Benefit of any Insolvent Act, or compounded with his Creditors, and not paid Twenty Shillings in the Pound; shall be eligible to be a Commissioned Officer in the said London Militia.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Number of Private Men serving for the Militia of the City of London and the Liberties thereof, shall be Six hundred, to be formed into One Regiment, consisting of Eight Companies, besides a Grenadier and Light Infantry Company; the Field Officers shall be One Colonel, One Lieutenant Colonel, and One Major, and there shall be One Captain, One Lieutenant, and One Ensign to each Company, except to the Grenadier and Light Infantry Companies, to each of which there shall be appointed Two Lieutenants instead of One Lieutenant and One Ensign; and the Clerk of the said Commissioners shall cause to be inserted in the London Gazette the Date of the Commissions, and Names and Rank of the Officers, together with the Names of the Officers in whose Room they are appointed, in like Manner as Commissions in the Army are published from the War Office; and the Expense of such Insertions in the Gazette shall be allowed to the said Clerk in passing his Accounts.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall execute any of the Powers hereby directed to be executed by the Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, or Major in the said Militia, not being qualified as aforesaid, or without having delivered a specific Description of his Qualification to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and if any Person shall execute any of the Powers hereby directed to be executed by Captains in the said Militia, not being qualified as aforesaid, or without having delivered a specific Description of his Qualification to the said Clerk or Treasurer, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if any Person shall execute any of the Powers hereby directed to be executed by Lieutenants or Ensigns in the said Militia, without having delivered a specific Description of hjs Qualification to the said Clerk or Treasurer, if required so to do by the said Commissioners, every such Person snail forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and if any Person shall execute any of the Powers hereby directed to be executed by the Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, Major, Captains, Lieutenants or Ensigns in the said Militia, after having been a Bankrupt, or after having taken the Benefit of any Insolvent Act, or after having compounded with his Creditors, and not paid Twenty Shillings in the Pound, every sudi Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds; One Moiety of which said several and respective Penalties shall go to the Use of the Person who shall sue for the same; and in every Action, Suit or

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 100. 437

Information brought against any Person for acting as Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, Major or Captain in the said Militia, not being qualified as aforesaid, the Proof of his Qualification (except On whom Proof as to his Bankruptcy, or having taken the Benefit of an Insolvent of Qualification Act, or compounding with his Creditors) , shall lie upon the Person Bhafl he. against whom the same is brought.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Private Men of the Men to be pro-said Regiment of Militia, and which shall be distinguished by the Tided by the Name of The Roual London Militia, shall be provided by the ^anJf!ncer" several Wards of the City, and the Liberties and Precincts within |f^jropor' the same, in the Proportions following; that is to say; by the

Wards of Aldersgate Within, Nine Men; Aldersgate Without, Ten Men; Aldgate, Thirty Men; Bassishaw, Six Men; Billingsgate,

Twenty one Men; Bishopsgate Within, Twenty two Men; Bishopsgate Without, Twenty five Men; Bread Street, Twelve Men;

Bridge, Thirteen Men; Broad Street, Twenty five Men; Candle-trich, Ten Men; Castle Baynard, Twenty two Men; Cheap,

Twenty two Men; Coleman Street, Eighteen Men; Cordwainer,

Eleven Men; Cornhill, Eighteen Men; Cripplegate Within, Twenty two Men; Cripplegate Without, Eighteen Men; Dowgate, Fourteen Men; Farringdon Within, Forty two Men; Farringdon Without, Ninety six Men; Langbourne, Thirty four Men; Lime Street, Ten Men; Portsoken, Twenty three Men; Queenhithe,

Ten Men; Tower, Thirty three Men; Vintry, Eleven Men;

Walbrook, Thirteen Men.

IX. And bejt further enacted, That for the Purpose of raising CommianoiMro the said Number of Men by this Act required to be provided, the to Fro-said Commissioners at their Courts shall and are hereby required e*Pto Waf*-to issue Precepts to the Aldermen, Deputies and Common Coun-

cilmen of the several Wards of the said City, and Liberties thereof, requiring them to cause the Number of Men hereinbefore directed to be raised in their respective Wards, to be provided; and the Aldermen, Deputies and Common Councilmen of such Wards, or the major Part of them, shall provide the Number of Men directed to be raised in their respective Wards, and who shall be fit and able 'Men, and be approved by Two or more of the said Commissioners; and the Aldermen or Deputies and Common Councilmen of the several Wards aforesaid, or the major Part of them, shall and are hereby authorised and empowered to give unto such Men, so to be provided, such Bounty as may be found expedient, to serve in the said Militia for such Ward; and Courts to be the said Commissioners shall appoint a Court or Courts to be Golden to ro-holden, not less than Twenty Days, nor more than Sixty Days, cei?* ftetunw-after issuing such Precepts, to receive a Return of the Names and Places of Abode of such Persons as shall be so provided; and the Aldermen or Deputies and Common Councilmen of the several Wards aforesaid, or the major Part of them, shall direct the Constables, Beadles or other Ward Officers, to give Notice in Writing to every Person so provided, personally to appear at such Court or Courts, or before such Commissioners as may be appointed by any Court or Courts, to receive, inspect and attest them, which inspection, &c. Notice shall be given at his or their usual Place of Abode, at least of Men.

Six Days before the time appointed for their said Appearance; and such Constable, Beadle or other Officer, shall appear at such

438

C. 100.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Oath to be taken by Men.

Ward Officers making Default.

[Penalty.]

In case of Deficiency of Men, fresh Precepts to be issued for, others to be provided, or 151. to be paid by the Ward for each Man wanting.

Wards refusing, &c. to provide Men, Ac.

Court or Courts, or before such Commissioners to be appointed as aforesaid, and make Return on Oath of the Days when such Notices were served; and every Person so provided shall, upon such Notice, appear at such Court or before such Commissioners to be appointed as aforesaid; and if approved there, shall be attested, and take an Oath in the Words or to the Effect following; that is to say,

I A.B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King George, His 4 Heirs and Successors, and that I will faithfully serve in the Militia of London, in any Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain, 4 for the Defence of the same, for the Term of Five Years, or for such further Time as the Militia shall remain embodied, if within the Space of Five Years His Majesty shall order and direct the Militia to be drawn out and embodied, unless I shall be sooner discharged. '

And it shall be lawful for any one of the said Commissioners to administer the said Oath; and in case the said Constable, Beadles or other Ward Officers, or any of them, shall neglect or refuse to

five the said Notice in Writing, in manner aforesaid, to every 'erson so provided, to appear as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse to appear and make Return on Oath of the Service of such Notice, in manner aforesaid; every such Constable, Beadle or other Ward Officer, so neglecting or refusing, in either or both of the said Cases, shall forfeit and pay for each Offence any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Men provided by or for the several Wards of the said City and Liberties shall not appear, or shall not be approved by Two or more of the said Commissioners, or shall not be duly attested at the Court or Courts, or before the said Commissioners so to be appointed for that Purpose; or if any Militia Man shall, before the Expiration of the Term for which he was to serve, die, or be discharged in pursuance of the Sentence of a Court Martial, or by the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the said Militia, as unfit for Service, or be otherwise regularly discharged; and when and so often as the Time of Service of any Man serving in the said Militia shall expire; then and in either of the said Cases, the said Commissioners may and are hereby required immediately to issue Precepts to the said Aldermen, Deputies and Common Councilmen of the Ward or WTards wherein such Deficiency or Vacancy shall happen, requiring them or the major Part of them, within Ten Days next following, to make good such Deficiency or Vacancy, or to provide other Men, or pay to the said Commissioners the Sum of Fifteen Pounds for each Man, in order that they may provide the same; and that if the Alderman or Deputy and Common Councilmen of any of the Wards aforesaid, or the major Part of them, shall omit or refuse to provide the Quota or Number of Men herein appointed to be raised by or for their respective Wards, or having provided the said Quota or Number of Men, any of them shall not be approved of, or shall refuse or neglect to appear and take the Oath and be attested as hereinbefore mentioned, or shall die or be discharged, and others shall not be provided in their stead

1 GEO. IV, C. 10Q.

as aforesaid, the said Ward shall in lieu thereof be charged with and pay to the said Commissioners or their Treasurer, the Sum of Fifteen Pounds for every Man not so provided, sworn in and attested, which Sum or Sums of Money shall be applied by the said Commissioners in providing Men for the Wards which shall have paid the same, who shall be sworn in and attested to serve for the same Time and on the same Conditions as if they had been provided by the Aldermen and Deputies and Common Councilmen of such Wards respectively as hereinbefore is directed; and if any Surplus of such Monies shall remain, the same shall be paid to the said Commissioners of Lieutenancy in aid of the Trophy Tax, and be accounted for accordingly.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the Aldermen or Deputies and Common Councilmen of the several Wards of the said City and Liberties, or the major Part of them, shall and they are hereby authorised and empowered from time to time, as Occasion shall require, to make an equal Rate upon all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Guilds, Mysteries, Fraternities and Brotherhoods, whether Corporate or not Corporate, and the Owners or Occupiers of Public Offices and Buildings, who do or shall inhabit, hold, occupy, possess or enjoy any Land, House, Shop, Warehouse, Vault, Cellar or other Tenements or Hereditaments within the said several Wards, and the Liberties and Precincts within the same, regard being had in making the said Rate to the Abilities of, and likewise to the Rent paid by the said several Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Guilds, Mysteries, Fraternities and Brotherhoods, whether Corporate or not Corporate, and the Owners and Occupiers of Public Offices and Buildings, to defray the Expense of raising and maintaining the Quota or Number of Men to serve in the said Militia hereinbefore directed to be provided by or for the several and respective Wards aforesaid, and all other incidental Charges relating thereto.

XH. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Assessment to be made as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for them respectively to appeal to the Court of Mayor and Alderman of the said City, whose Decision shall be final and conclusive: Provided always, that Notice of such Appeal shall be left in Writing at the Office of the Town Clerk of the said City, within Ten Days after the Sum so rated and assessed shall be demanded; and such Appeal shall be made to the next Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City, after such Notice shall be so left as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Guilds, Mysteries, Fraternities and Brotherhoods, whether Coroorate or not Corporate, or the Owners and Occupiers of Public Offices and Buildings, who shall be rated and assessed by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall refuse or neglect by the Space of Fourteen Days next after his or their respective Kate or Rates* Assessment or Assessments, shall be due and demanded by the Collector or Collectors, authorised and appointed either by the Alderman or his Deputy and Common Councilmen for the time being in each Ward, or the major Part

43 9

charged 151. for each Man.

Surplus of Monies how applied.

Aldermen, &c. to make a Rate to defray the Expenses of raising Men.

Appeal from Rates to the Court of Mayor and Aldermen.

Notice.

Final.

Rates not paid.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

440

C. 100.

of them, or by the said Commissioners, in case the said Alderman, Deputy and Common Councilmen, or the major Part of them, shall refuse, omit and neglect to make the Rate or Assessment, and appoint such Collectors as hereinafter directed to collect and cm Demand receive the same, such Demand being left in Writing by the said made in Writ- Collector or Collectors at the Land, House, Shop, Warehouse, , nS> Vault, Cellar or other Tenement, Hereditaments, Premises or other

Property possessed, rented or occupied by him, her or them, to pay silcn Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments so demanded as aforesaid (unless Notice of Appeal shall have been left as aforesaid) , or if any such Notice be left, and if such Appeal shall not be made accordingly at the next Court of Mayor and Alderman of the said City as aforesaid; then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector or Collectors, every or any of them, having a Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of the Mayor or any other Magistrate of the said City, which Warrant or Warrants the said Collector and Collectors is and are hereby required to apply for, and the Mayor or any other Magistrate of the said City is hereby authorised and required to grant, and with the Assistance of a Constable or any Peace Officer of the Ward, County, City or Liberty, where the Person or Persons, Party or Parties so refusing or neglecting shall reside, there to seize and distrain any of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay; and if the same shall not be replevied, or such Rate or Assessment paid within Five Days next after such Distress made, together with the Costs and Charges thereof, then to appraise and sell so much and such Parts of the said Goods and Chattels as shall be sufficient to pay the said Rate or Assessment, and the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and the said Costs and Charges to be settled and allowed by the said Mayor or other Magistrate who shall have granted such Warrant or Warrants respectively; Provided always, that no such Distress shall by virtue of this Act be made out of the Limits of the said City or Liberties thereof, unless such Warrant or Warrants respectively shall be first backed or countersigned by some Magistrate of the County, City or Liberty, where such Distress is proposed to be made, which Warrant or Warrants any Magistrate who shall be applied to for that Purpose shall forthwith and is hereby authorised and required to back or countersign without Fee or Reward.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any such Collector or Collectors shall refuse or neglect to apply for such Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid, or to make such Distress and Sale pursuant to the Directions of this Act, except in cases where such Distress shall be dispensed with by the Alderman or his Deputy, and the Common Councilmen of each respective Ward, or the major Part of them, or by a Court of Commissioners in cases in which His Majesty's Commissioners shall be Assessors by virtue of this Act, by Writing under their Hands, in respect of the Poverty of the Party or Parties assessed, such Collector or Coi-Penahy. lectors shall, for every such Refusal or Neglect, forfeit and pay

any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds; and if any Justice

Distress;

Proceeding *

thereon.

No Distress made out of the City, unless Warrant backed by a Magistrate of the County, &c.

Collector not making Distress, &c.

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C.lOt). 441

tice of the Peace, upon such Application to him made to back or Justice not countersign such Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid, shall refuse bncking War- or neglect so to do, such Justice shall, for every such Refusal p^jty 5j# or Neglect, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds; and if any Constable be called upon by any Collector or Collectors, having ^"nstable not such Warrant or Warrants, and shall refuse or neglect to aid and 1 g* assist him or them m making such Distress and Sale, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Penalty.

Sum of Forty Shillings.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Alderman or his Aldermen, &c. Deputy, and the Common. Councilmen for the time being, in each be the Ward Ward within the said City or Liberties, or the major Part of to!»ppoint Col-them, shall be the Assessors in their respective Wards, to charge lectors with an all and every the Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and CoN Allowance, porate, Guilds, Mysteries, Fraternities and Brotherhoods, whether Corporate or not Corporate, and the Owners or Occupiers of

Public Offices and Buildings, liable to be rated in their respective Wards as hereinbefore directed, and shall likewise be the Assessors of the Trophy Tax hereinafter directed to be continued to be raised and paid, and shall appoint proper Persons to collect the said Rates and Taxes, and pay or allow unto such Collectors any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three Pence in the Pound upon the Money so collected.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if the Alderman or If Aldermen,

Deputy and Common Councilmen of any Ward, or the major &c. neglect to Part of them, shall refuse or neglect to provide all or any of the pro* Men or Men to be raised by such Ward as hereinbefore directed, or to " *

supply such Vacancies as may happen from the Time of Service CommiaJonera of any Man being expired, or from Death or Discharge as afore- may lery and said, according to the Precepts issued to them for that Purpose, apply them; or shall neglect or refuse to pay the Sum of Fifteen Pounds for

every Man not so provided or supplied as aforesaid; and if the said Alderman or Deputy and Common Councilmen of any Ward, or the major Part of them, shall neglect or refuse to make, levy and raise the said Rates, or to assess and levy the Proportion of the Trophy Tax of such Ward, the said Commissioners shall and are hereby further authorised to make, assess, levy and raise the said Rates, and also the Proportion of the Trophy Tax of such Ward, the Alderman or Deputy and Common Councilmen of which shall make such Default, in like Manner and with the like Powers and Authorities as the said Alderman or Deputy and Common Councilmen are hereby empowered to make, raise, levy and assess the same; and the better to enable the said Com- Rate made frommissioners to make the said Rates and assess the said Tax, they the are hereby authorised and empowered, if they find it requisite Tax or and necessary so to do, to call at their Option, either upon the watch Rate; Clerk to the Commissioners of the Land Tax for the City of London to produce before them the Book or Books containing the last Assessment or Assessments of the Land Tax upon each and every of the Wards in the said City, or upon the several Ward Clerks of the said City, to produce before them the Book or Books containing the last Rate or Rates for defraying the Expense of paving, lighting, and cleansing the said City; and the and may call 'said Clerk or Clerks i3 or are hereby respectively required to for the last

produce A*e«n«n«.

442

C. 100.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

from the Clerk, who is to produce it and give Copies.

Penalty 20l.

If Deserters or Absentees be not taken, &c. in Three Months, Commissioners to provide Men out of Trophy Tax.

Deserters compellable to serve.

Men to be provided to serve instead of those promoted.

Adjutant, Surgeon, Paymaster and Quartermaster, to be appointed.

Pay, Scc.

Proportion of Noncommissioned Officers apd Drummers.

Oath.

produce the said Assessments or Rates when called upon, and also to furnish the said Commissioners with Copies of such Parts as may be by them required "of him or them, upon receiving a reasonable Compensation or Allowance for his or their Trouble therein; and in case he or they or any of them shall neglect or refuse to produce such Book or Books, Rate or 'Rates, or to furnish such Copies, he or they respectively shall, for every such Neglect or Refusal, forfeit and pay not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and the said Commissioners shall apply the said Rates when received and recovered, in providing the Quota of Men, or so many of them as shall be wanting, for the Ward so neglecting or refusing, and to the other Purposes of this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Militia Man serving in the said Militia, shall desert or absent himself from his Duty, and shall not return or be taken within the Space of Three Calendar Months from the Time of his so deserting or absenting himself, then, upon Certificate thereof from the Commanding Officer of the said Militia to the said Commissioners of Lieutenancy, at any of their Courts of Lieutenancy, the said Commissioners shall and are hereby required, out of the Trophy Tax raised for the said City, within Ten Days next following, to provide another Man in the Place of him so deserting; and m case such Militia Man shall at any time return or be taken, he shall, notwithstanding any Person shall have been provided to serve in his room, be compelled to serve in the same manner and for the same Time as if no Person had been provided in his room.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the Privates serving in the said Militia shall be promoted to the Rank of Serjeants or Corporals therein, and the Commanding Officer of the said Militia snail certify such Promotion to the said Commissioners, then the said Commissioners shall and are hereby required, out of the Trophy Tax raised for the said City, to provide another Man or Men to serve in the lieu and stead of such Private or Privates so promoted.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner* shall appoint an Adjutant, Surgeon, Paymaster and Quartermaster to the said Militia, under the like Regulations as other Officers of the same Rank are now or hereafter shall be appointed, under and by virtue of any Actv or Acts for regulating the other Militia Forces of this Kingdom; and all such Officers shall receive the same Pay, Allowances and Appointments, as Officers of the same Rank receive and are entitled to in the other Militia Forces of this Kingdom.

XX. And be it further enacted, That Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, -shall be appointed to the said Militia, in the same Proportions and under the like Regulations as is directed by any Act which now is or hereafter shall be in force for regulating the Militia of England; and all Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers shall take the following Oath; that is to say,

I A.B. do sincerely promise and 6wear, That I will be faithful

and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King George, His

Heirs and Successors; and that I will faithfully serve in the c Militia of London in any Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain,

for the Defence of the same, until I shall be legally discharged* '

1° GEO. IV. C. 100. 443

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Militia, or at least One Half thereof appointed as aforesaid; shall, when disembodied, be trained and exercised Once in every Year for Twenty eight Days together, at such Time and Place as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners; and during such Time as the said Militia shall be assembled for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, the Officers, Noncommissioned Officers, Drummers, and Privates of the said Militia, shall be subject to the same Laws, Rules and Regulations, as the other Militia Forces of this Kingdom now are or hereafter shall be subject to, when called out for their annual Exercise.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That Notice of the Time and Place of Exercise of the said Militia shall be sent by the Clerk of the said Commissioners to the Ward Clerks, Beadles, or other Officers of the several Wards of the said City, with Directions to cause such Notice to be affixed on the Doors of the Churches or Chapels in their respective Wards; and all such Militia Men shall duly attend at the Time and Place of Exercise according to such Notice; and the said Clerk shall, at least Ten Days before the Time appointed for the annual Exercise, transmit to the Colonel of the said Militia, or to such Person as shall be by him appointed to receive the same, a full and true List, specifying the Name, Place of Abode, and Date of Enrolment of all Persons enrolled to serve in the said Militia, and shall in like manner cause a Duplicate of such List to be sent to the Adjutant.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing, and Stores belonging to the said Militia, when not on Duty or embodied, shall be kept in such convenient Place as the said Commissioners shall appoint.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioned and Noncommissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men of the said Militia, shall receive the same Pay, Clothing and Contingencies, and in like Manner, as those of the other Militia Forces of this Kingdom, and no other; and that the Pay, Clothing, Money, Contingent Expenses, and Allowances of the said Militia, when disembodied, shall be issued in the same Manner as is or shall be directed by any Act which now is or hereafter shall be in force for defraying the Charges of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Great Britain, and the same shall be subject to the Regulations directed by or contained in any such Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of the said Militia shall and is hereby required, as often as the same shall be called out to annual Exercise, as before directed, and within Fourteen Days after the Time of assembling, to return to the said Commissioners a true State of such Regiment; and in case the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the said Militia shall refuse or neglect, for the Space of Three Calendar Months after the said annual Exercise, so to do, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which His Majesty is or shall be authorised to draw out and embody the Militia of England, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to order and direct the said Commissioners with all convenient Speed to

draw

Militia to be^ exercised Twenty eight successive Days annually.

Notice of Exercise to be affixed on Church Doors, &c. and Lists of Men enrolled sent to ColoneL

Where Arms, &c. to be kept.

Pay, Clothing, &c. of Militia.

State of Regiment, when called out to annual Exercise, returned by Colonel to Commissioners.

In case of Invasion, &c. Ilia Majesty may order Militia to be embodied.

C. 100. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Allowance in lieu of Quarters.

Allowance in Keu of Quarters paid out of Trophy Tax.

When Commissioners may appoint an Agent.

Lord Mayor, or any Three Magistrates, may call out permanent Staff for Suppression of Riots, &c.

Subject to Mutiny Act, &c.

Permanent Staff of former Militia to continue One Month after passing this Act j»

draw out and embody the said Militia, or such Part as His Majesty shall in his Wisdom deem necessary, and in such Manner as shall be best adapted to the Danger, and to put the same under the Command of such General Officers as His Majesty shall be pleased to appoint, and to direct the said Militia to be led by its respective Officers into any Part of Great Britain, for the repelling and Prevention of any Invasion, and for the Suppression of any Rebellion or Insurrection within the same.

XXVII. And in order to prevent the Privileges of the said City from being infringed by the billetting or quartering of Soldiers therein, be it further enacted, That the Noncommissioned Officers, Drummers and Fifers, and Private Men serving in the said Militia, shall, when embodied or called out for annual Exercise or in any manner be in actual Service within the City of London, or Liberties thereof, and the Noncommissioned Officers, Drummers and Fifers of the said Militia shall, when disembodied, be allowed in lieu of Quarters at the Rate of One Shilling and Nine Pence per Week each Man, to provide Lodgings, ih addition to their Pay: Provided always, that if it shall appear that any or either of the said Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers or Fifers, have not actually and bona fide resided within the said City, or within One Mile thereof, then and in such case such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Fifer, shall not be entitled to the said Allowance or any Part thereof.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That when the said Militia shall be disembodied, the said Allowance of One Shilling and Nine Pence a Week in lieu of Quarters to the Noncommissioned Officers, Drummers and Fifers serving therein, shall be, charged upon and be defrayed out of the Trophy Tax raised for the said City.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That when the said Militia shall be embodied or drawn out into actual Service, and during the Time they shall continue in actual Service, it shall be lawfiu for the said Commissioners to appoint an Agent to the said Militia, and the said Commissioners shall take Security from such Agent.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That when the Regiment shall be disembodied, the Lord Mayor for the time being, or any Three Magistrates of the said City, shall have Power and Authority to call out the Whole of the Permanent Staff in the Receipt of Daily Pay, or any Part thereof, for the Suppression of Riots, or any other Duty for which their Services may be required, for the better Preservation of the Peace of the said City; and during the Time of their being so called out, they shall be entitled to the same Pay and Allowances as when embodied, and shall also be subject to the Mutiny Act; and the Lord Mayor, or other Magistrates so calling out the said Permanent Staff, or any Part thereof, shall make a Report of his or their having so called out the same, and of his or their Reasons for so doing, to the next Court of Lieutenancy to be held after such calling out.

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Permanent Staff of the said Two Regiments of London Militia, now receiving Pay, shall continue to receive such Pay, and to be subject to the Provisions of the said Two Acts of the Thirty sixth and Thirty ninth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty, for One Calendar Month after the passing of this Act; and that from and

1° GEO. IV. C. 100. 44$

after the Expiration of the said Month this Act shall commence and take effect, with regard to the Permanent Staff of the said Regiment to be raised by virtue of this Act, and the Pay to be received by such Staff: Provided always, that the Serjeant Majors, Noncommis-Serjeants, Corporals, Drum Majors and Drummers, now on Per- tioned Offi-manent Pay, in the said Two Regiments, and who may be desirous cm»*c* to serve in the said Regiment to be raised by virtue of this Act, and who shall take the Oath hereby required to be taken by Consent of Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, shall with' the Approbation Commanding of the Commanding Officer of the said Regiment, but not other- Officer, wise, be at Liberty so to do; but no Vacancy occasioned by the Death, Discharge or Removal of any such Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, shall be filled up, until the Number of such Serjeants,

Corporals and Drummers shall be reduced below the Number of Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers which the said Regiment is allowed by virtue of this Act.

XXXII. And Whereas in consequence of the Repeal by this Pky received Act of the said Two ^cts passed in the Thirty sixth and Thirty by Adjutants *

ninth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the

Third, the Adjutants, Surgeons, Paymasters and Quartermasters

of the said Two Regiments of London Militia, who are now mnd Allowances receiving Pay as Staff Officers of the said Regiments, and the received by

Lieutenants, Ensigns and Surgeons* Mates of the said Two Lieutenants,

4 Regiments who are now entitled to an Allowance, as having &c-tobeconbeen actually serving in the said Militia at the Time of its being mentioned61*111 4 disembodied, under and by virtue of the annual Act passed to under the like defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and contingent Ex- Regulations as penses of the disembodied Militia of Great Britain, will cease they no *

4 to be entitled to such Pay and Allowances, unless Provision is ceiTe the *roe-

made to the contrary by this Act; and it is just that such Persons should continue to receive the same Pay and Allowances, under the like Regulations and Restrictions as they now receive the same; Be it therefore further enacted, That every Adjutant, Surgeon, Paymaster and Quartermaster, now serving in the said Two Regiments of London Militia, and receiving Pay, and who shall not be elected or appointed to any Commission or Office in the Regiment to be raised under and by virtue of this Act, and every Lieutenant, Ensign and Surgeon's Mate now serving in the said Regiments, and receiving any Allowance by virtue of any Act now m force for defraying the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and contingent Expenses of the disembodied Militia of Great Britain, shall continue to be entitled to receive the same Pay or Allowance as he now receives, subject to such Regulations and Restrictions as now or hereafter shall be in force in relation thereto, by any Act or Acts for defraying of the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and contingent Expenses of the disembodied Militia of Great Britain; and such Pay and Allowances shall be issued to the Paymaster of the Regiment to be raised by virtue of this Act, and shall be by him paid to the several Persons who shall be entitled to receive the same, in the like Manner as the present Pay and Allowances are issued to the respective Paymasters of the said Two Regiments, and under the like Regulations, or such other Regulations as may be directed by any future Act or Acts, having relation to the disembodied Militia of Great Britain:

C. 100. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Proviso for reappointing Adjutants, &c.

Proviso for Officers in former Militia retaining Rank.

Militia to enjoy the same Rights to the Artillery Ground as the former Militia.

Charges of the Militia to be defrayed according to Stat. 13 & 14 Car. 2. c. , 3.

Commissioners to appoint a Treasurer and Clerk.

Account of Trophy Tax delivered to

Provided nevertheless, that nothing contained in this Act shall be deemed to disqualify the Adjutants, Surgeons, Paymasters or Quartermasters now serving and entitled to receive disembodied Pay, from being reappointed to the same Rank which they now hold, and from executing the Duties thereof; any thing contained in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Officers who now hold any Commission in either of the Two Regiments of London Militia raised by virtue of the said Two Acts passed in the Thirty sixth and Thirty ninth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty, and who shall be appointed to any Commission in the Militia to be raised by virtue of this Act, shall, during the Time they shall respectively hold such Commission, retain the same Rank in the Army as they now hold.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Militia to be raised by virtue of this Act shall possess and enjoy the same Rights and Privileges as are reserved or granted to the Militia raised by virtue of the said Two Acts passed in the Thirty sixth and Thirty ninth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty, by any Lease or Leases, granted by the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of London, under which the Honourable the Artillery Company now possess and enjoy the Artillery Ground, situate in the Parish of Saint Luke in the County of Middlesex.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That for defraying the necessary Charges and Incidental Expenses of the said Militia, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to continue to raise and levy as heretofore, in every Year, the Proportion of One Month's Tax, amounting to Four thousand six hundred and sixty six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence, which the said City hath been used to pay by virtue of an Act of Parliament passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom; and no Warrant shall be issued for the raising of any Trophy Money, till the Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of such Justices, at some General or Quarter Sessions for the said City, shall have examined and allowed the Accounts of the Trophy Money last raised, levied and collected, and certified such Examination of the said Accounts, under the Hands and Seals of Three or more of such Justices to the said Commissioners; and the said Justices are hereby required forthwith to examine the said Accounts accordingly.

XXXVI. And, for the better and more speedy Execution of the Premises, be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and are hereby required to appoint One or more Treasurer of Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, for receiving and paying such Monies as shall be received or levied by virtue of this Act, and of all which Receipts and Disbursements the said Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, are, before any new Trophy Tax is raised, to give their Accounts in Writing and upon Oath to the said Commissioners, which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required to administer; and that a Duplicate of the said Accounts, so far as the same relates to the Receipts and Disbursements of the Trophy Tax by the said Commissioners,

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 100. 44?

shall be certified on Oath, and delivered by the said Clerk or Corporation Treasurer to the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the City of before anew London, in Common Council assembled, previous to the making Rate> of any new Rate or Assessment of the Trophy Tax.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Security to be the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to taken from take such Security from the Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or treasurer and Clerks, to be appointed by virtue of this Act, for the due Execution of their respective Offices, as shall be satisfactory to the said Commissioners; and the said Commissioners may make such other Civil Appointments as they may see necessary for carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Col- Collectors of lectors duly appointed for the Collection of the said Proportion of Month^ One Month's Tax as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to perform "eglectlDg his Duty in the Collection thereof, or having collected the same, shall neglect 'or refuse to pay the same to the Treasurer appointed by the said Commissioners, it shall be lawful for any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said City, to summon the Party before him or them, and to fine him for such Neglect or Refusal any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, Penalty, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels (in case such Pine shall not be forthwith paid) , by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any one or more of the said Justices, causing the Overplus, if any, after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to be rendered to the Party; and the Penalty so adjudged shall be paid to the said Treasurer to the said Commissioners, to be applied by him as they shall direct.

XXXIX. And Whereas it is necessary that the said Militia Commissioners

should be provided with an Head Quarters and other proper

Accommodations and Conveniencies for their assembling and &c

mounting Guard when embodied, and for the depositing and the Expenses safe Custody of the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing and Stores out of the Troof the said Militia when disembodied, and for their assembling phy Tex.

4' for their annual Exercise and for other Military Purposes; Be 13 & 14 Cftr* it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty's said Commissioners of Lieutenancy for the City of London, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to pay, expend, and apply so much of the Trophy Tax to be hereafter raised in and for the City of London, under and by virtue of the said Acts passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, and of this Act, as may be necessary and expedient, in, for and towards the providing and building of an Head Quarters and other necessary Accommodations and Conveniencies for the several purposes aforesaid, and in the necessary Expenses attendant thereon, and in keeping the same in repair; and all Payments to be made by Such Payments th£ said Commissioners for the several Purposes aforesaid by *lowed m their virtue of this Act, shall from time to time be allowed in their ccounts* Accounts of the Expenditure of the Trophy Money raised in the said City; and the Justices of the Peace acting for the said City, in examining and allowing the said Accounts, pursuant to the

Direc-

And may accept Leases, &c. in the Name of their Treasurer.

Stock and Money in the Hands of the Executors of

C. 100. |° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Directions contained in this Act, are hereby directed and required to allow the same accordingly.

XL. And be it further enacted, That for the several Purposes aforesaid, His Majesty's said Commissioners of Lieutenancy for the said City are hereby authorised and empowered from time to time to accept and take, in the Name of their Treasurer for the time being, and his Successors, any Grant, Demise, Lease or Agreement of Ground and Premises whereon to erect and build such Head Quarters as aforesaid, and to charge and make liable the said Trophy Tax with the Payment of such Rent, Fine or Acknowledgment as may be by them deemed a proper Rent or Compensation for such Land and Premises, and to authorise and empower such Treasurer, on their Behalf, to enter into proper Covenants and Agreements for the Purposes aforesaid, and to execute a Counterpart or Counterparts of any such Grant, Demise, Lease or Agreement, and such Treasurer shall be indemnified and saved harmless by the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act.

XLI. And Whereas there is now standing in the Books of the

Governor and Company of the Bank of England, a Sum of Three

Pounds per Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities, in the Names of

Nathaniel Newnham, Edward Wigan and Christopher Porter,

1 Esquires, who are all now dead; and the said Edward Wigan was the Survivor; and Jane Wigan, Widow, Edward Wigan,

Esquire, and John Alfred Wigan, Esquire, are the Executors

of the said Edward Wigan; and there is also a Sum of Money

accrued due for Dividends on the said Sum of Three Pounds per

Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities; and there is a further Sum 1 invested in Exchequer Bills, which are in the Possession or

Power of the said Jane Wigan, Edward Wigan and John Alfred

Wigan; and there is likewise a Sum of Money in the Hands 1 of Messrs. Everett, Walker, Maltha, Ellis and Company, Bankers, i standing in the Names of the said Nathaniel Newnham, Edward

Wigan and Christopher Porter: And Whereas the said several

Sums of Money have arisen from Savings made in the West 1 Regiment of London Militia in recruiting Men to serve in the

said Regiment, and from Dividends and Interest thereon, and

it is doubtful whether any Person has now any legal Claim to ' the said several Sums: And Whereas it is considered, that if

the said several Sums of Money and Securities were to be paid

and transferred to the said Commissioners, to be by them applied in aid of the Expense of building an Head Quarters for ' the London Militia, subject nevertheless to such Claims (if any)

as any Person or Persons may have on the same, it would be a c fit and proper Appropriation of the same; and the said Jane i Wigan, Edward Wigan and John Alfred Wigan, the Executors

of the said Edward Wigan, may be willing and desirous so to apply the same, or some Part thereof, on their being fully in-

demnified and discharged from all Claims and Demands in

respect thereof, or of so much thereof as they may think fit so

to apply; Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Jane Wigan, Edward Wigan and John Alfred Wigan, and the Survivors or Survivor of them, if they shall so

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 100. 449

think fit, at any time after the passing of this Act to pay and Edward Wigan transfer to the Treasurer of the said Commissioners for the time *nd other Per-being, the said several Sums of Money and Securities, or any 8005 herein Part thereof, and any further Sums that may become due for Di- "ppl^a vidends or Interest on the said Stock the Securities, or any Part building an thereof, before they shall so transfer or pay the same; and every Head Quarters, such Transfer and Payment shall be a full Discharge and Indemnity to the said Jane Wigan, Edward Wigan and John Alfred Wigan, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, for having made the same; and every such Transfer and Payment may be pleaded in Bar to any Action or Suit that may be commenced or prosecuted against them, their Executors or Administrators, in respect of the said several Sums of Money, Securities, Dividends and Interests, and of their having so transferred and paid the same; but in case it shall appear to the said Commissioners, that any Person or Persons hath or have any Claims or Demands upon or in respect of the said several Sums of Money and Securities, or such Part thereof as may be paid or transferred to their said Treasurer, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to allow, satisfy and discharge any such Claims or Demands, or to compound the same; and any Person or Persons having or making any such Claim or Demand shall be at liberty, if he or they shall so think fit, and it shall be necessary, to bring any Action, or file any Bill in Equity against the said Treasurer to the said Commissioners for the time being, and all other proper and necessary Parties, for the Purpose of establishing such Claim or Demand; and the said Sums of Money and Securities in the Hands of the said Treasurer shall be subject and liable to the Payment of such Claims and Demands, and to all Costs incurred in the substantiating and Recovery of the same, in like Manner as if no such Transfer and Payment of the same had been made by the said Jane Wigan, Edward Wigan and John Alfred Wigan, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, to the said Treasurer to the said Commissioners; and after Satisfaction of all such Claims and Demands, and Payment of all such Costs as aforesaid (if any such shall be made and incurred) , then the said Commissioners are hereby required to pay and apply the Residue of the said Sums of Money and Securities; or in case no such Claims or Demands shall be made or substantiated, then the Whole of the said several Sums of Money and Securities, and all future Dividends and Interest that may arise from the same, in aid of the Expense of building an Head Quarters for the said Militia.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Powers of passing of this Act, all the Powers and Authorities, Clauses, Pro- General Militia visions, Rules and Regulations of any Act or Acts of Parliament Acts to apply to that now is or are or hereafter shall be in force for regulating the 1hl *

Militia in England, or the Pay of the same, and for the regulating not aitere^ of the Number of Officers, Noncommissioned Officers, Drummers hereby, and Fifers, to be serving in the said Militia, and in all other Respects whatsoever, so far as the same are not altered or varied by this Act, and can be made applicable thereto, shall extend and be applied and be put in force as to the Militia to be raised by virtue of this Act, and as to the Officers, Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers and Private Men thereof; as fully and effectually to all Intents and

C. 100.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Purposes whatsoever, as if the same were severally and separately re-enacted in and made Part of the Body of this Act; and that from and after the passing of this Act, the several Powers and Authorities given, granted and contained in the said Act passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign or King Charles the Second, so far as the same are repugnant to this Act, shall no longer be applied or put into Execution with respect to the City of London: Provided always, that nothing in the said Acts contained, or any of them, shall extend or be construed to extend to entitle the Wives and Families of the Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers, Fifers and Private Men of the said Militia, or any of them, to any Maintenance or Allowance whilst the said Militia shall be embodied, or otherwise be in actual Service, by reason of such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, Fifer or Private Man being serving in the said Militia.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the Provisions of an to extend to the Act passed in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His late Mayor and Al- Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for rendering Justices of the Peace more safe in the Execution of their Office, and for indemnifying Constables and others acting in obedience to their Warrants, snail extend to the said Mayor and Aldermen, and also to His Majesty's said Commissioners and the Assessors and Collectors in the Execution of this Act, or any other which relates to the said Militia, in like manner and as fully and effectually as the same extend to Justices of the Peace acting in the Execution of their Office.

XLIV. And in order that the Rights and Privileges of the City of London may not be infringed, be it further enacted, That this Act or any things herein contained shall not diminish or be prejudicial to the Rights, Privileges, Immunities and Exemptions to which the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or the Freemen, Citizens and Inhabitants of the said City, or the Suburbs and Liberties of the same, or of all privileged Places within the Limits and Precincts of the same, as well within the Liberties as without, are entitled to enjoy by Prescription, Act of Parliament, Charter or Usage; but the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens and Inhabitants of the said City, shall and may continue to enjoy all and singular the said Rights, Liberties, Usages, Customs, Privileges, Immunities and Exemptions, in as full, ample and beneficial a manner as if this Act had not been made.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and are hereby required and empowered to hold Courts of Lieutenancy for the said City from time to time, as often as they shall think expedient, and to issue such Precepts at the said Courts, and to make such Orders as shall be requisite and necessary for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act directed, which shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, shall be recoverable by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record c*eding and not at Westminster, wherein no Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, exceeding sol. nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and that all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, which shall

How far 13 & 14 Car. 2. C. 3. not to be executed.

The Wives and Families of Noncommissioned Officers, Itc. not to have Allowance.

24 G. 2. c. 44.

dermen. Commissioners. Assessors and Collectors.

Proviso for the Rights of the City of London, Ire.

Times of holding Courts of Lieutenancy.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Penalties ex-

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 100. 451

not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, shall, on Proof upon Oath of the Offence before the Mayor, or any other Magistrate of the said City, or any Justice of the Peace for the County, Liberty or Place where the Offence shall be committed, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of the said Mayor, Magistrate or other Officer, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Person whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and sold; and for Want of sufficient Distress the said Mayor, Magistrate or Justice is hereby required, in all Cases where no particular Time of Commitment is by this Act directed, to commit such Offender to Prison where the Offences shall have been committed, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months; and the Money arising by all such Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, the Application whereof is not otherwise particularly directed by this Act, shall be paid to the Treasurer appointed by the said Commissioners, to be applied for the purposes of this Act.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That when any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab irtiiio on account of any Irregularity which shall afterwards be done or committed by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage by an Action on the Case.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Rate or Assessment, nor any Order to be made, or Proceedings to be had, or any other Matter or Thing to be done or transacted in or relating to the Execution of this Act, by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or by His Majesty's Commissioners of Lieutenancy for the time being, or the Aiftessors or Collectors acting under the Authority of this Act, or by the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City, shall be vacated or quashed for Want of Form only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for such Irregularity, Trespass or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made by or on the behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed or caused to be committed any Such Irregularity, Trespass or wrongful Proceedings, before such Action brought; in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court whero any such Action shall depend, at any time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceeding* or Order and Judgment shall be had, made and given in and

Gg 2 by

Distress not unlawful for want of Form.

No Rate or Proceedings to be quashed or vacated for Want of Form, or be removable by Certiorari, &c»

l* GEO. IV.

Limitations of Actions.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

[Public Act.]

Speaker may issue his Warrant for the Examination of Witnesses in India, in Cases of Bills of Didree.

C. 100, 101.

A.D. 1820.

-by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed -to pay Money into Court.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action shall -be brought against any Person for any thing dene in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County or Place where the Cause of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant-or Defendants in any Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his er their Action *or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if on Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath in any other Cases to recover Costs by Law.

L. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

CAP. CI.

An Act to enable the Examination of Witnesses to be taken in India in support of Bills of Divorce on account of Adultery committed In India.

[24-th Jtdy 1820.]

WHEREAS much Inconvenience hath arisen to His Majesty's Subjects residing in India, and petitioning either House of Parliament for Bills for the Dissolution of Marriages by '* -reason of Acts of Adultery committed in India, from the Difficulty of, producing in England the Evidence necessary to substantiate the Allegations of such Bills: And Whereas by reason

of the religious-Scruples of several of the Natives of India, it is impossible to prevail upon them to come to England for the purpose of being examined as Witnesses at the Bar of either House of Parliament: And Whereas, for Remedy of the said Inconvenience, it is expedient that Provision shall be made for examining Witnesses in India, and for duly transmitting their Depositions to such Houses of Parliament:' Be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That whensoever and as often as either House of Parliament, upon the Petition of any Party praying for a Bill for the Dissolution of any Marriage, and stating that the Witnesses necessary to substantiate the Allegations of such Bill are resident in India, shall see Cause to direct that the Examinations of such Witnesses shall be taken in India, the Speaker of such House of Parliament shall thereupon issue his Warrant or Warrants to the Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature of the Presidency of Calcutta, the Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature of the Presidency of Madras, the Recorder of the Presidency of Bom *

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 101. 453

or the Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature of the Island of Ceylon, respectively, accordingly as the Witnesses proposed to be examined shall be resident within any one or more of the said Presidencies, or the said Island, for the Examination upon Oath of all such Witnesses as shall be produced before them touching the Allegations of such Bill, and touching any Notices or other Matters which shall in such Warrant be specified; and Duplicate of that in all Cases where such Warrants shall be so issued, Dupli- Warrant tiara, cates of such Warrants, together with Copies of such Bill, shall be mitted* transmitted by different Ships, at the Desire of the Agent of the Party or Parties soliciting such Bill, to the Persons to whom such Warrants shall be directed.

II. And be it enacted, That in all Cases immediately upon the Judges in in-Receipt of such Warrant or Warrants, the Judges or Recorder to dia, on receipt' whom the same shall have been directed, shall appoint some Time 8Uch w«r-or Times with all convenient Speed for the Examination of Witnesses, and receiving other Proofs touching the Allegations of such witness Bill, and in opposition thereto, and touching such Notices and other Matters as shall in such Warrant have been specified, and in the meantime shall cause such public Notice to be given of such Notice thereof. Examination, and shall issue such Summons or other Process as may be requisite for the Attendance of Witnesses, and of the Agents or Counsel of all or any of the Parties respectively, and of such other Witnesses as after mentioned, and to adjourn> from time to time as Occasion may require; and such Examinations as aforesaid shall be then and there openly and publicly taken viva voce upon the respective Oaths of Witnesses, and the Oaths of. skilful Interpreters, administered according to thd Forms of their several Religions, and shall, by some sworn Officer of the Court, be reduced into Writing, and that Two Copies thereof shall be made; and that the Judges or Recorder before whom such Exa- Two Copie* of mination shall have been taken, shall certify the same under the auch-.Examiu. official Seal of their several Courts, together with a Declaration of atio"s *°, M> such Judges or Recorder, that such Examinations have in their or to

his Judgment been fairly and properly conducted, and that all the Speaker of such Witnesses had been produced as were fit to be produced, either Hou*e of for the Purpose of ascertaining the whole Truth, so far as the Parliament. Attendance of such Witnesses could be reasonably obtained; and shall transmit the same by different Ships to the Speaker of either -House of Parliament, under whose Warrant such Exaininatiop shall have been taken; and every such Examination so returned to Examination the Speaker of either Hou$e of Parliament as aforesaid, shall be returned to be competent and admissible Evidence, and shall be allowed and read Evidence. in both Houses of Parliament, or either of them respectively, as Occasion may require; apy Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Judges may ask

for such Judges or Recorder, upon any such Examination, to ask *uch further any such Questions of any Witness who shall be produced before Questions and them or him, and to require such further Witnesses resident withip WU-

such Presidency or Island respectively to be produced, as shall negSCS to be appear fit and necessary for the due Investigation of the Allega- produced a* tions of such Bill, or of any other Matters in such Warrants he neap ecified; and to allow such Attendance by Counsel, and such

Gg 3

Cross-

454

C. 101, 102.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

and may name Counsel, &c.

Proceedings not to be discontinued by Prorogation, &c. of Parliament, where such Warrants have been issued.

Cross-examination of Witnesses, as shall be deemed by such Judges and Recorder to be fit and proper for the Purpose of such Investigation, and for such Purpose, if necessary, to name some proper Person or Persons to attend as Counsel and Agent in opposition to such Bill, and to procure any Evidence which 'may be necessary for the purpose of such Opposition, to the end that a full and ffiir Disclosure may be made of all the Facts and Circumstances of the Case.

IV. And Whereas by the Usage and Custom of Parliament, no 1 Proceedings by Bill m Parliament have Continuance from one (Session to another; And Whereas it would be impracticable that ' the Examination taken upon such Warrant as aforesaid could ever be returned within the ordinary Length of a Session of Parliament Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act no Proceedings in Parliament, touching any Bill for the Dissolution of Marriage, wherein such Warrant as aforesaid shall have been issued, shall be discontinued by any Prorogation or Dissolution of Parliament, until the Examination therein directed shall have been returned, but that such Proceedings may be resumed and proceeded upon in a subsequent Session, or in a subsequent Parliament, in either House of Parliament, in like manner and to all Intents and Purposes as they might have been in the Course of one and the same Session; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CII.

56 G. 3. c. 73w

extended to Burglaries, &c.

An Act for making general the Provisions of an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for removing Difficulties in the Conviction of Offenders stealing Property from Mines.

[24th July 1820.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fifty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for removing Difficulties in the Conviction of Offenders stealing Property from Mines, it is among other things enacted, that it shall and may be lawful, and shall be deemed sufficient to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, for the Conviction of aBy Offender or Offenders charged in any Indictment with Grand or Petty Larceny, for or on account of stealing any Minerals, Or any Timber, Iron or other Materials used in or for the working of Mines, being the personal Property of any Company or Adventurers carrying on the same, to allege and aver that the Minerals, Timber, Iron or other Materials so stolen,

are the Property of some one or more of the Partners or Adventurers in such Mining Concern, and others his or their Partners or Adventurers, without naming such other Partners or Adventurers: And Whereas the said Enactment has been found to facilitate the Conviction of Offenders, and to promote the due Administration of Justice, without depriving Persons accused of any fair Means of Defence:* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Provisions of the

1° GEO. IV.

455

C. 102, 103.

said Act, with respect to Offenders charged as in the said Act is mentioned, shall be deemed and taken to extend to all Cases of Offenders charged in any Indictment with Burglary, Felony,

Grand or Petty Larceny, or criminal Breach of Trust, committed n the Goods, Chattels or personal Property, of what nature soever, of any Partners whatsoever, in as ample a manner as if they had been particularly specified in the said Act.

CAP. CIII.

An Act for the further Encouragement and Improvement of the British Fisheries.

[24th July 1820.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that all Bounties and Allowances payable on the Exportation from Great Britain of any dried or wet Cod Fish, Ling or Hake, should cease, and that certain Bounties should be granted on Vessels engaged in fishing for such Fish, and on such Fish when cured and dried, or cured with Pickle: Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from Bountie* and and after the passing of this Act all Bounties and Allowances, and Drawbacks on all Drawbacks in the Nature of Bounties or Allowances, which Cod Fkh, &c. under any Act or Acts in force immediately before the passing of

this Act are made payable on dried or wet Cod Fish, Ling or Hake cured in Great Britain, shall cease and determine, and the same shall be and are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing Annual Boun-

of this Act, a Bounty of Fifty Shillings per Ton shall be annually y to Owners of paid out of His Majesty's Revenues under the Management of the v^ '

Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, i^in de^*"* to the Owner or Owners of all such decked or half-decked Vessels sobbed:

of not less than Fifteen Tons Burthen, or to the Person or Persons hiring or chartering such Vessel or Vessels which now are or hereafter shall be fitted out from any Port in Great Britain, for fishing and curing Fish in the British Fisheries, in Manner and under the Conditions hereinafter mentioned: Provided always, that no limited to 60 Bounty shall be paid on any such Vessel or Vessels for any greater Ton*.

Number of Tons than Sixty.

III. And be it further enacted, That of the aforesaid Bounty of Distribution of

Fifty Shillings per Ton by this Act granted, no more than Twenty Bounty, and Shillings per Ton shall be paid for or on account of any such Vessel, unless it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners

of the British Herring Fishery, that the Fish was actually taken or bought by the said Vessel on the Voyage for which such Vessel claims such Bounty, and that such Fish was landed well cured, in sound merchantable Order, in some Port in Great Britain; in which Case, out of the remaining Thirty Shillings of such Bounty, the Owner or Master shall receive, for every Hundred Weight of well cured dried Cod Fish, Ling or Hake, Four Shillings only of such Bounty; and for every Barrel of Cod Fish, Ling or Hake, cured with Pickle, Two Shillings and Sixpence only of such Bounty as aforesaid: Provided irfways. that no greater Bounty shall be paid on any Vessel or Vessels than for Sixty Tons, let

C. 103.

1° GEO. IV.

A .1X1820.

Limitation of Bounty and Tonnage.

Bounty to Persons employed in curing Fish on the Coast,

4s. for every Cwt. of Cod.

2s. (id. per Barrel for Pickled Cod, &c.

not to Persons receiving the Bounty of 50s. per Ton;

and Fish, &c. to be previously inspected.

Bounty of 31. per Ton on Oil extracted from Whales, &c. taken on the ('oast, and of 41. per Cwt. on Fins of such Whales.

Commissioners of British Herring Fishery to make Regulations for Payment of Bounties and for shipping of Salt, &c.

her Admeasurement be what it may; nor shall there be paid on any Vessel a greater Amount of Bounty in the whole than Fifty Shillings per Ton on such Admeasurement, including the before mentioned Bounty of Twenty Shillings per Ton.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in order to give Employment and Encouragement to the industrious Poor residing on the Coast of Great Britain, and to Persons fitting out Vessels for the Fishery, not for the Tonnage Bounty, there shall and may be paid and allowed to all Persons residing in Great Britain, and who shall cure and dry Cod Fish, Ling or Hake taken on the Coasts of Great Britain. Ireland, or the Isle of Man, according to such ltules and Regulations as the Commissioners of the British Herring Fishery shall make and appoint for that Purpose, a Bounty of Four Shillings for every Hundred Weight of all such dried Cod Fish, Ling or Hake; and there shall be also paid and allowed, under the like Rules and Regulations, to such Persons, residing as aforesaid, and curing any Cod Fish, Ling or Hake, with Pickle, a Bounty of Two Shillings and Sixpence for every Barrel of all such pickled Cod Fish, Ling or Hake; provided always, that no such Bounty or Bounties shall he paid on account of any Fish in respect whereof any Part of the aforesaid Bounty of Fifty Shillings per Ton shall have been paid, or shall be payable or allowable to the Master or Owner of any Vessel or Vessels fitted out for the Tonnage Bounty; and provided also that the said several Bounties of Four Shillings per Hundred Weight* and Two Shillings and Sixpence per Barrel on such dried or pickled Cod Fish, Ling or Hake respectively, shall not be paid or payable, unless the Inspector or Officer to be appointed for that purpose, shall have previously inspected all such Cod Fish, Ling or Hake respectively, and shall have marked all such dried Fish, and branded the Casks containing such pickled Fish respectively; and shall certify in Writing to the Commissioners of the British Herring Fishery that such Cod Fish, Ling* or Hake respectively, are properly cured and dried, or pickled and packed, and made up either for the Home or Foreign Market.

V. And be it further enacted, That for an Encouragement to all His Majesty's Subjects of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland who shall engage in the British Fisheries, there shall be paid out of the Revenues under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, a Bounty of Three Pounds per Ton for every Ton of Oil extracted from Whales, and Three rounds per Ton for every Ton of Oil extracted from other Fish taken on the Coasts of Great Britain and the Isle of Man> and manufactured therein; and also a Bounty of Four Pounds for every Hundred Weight of all Fins of Whales, commonly called Whalebone, taken on the Coasts of Great Britain and the Isle (f Man, and manufactured therein.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the British Herring Fishery from time to time to make such Regulations for the Payment of the several Bounties granted by this Act in respect of such Vessels, and of such Cod Fish, Ling or Hake so cured and dried, or cured with Pickle respectively; and with respect to the shipping of Salt for the said Fisheries, and with respect to the Exportation,

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 103, 104.

457.

of any such Fish cured or dried, or cured with Pickle, as to the said Commissioners shall from time to time seem fitting and expedient; and that all such Regulations shall be as valid and effectual as if the same were set forth in this Act, and shall be obeyed and carried into Execution by the Officers of the British Herring Fishery, and all other Persons concerned; and that no Bounty granted by this Act shall be allowed and paid to any Person or Persons unless all such Regulations shall be duly complied with by the Person or Persons claiming such Bounty; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, in all Cases where they shall be satisfied that such Rules and Regulations have been duly complied with, to grant Certificates under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, of the Amount of Bounty payable either in respect of the Tonnage of any Vessel, or of the Quantity of any Fish cured and dried, or cured in Pickle; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively to direct such Bounties to be paid to the Persons respectively entitled thereto.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be in force for Four Years from the passing thereof, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. CIV.

An Act to enable His Majesty to defray the Charge of a certain Barrack by the Grant of an Annuity on the Consolidated Fund.

[24th July 1820.]

WHEREAS by Articles of Agreement bearing Date the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and made or expressed to be made between Osborne Markham Esquire, the Comptroller of the Barrack Department, of the one Part, and Samuel Baker the elder, of Rochester, in the County of Kent, Timber Merchant and Builder, and William Nicholson of Rochester aforesaid, Builder, of the other Part, after reciting that the said Samuel Baker and William Nicholson, in consideration of the Annuity thereinafter mentioned, did thereby agree with the said Comptroller, to erect within the Regent's Park, in the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone in the County of Middlesex, upon a Scite to be provided by the said Comptroller, certain Erections or Buildings, of the Dimensions and in all respects in conformity to the Tender or Proposal of the said Samuel Baker and William Nicholson, and the Plan in the said Agreement respectively referred to, the same Erections and Buildings being intended as a Barrack for the Accommodation of His Majesty's Forces, and completely to finish the same for the Reception of Troops, on or before the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty one; and in consideration of the Engagements in the said Agreement entered into by the said Samuel Baker and William Nicholson, the said Comptroller did thereby agree with the said

Bounty not paid unless Regulations complied with. Certificate of Bounty.

[Continuance of Act.]

Act may be altered, &c. this Session.

Agreement, dated June .70,

1820, for the Erection of Barracks in the Regent's Park.

C. 104.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

An Annuity of 54001. granted to & Baker and W. Nicholson for 51 Years, to be payable Half yearly.

Treasury by Warrant to direct the Auditor to pass Debentures.

Samuel Baker and William Nicholson, to pay to them, their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, the Annual Sum of Five thousand four hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, for the Term of Thirty one Years, to be computed from

the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, without any Deduction whatsoever on account of Taxes, Charges, Fees of Office, or otherwise, by equal Half yearly Payments, on the Twenty fourth Day of June and the Twenty fifth Day of December in each Year, the First Payment thereof to be made on the Twenty fifth Day of December thea next ensuing; and in the said Agreement is contained a Proviso, that unless the said Works should be completed within the Period aforesaid, the Payment of the said Annuity should be suspended until after the Completion of the said Works, to

be certified in the manner mentioned in the said Agreement May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, under and by virtue of His Royal Sign Manual, to grant unto the said Samuel Baker and William Nicholson, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, one Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum of Five thousand four hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be issuing and payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts to be paid out of the same, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may thereafter be charged upon or payable out of the said Fund) , and to direct that the same shall from time to time be paid Half yearly, free and clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, to the said Samuel Baker and William Nicholson, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for and during the Term of Thirty one Years, to commence and take effect from the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, or from such other Time as to His Majesty shall seem just, in conformity to the Tenor and Effect of the said Agreement, and from thenceforth to continue payable for and during the Term of Thirty one Years, by even and equal Half yearly Payments.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, now and for the time being, or for the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, and they or he are or is hereby authorised and required by Warrant under their or his Hands or Hand, to direct the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer for the time being, to make forth and pass Debentures from time to time, for paying the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum of Five thousand four hundred Pounds in manner as aforesaid, and as the same shall from time to time become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same, or any Part thereof; which said Warrant, and the Debentures to be made forth and

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 104. 459

Itt; ?

keai

35 j"

0*i *sr: 3a a c esa: y a

passed thereupon, shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer in Great Britain, now and for the time being, for the Payment of the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum to the said Samuel Baker and William Nicholson, their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, at the respective Half yearly Days to be appointed for Payment thereof, without any further or other Warranty to be sued for, had or obtained in that behalf.

III. And it is hereby further enacted, That after signing of such Warrant, the same shall be good, valid and effectual in Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof and of this Act; and shall not be determinable or revocable by or upon the Demise of His Majesty (whom God long preserve) , or of any of His Heirs or Successors, or by or upon the Death or Removal of any of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them or any of them.

IV. And it is further enacted, That the said Commissioners of the Treasury now being, and the Lord High Treasurer, Chancellor and Under Treasurer, Chamberlains, and Barons of the Exchequer, and all other the Officers and Ministers of the Court of Exchequer, and of the Receipt thereof for the time being, shall and they are hereby authorised and strictly enjoined and required to do, without Fee or Reward, all such Acts, Matters and Things as are hereinbefore directed and required, or shall be necessary to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, in order to render this Act and the several Payments hereby directed effectual.

V. And be it enacted, That the Acquittance and Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts of the said Samuel Baker and William Nicholson, their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment of the said Annuity or yearly Sum, without any further or other Warrant to be suea for or obtained in that behalf; and that the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sura of Five thousand four hundred Pounds, and every Part thereof, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impositions, and other Charges whatsoever; and in case any of the Officers of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer shall refuse or neglect to pay the said Annuity or yearly Kent or Sum, or-any Part thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or to do any Act necessary to enable the said Samuel Baker and William Nicholson, their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, to receive the same, then the said Samuel Baker and William Nicholson, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, may from time to time sue, prosecute and implead such Officers, or any of them, their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, by Bill, Plaint or Action of Debt, and shall and may recover Judgment, and sue out Executions thereupon, against such Officers respectively, their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, for so much of such Sum or Sums of Money then due and owing upon the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, as shall have been in the Hands of the Officers or Officer of the Receipt of the Exchequer at the time or times when Demand shall have been legally made of the Payment of the said Annuity, yearly Rent or

Sum,

Debentures a sufficient Authority to Uie Officers of the Exchequer for Payment of the Annuity.

Warrant not revocable.

No Fee to be taken.

Acquittances of S. Baker and W. Nicholson to be sufficient Discharges for Payment of Annuity.

Proceedings in default of Payment.

C. 101*9105, 106.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

56 G. 3. c. 86.

58 G, 3. c. 9G.

First recited Act continued for Two Years.

51 G. 3. c.cxcir.

Sum, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, or for the Refusal or Neglect to do any Act necessary to be done by such Officer or Officers respectively.

---

CAP. CV.

An Act to continue, for Two Years, an Act of the Fifty sixth Year of His late Majesty, for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in or resident in this Kingdom, in certain Cases.

[24th July 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in and resident in this Kingdom in certain Cases, for Two Years from the passing of this Act, and until the End of the Session of Parliament in which the said Two Years shall expire, if Parliament shall be then sitting: And Whereas the said Act has, by another Act passed in the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, been further continued for the Term of Two Years, and until the End of the Session of Parliament in which that Term shall expire, if Parliament shall be then sitting: And Whereas the said Act hath been found beneficial, and it is expedient to continue the same for a further Time; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said first recited Act shall be and the same is hereby further continued in force from the Expiration thereof for the Term of Two Years.

CAP. CVI.

---

An Act to enable Chaplains in the Navy, presented to either of the Livings of Si monbum, Warlc, Bellingham, Thorney-Jrurn, Fallstone, or Grcystead, in the County of Northumberland, to receive their Half Pay; and for other Purposes relating to the said Livings.

[24th July 1820.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for erecting Five distinct Rectories and Parishes within the Rectory and Parish of Simonburn, in the County of Northumberland, and for separating the same from the Rectory and Parish Church of Simonburn; and for providing Parish Churches, Church Yards, and Parsonage Houses for the same;

and for restraining the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, from presenting to the Rectory of Simonburn, or the said new Rectones, any other Persons than Chaplains in the Royal Navy, it was enacted, that so soon as any Chaplain of the Royal Navy should be presented to either of the Rectories in the said Act 4 named, such Chaplain should no longer receive or be entitled to Half Pay, or any other Bounty or Allowances payable by Government to Chaplains in the Royal Navy; And Whereas it is expedient to alter and amend the said Act in manner herein- after

1° GEO. IV. C. 106. 461

after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so So much of much of the said Act as extends to prevent Chaplains of the recited Act as Royal Navy, appointed to the said Rectories, or cither of them,

from receiving Half Pay or any other Bounty or Allowances pay- ay re-

able by Government to Chaplains in the Royal Navy, be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing Chaplains of of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Chaplain in the Royal Nary the Royal Navy, who shall be presented to either of the Rec- presented to tories of Simonburn, JVnrk, Bellingham, Thomeyburn, Fallstone or Grey steady in the said County of Northumberland, or to the Ccive Half Pay, Chapelry of Humshaugh, to receive during the Time he shall hold &c. either of the said Rectories respectively, such Half Pay, or any other Bounty or Allowances payable by Government to Chaplains in the Royal Navy, to which he may be entitled by virtue of his Services performed in His Majesty's Navy, as the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being may direct.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Tax for the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, to apply so much may bt rcdeem-of the General Funds of the said Royal Hospital as may be neces- ed. 4 sary for the Purpose in the Redemption of the Land Tax chargeable upon all or any of the said Rectories of Simonburn, Wark,

Bellingham, Thomeyburn, Fallstone or Greustead, and upon the Chapelries to either of the said Rectories belonging.

IV. And Whereas the Amount of the First Fruits, Tenths Sumshereto-

and other Ecclesiastical Dues chargeable upon the ancient undivided Living of Simonburn has not been divided and apportioned upon the said several Rectories, but is wholly charged burn to be ap- upon the Rector of Simonburn for the time being; ' lie it portioned by enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Bishop of the Ki*h°P of Durham for the time being, by Writing under his Hand and Seal, Durham *

to declare what Proportion of the said First Fruits, Tenths and other Ecclesiastical Dues now charged or chargeable upon the said Living or Rectory of Simonburn, shall hereafter be paid and payable by the respective Rectors of Simonburn, Wark, Bellingham, Thomeyburn, Fallstone and Greystead, which said several Sums so apportioned upon the said several Rectors shall henceforth be paid by them respectively; and the said Lord Bishop of Durham shall in manner aforesaid, and he is hereby authorised to divide and apportion the Sum heretofore payable as First Fruits upon the said Living of Simonburn, amongst the said several Rectories aforesaid, and the same shall hereafter be so set, divided and apportioned in the proper Books or Records of the said First Fruits, and payable accordingly.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing Right of No. of this Act, it shall not be lawful for the Rector for the time being rotation to the of the Parish of Simonburn, to nominate or present to the Lord Humahauirh Bishop of Durham for the time being any Person to be licensed t*dhiGrea!i-

tO wich Hospital.

C. 10G.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Presentation to the said Rectories regulated in case of Lapse either to the Bishop of Durham. the Metropolitan or the Crown.

Description of Person to be licensed to the Chnpolry of Huinshangh, in case of Lapse of Nomination thereto.

[Proviso.]

to the Perpetual Curacy of the Chapel of Humshaugh, but the Right of Nomination shall henceforth be vested in the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, and the said Commissioners and Governors shall in such Nomination be subject to the same Restrictions, and have the same Powers, as the Rector of Simonburn would have had or been subject to in case this Act had not been made.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Presentation to the said Rectories of Simonburn, Wark, Bellingham, Thomey-hum, Fallstone or Grey stead, shall lapse either to the Lord Bishop of Durham for the time being, or to the Metropolitan, or to the Crown, no Spiritual Person or Persons whomsoever shall be capable of being presented, instituted and inducted to the said Rectories of Simonburn, Wark, Bellingham, Thomeubum, Fall-stone or Greystead, save and except only such Clerk or Clerks, (being in Priest's Orders, who shall have taken a Degree in one of the Universities of Oxford, Cambridge or Dublin) , as shall have been rated and served as Chaplains of the said Royal Navy for Seven Years at the least, on board any of His Majesty's Ships actually employed in Service at Sea, and who shall be on the List of Chaplains of the Royal Navy; and in case no such sufficient Clerk who shall have served as aforesaid shall be found, then a sufficient Clerk, who shall have been rated and shall have served for Ten Years on board any Ship or Ships in His Majesty's Navy, and who shall be on the List of Chaplains of the Roytd Navy; and in case no Clerk having so served shall be found, then, and in that case only, any other sufficient Clerk who shall have been rated and served as aforesaid for any shorter Period, provided he be on the List of Chaplains of the Royal Navy: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall exclude from the Benefit of this Act any sufficient Clerk, - who in the Discharge of his Duty as Chaplain in His Majesty's Navy shall have lost a Limb, or suffered any Wound or other Injury equally prejudicial to the Habit of Body to the Loss of a Limb, provided he shall be on the List of Chaplains of the Royal Navy.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Nomination to the said Chapelry of Humshaugh shall lapse either to the Lord Bishop of Durham for the time being, or to the Metropolitan, or to the Crown, no Spiritual Person shall be capable of being licensed to the said Chapelry, save and except a Clerk being in Priest's Orders, who shall have taken a Degree in one of the Three Universities of Oxford, Cambridge or Dublin, and who shall have been rated and served as a Chaplain in the Navy during Three Years at the least on board any of His Majesty's Ships actually employed in Service at Sea, and who shall be on the List of Chaplains of the Royal Navy; and if no such can be found, any other sufficient Clerk who shall have been rated and served for Six Years on board any of His Majesty's Ships, and who shall be on the List of Chaplains of the Royal Navy; and if no such can be found, then, and then only, any other sufficient Clerk, who shall have been rated and served as aforesaid for any shorter Period, provided he shall be on the List of Chaplains of the Royal Navy: Provided always, that in case no Clerk or Spiritual Person

1° GEO. IV. C. IOC, 107.

463

who shall have served in the Royal Navy, and shall be on the List of Chaplains as aforesaid, shall be found sufficient, proper and willing to accept any of the said Rectories, or the said Perpetual Curacy, then and in that case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and Governors, or in case of Lapse, the said Lord Bishop of Durham, or the Crown, to nominate a sufficient Clerk or Spiritual Person to such vacant Rectory or Curacy who has not been a Chaplain in the Royal Navy.

CAP. CVII.

An Act for appropriating to the Use of the Master of the Rolls for the time being the Rents of the Rolls Estate, and the Dividends of the Funds in the Court of Chancery arising from the Surplus Rents of that Estate.

[24th July 1820.]

WHEREAS by an Act made and passed in the Seventeenth 17 G.5. c. 59. Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the

Third, intituled An Act to repeal an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled The 4 Master of the Rolls empowered to make Leases for Years, in order to new build the old Houses belonging to the Rolls and for the

better regulating the Method of granting Leases of the said Rolls Estate for the future; and for making Compensation to the Earl of Macclesfield and Sir Thomas Sewell for their beneficial Rights and Interests in certain Leases made of the Rolls Estate; and for regulating the Method of making Leases of the said Estate

for the future; after reciting (amongst other things) that it was § 6.

proper that some reasonable Part of the Rents and Profits of the said Rolls Houses, as the same should from time to time accrue and become due and payable, should be appropriated for

or towards keeping in Repair and properly supporting and re-

building the said Houses and Premises, or any of them (except as therein mentioned) , as there might be occasion, and that a 4 Receiver of the said Rents and Profits should be appointed for that purpose; it was thereby enacted, that such Person as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper, or the Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal, should from time to time approve of and appoint, should be Receiver of the Rents and Profits of the said Houses and Profits, with such Salary to be paid to or retained by him out of the said Rents and Profits as the said Court should direct, not exceeding

the yearly Sum of Fifty Pounds, such Receiver first giving Security as the said Court should direct; which Receiver should, out of the said Rents and Profits, pay the Land Tax, and also pay to the Master of the Rolls for the time being the clear

yearly Sum of One thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, by Two equal Half yearly Payments, on the Fifth Day of January Mid Fifth Day of July in each Year, and with such Apportionment thereof on the Death of any Master of the Rolls as therein mentioned; and that the Surplus of the said Rents and Profits,

beyond and after Payment of the said Receiver's Salary and the Land Tax, and such Payment to the Master of the Rolls as

464?

C. 107.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

aforesaid, should, by virtue and in pursuance of any Order or Orders of the said Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper, or the Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal as aforesaid for the time being, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to an Account to be entitled " The Account of the Rolls Estate," 4 in order to be paid and applied, in manner thereinafter mentioned, in or towards the Repairs and the Support of the said Houses and Premises (exclusive of and except as aforesaid) , and the rebuilding of the same, as there might at any time or times thereafter be occasion, and of insuring the said Houses and Premises from Fire, except such Part or Parts of the said Rents and Profits as by any such Order or Orders of the said Court should be directed to be paid and applied by the Receiver for those purposes, or any of them, without paying the same into the Bank; and that the said Receiver should, at the End of each and every Year, (or oftener, if thereto required and ordered by the said Court) , deliver in, upon Oath, his Accounts of his Receivership to the said Accountant General, and pay his Balances into the Bank from time to time in the Name of the said Accountant General, to be placed to the same Account: And

57. 4 it was thereby further enacted, that out of such the Surplus

4 Rents and Profits of the said Houses and Premises thereby appropriated for the purpose of repairing, supporting, and rebuilding and insuring the said Houses and Premises, (exclusive of and except as aforesaid) , or out of what the same or any Part thereof should be invested in, such Sum and Sums of Money as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain, should from time to time direct or appoint, should be paid and applied in or towards the repairing and supporting of the said Rolls Houses and Premises, or in rebuilding the same, 4 or any of them, and in insuring the said Houses and Premises from Fire, in such manner as by any Order or Orders of the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners, to be made for those purposes respectively, should be directed; and that the said Fund or any Part thereof should and might from time to lime, by virtue and in pursuance of any Order or Orders of the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for that purpose, be placed out and invested iu Government Securities, in the Name of the said Accountant General, and placed to the said Account of the Rolls Estate,

and the Interest or Dividends thereof be laid out and invested in other such like Securities, in the Name of the said Accountant General, and placed to the same Account, and so from time to time as often as the Interest or Dividends of the said original Securities and such new purchased Securities should amount to a competent Sum, in order to accumulate and increase the said Fund, for the purpose of repairing, supporting and rebuilding,

and insuring from Fire, the said Houses and Premises, and to be sold, applied and disposed of for those Purposes, or any of them, by Order of the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners as aforesaid, from time to time as there

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 107. 465

might be occasion: And whereas there is now standing in the Name of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery to

the aforesaid Account," The Account of the Rolls Estate/* in

Bank Three Pounds per Cent. Annuities, Four thousand and eighty one Pounds Four Shillings and Four Pence, and in Cash,

the Sum of Four hundred and twenty two Pounds Eight Shillings and Eight Pence, arising from the Dividends of the said Bank

Annuities and from the Surplus Rents and Profits of the said

Rolls Estate, which have been paid into the said Court under and by virtue of the Provisions contained in the said first recited Act:* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the above recited So much of re-Act made and passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His Clted Act " said late Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal an Act made in the p/^e Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second y intituled, n, ent of 1250L 4 The Master of the Rous empowered to make Leases for Years, in to the Master

order to new build the old Houses belonging to the Rolls; and of the Roll* for the better regulating the Method of granting Leases of the said of th Rolls Estate for the future; and for making Compensation to the the Application Earl of Macclesfield and Sir Thomas Sewell for their beneficial of the Surplu* Rights and Interests in certain Leases made of the Rolls Estate; Rents, repealed. and for regulating the Method of making Leases of the said Estate for thefuture, shall be and the same is hereby repealed, so far only as respects the Payment of the yearly Sum of One thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds to the Master of the Rolls, out of the Rents and Profits of the said Estate and Premises called The Rolls Estate, and so far as relates to the Application of the Surplus of such Rents and Profits.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Four thousand and The Sum of eighty one Pounds Four Shillings and Four Pence Bank Three 4*. 4d. Pounds per Cent. Annuities, so standing in the Name of the Ac- ce^Annui-countant General of the Court of Chancery, shall be and remain standing in the said Court to the said Account, entitled " The Account of in the Name of the Rolls Estate, and that the same shall be and form a Fund the Accountant for the purpose (if necessary) of repairing, supporting and re- Gfner<d, n building the said Houses and Premises, called The Rolls Estate, j-em^Fund and keeping the same insured from Loss or Damage by Fire for insuring, (except as in the said first above recited Act is mentioned) , and Ac.

be sold, applied and disposed of for those purposes, or any of them, as there may be occasion, by Order of the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, from time to time as there may be occasion; and that the Dividends, Interest and annual Produce thereof, now due or hereafter to accrue due, may from time to time be paid by the said Accountant General, without any Order or Draft for that purpose, to the Master of the Rolls for the time being, subject nevertheless to any Order of the said Court, as hereinbefore mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Master of the Rolls Matter of the for the time being shall, from and after the passing of this Act,

have and be entitled to receive the whole of the Rents, Issues and ArreanL Profits of the said Estate called The Rolls Estate, and all Arrears 1 Geo. IV. H h thereof

466

Expenses of Act how paid.

[Public Act.]

18 G. 5. c. 3l.

31 G. 3. c. 34.

32 G.3. c. 13.

39 G.3. c. 29.

C. 107, 108. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

thereof now due from the respective Tenants thereof, or in the Hands of the Receiver of the Rents and Profits of the said Estate, after providing for the purposes in the said Act mentioned, to and for his own Use and Benefit.

IV. And be it further enacted, That out of the said Sum of Four hundred and twenty two Pounds Eight Shillings and Eight Pence Cash in the Bank, in the Name of the said Accountant General to the aforesaid Account, and out of the Rents, Issues and Profits of the said Estate, called The Rolls Estate y the Expenses of procuring and passing this Act, and the Costs, Charges and Expenses of all Proceedings had or to be had in consequence thereof, shall be paid by the Receiver of the Rents of The Rolls Estate, and be allowed to him as a Disbursement in his Account of such Rents, and that the Residue of such Cash in the Bank (if any) shall be paid over by the said Accountant General to the Master of the Rolls.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

CAP. CVIII.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle Annuities upon certain Branches of the Royal Family, in lieu of Annuities which have ceased upon the Demise of His late Majesty.

[24th July 1820.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle on their Royal Highnesses the Princes Frederick Bishop of Osnaburgh, William Henry, Edward, Ernest Augustus, Augustus Frederick, and Adolphus Frederick, an Annuity of Sixty thousand Pounds per Annum, and also to settle on their Royal Highnesses the Princesses Charlotte Augusta Matilda, Augusta Sophia, Elizabeth, Mary and Sophia, One other Annuity of Thirty thousand Pounds per Annum, and also to settle on His Highness Prince William Frederick, One other Annuity of Eight thousand Pounds per Annum, and on Her Highness the Princess Sophia Matilda, One other Annuity of Four thousand Pounds per Annum: And Whereas an Act passed in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity of Twelve thousand Pounds on His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, during Pleasure: And Whereas an Act passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty to make Provision for the Establishment of their Royal Highnesses the Duke and Duchess of York and Albany; and also to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness during the Time of Her Natural Life, to commence from the Decease of His said Royal Highness, in case Her said Royal Highness shall survive him: And Whereas an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle an

1° GEO. IV. C. 108. 467

Annuity of Twelve thousand Pounds on His Royal Highness Prince Edward, and a like Annuity of Twelve thousand Pounds on His Royal Highness Prince Ernest Augustus, during His Majesty's Pleasure: And Whereas an Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity of Twelve thousand Pounds on His Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex, and a like Annuity of Twelve thousand Pounds on His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, during His Majesty's Pleasure: And Whereas an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of the Civil List: And Whereas an Act passed in the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling His Majesty to make further Provision for His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, and to settle an Annuity on the Princess of Hesse, in case she shall survive His said Royal Highness: And Whereas the following Annuities to different Branches of the Royal Family, which were charged upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom in pursuance of the said Acts, have ceased in consequence of the Demise of His late Majesty; videlicet, to His Royal Highness the Duke of York, Two Annuities of Fourteen thousand Pounds and Twelve thousand Pounds; to His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, Two Annuities of Twelve thousand Pounds and Two thousand five hundred Pounds; to His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland. One Annuity of Twelve thousand Pounds; to His Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex, One Annuity of Twelve thousand Pounds; to His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, Two Annuities of Twelve thousand Pounds and Six thousand Pounds; and to their Royal Highnesses the Princess Augusta Sophia, the Princess of Hesse Homburg, the Duchess of Gloucester, and the Princess Sophia, One Annuity of Four thousand Pounds each:

And Whereas the Annuity of Sixty thousand Pounds, charged upon His Majesty's Hereditary Revenues in pursuance of the said Act of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, has taken effect by reason of and from His late Majesty's Demise, and their Royal Highnesses the Duke of York, the Duke of Clarence, the Duke of Cumberland, the Duke of Sussex, and the Duke of Cambridge, have become entitled to the said Annuity in equal Proportions, and have received the same out of the said Hereditary Revenues from the Twenty ninth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, the Day of the Demise of His late Majesty, to and for the Fifth Day of July following: And Whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made for transferring the Charge of the said Annuity of Sixty thousand Pounds from the Hereditary Revenues to the Consolidated Fund, during the Life of His present Majesty, and for enabling His Majesty to grant additional Annuities upon the Consolidated Fund, to the several Branches of the Royal Family, which with the said Annuity of Sixty thousand Pounds shall be ecjual in Amount to the Annuities which they respectively received previous to the said Demise of His late Majesty: And Whereas the different Branches of the Royal Family respectively entitled thereto have received or will receive, out of

42 G. 3. c. 48.

56 G.3. c. 46. 58 G. 3. c. 24.

Recital that several Annuities to the Royal Family have ceased.

468

C. 108.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

His Majesty may grant tho following Annuities, viz.

Duke of York 14,000l.

Duke of Clarence 25001.

Duke of Cambridge 60001. Princess Aug. Sophia 40001. Princess of Hesse Horn-bourg 40001. Duchess of Gloucester 40001.

Princess Sophia 40001.

When payable.

To be a Charge on the Consolidated Fund.

Auditor to pass Debentures for Payment of the Annuities without Fees.

the Supplies granted in the present Session of Parliament, such Sum or Sums as, with the Annuity of Sixty thousand Pounds paid out of the Hereditary Revenues of the Crown, will make their Income, to the Fifln Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, equal in Amount to the Annuities which they would have received if His late Majesty had lived up to the said Fifth Day of July: Therefore, we Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to give and grant, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal or Great Britain, to each of their Royal Highnesses, Frederick Duke of York, William Henry Duke of Clarence, Ernest Augustus Duke of Cumberland, Adolphus Frederick Duke of Cambridge, the Princess Augusta Sophia, the Princess of Hesse Hamburg, the Duchess of Gloucester, and the Princess Sophia respectively, for and during their Natural Lives, the several and respective Annuities following; (that is to say) , to His Royal Highness Frederick Duke of York, an Annuity of Fourteen thousand rounds of lawful Money of Great Britain; to His Royal Highness William Henry Duke of Clarence, an Annuity of Two thousand five hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain; to His Royal Highness Adolphus Frederick Duke of Cambridge, an Annuity of Six thousand Pounds of like lawful Money; to Her Royal Highness the Princess Augusta Sophia, an Annuity of Four thousand Pounds of like lawful Money; to Her Royal Highness the Princess of Hesse Hombourg, an Annuity of Four thousand Pounds of like lawful Money; to Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Gloucester, an Annuity of Four thousand Pounds of like lawful Money; and to Her Royal Highness the Princess Sophia, an Annuity of Four thousand Pounds of like lawful Money; which said several Annuities may commence and take effect from the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and shall be paid Quarterly, at the Four most usual Days of Payment in the Year, that is to say, the Fifth Day of July, the Tenth Day of October, the Fifth Day of January, and the Fifth Day of April in every Year; and that the said several Annuities shall and may be issuing and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon the Fund called the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as hath or have been directed to be paid out of the same by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon and payable out of the said Fund) , and the said Annuities respectively shall be paid and payable at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer out of the said Fund called the Consolidated Fund, and the Auditor of the said Receipt shall, and he is hereby required to make forth and pass Debentures from time to time for paying the said several Annuities, as the same shall become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same or

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 108, 109.

469

any Part thereof, and the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts of the Person hereby entitled to receive any such Annuity, or of such other Person or Persons as shall by any such Person be duly authorised and appointed to receive any such Annuity or any Part thereof, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment thereof; and the said Debentures to be Such made forth and passed shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for^aymernat for the time being, for the Payment of any such Annuity to any the Exchequer. Persons hereby entitled to receive the same during the Continuance of the same, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that behalf; and that the spid Annuities, so to be given and granted, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Rates and Assessments, and all other Charges whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Annuity of Sixty thou- Annuity of sand* Pounds granted under the Provisions of the Act of the 60,000l. of Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, to commence 18 G-SIm from His late Majesty's Demise, and charged upon the Hereditary Revenue, together with all Benefit of Survivorship therein, dated Fund! shall be and the same is hereby transferred to and charged upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland from the Fiflh Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty, during the Life of His present Majesty.

III. And Whereas the Annuities now payable out of the Con- Annuities to solidated Fund to the several Branches or Members of the Royal the Royal FaFamily, as well as the Annuities to be granted by this Act, will, ly continued unless Provision is made to the contrary, cease from the Quarter Day immediately preceding the Demise of the Person or Persons to whom

to whom such Annuities are payable; and it is expedient that granted, and the said Annuities should be continued up to the Day of the Proportion acDeath of the Person or Persons to whom the same has been or may be granted; Be it therefore enacted, That upon the next Dav

Quarterly Day which may happen or ensue after the Death of payable to Ex-any Branch or Member of the Royal Family entitled to any ecutore, &c. Annuity or Annuities charged upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, there shall be set apart at the Exchequer, and issued out of the Consolidated Fund, to the Executors or Administrators of the Person so dying, the Proportion of such Annuity or Annuities from the Quarter Day immediately preceding his or her Decease up to ai\d for the Day upon which such Person or Persons may die.

CAP. CIX.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant Pensions to Officers and Attendants upon His late Majesty, and other Persons to whom His said late Majesty had granted Pensions and Allowances.

[24th July 1820.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to enable His Majesty to make some Provision for certain of the Officers, Attendants and Servants upon His late Majesty, and for certain Persons to whom His late Majesty had granted Pensions and Allowances payable out of His said Majesty's Privy Purse Be it therefore

H h 3 enacted

* 470

C. 109, 110, 111.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

His Majesty enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the may grant Pen- Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and lowances to " Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au-Officers and thority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for His Ma--Attendants on jesty to grant such Pensions and Allowances as He may think fit. His late Ma- to certain of the Officers and Attendants upon His late Majesty, jesty, and to and to certain of the other Persons to whom His Majesty had Pen^ons^hadm grante^ Pensions and Allowances payable out of His Privy Purse, been granted, not exceeding to any Person the Amount of the Salary, Allowance not exceeding or Pension which he or she received immediately preceding the 21, 7151. 16*. Demise of His late Majesty, and not exceeding in the whole the 6d. per Annum. gum of Twenty one thousand seven hundred and fifteen Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Sixpence per Annum, and to charge the same upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Conunence> Great Britain and Ireland; and which Pensions so to be granted ment of Pen*" Shall commence from the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight tions. hundred and twenty, and be paid and payable Quarterly at the

Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, out of the said Consolidated Fund, free and clear of and from all Taxes, Charges and other Deductions whatsoever.

CAP. CX.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

[24-th July 1820.]

[This Act is the same as 59 G. 8. c. 20. except as to Dates.]

u TREASURY may issue Exchequer Bills in manner prescribed " by 48 G. 3. c. 1. When payable, §1. Clauses, &c. in the recited Act relating to Exchequer Bills extended to this Act, il § 2. But not to issue Exchequer Bills on the Credit of 60 G.3. " c. 3. in any other manner than they are authorised by this Act," &c. § 3. Exchequer Bills to bear an Interest not exceeding " 3\d. per Cent, per Diem, §4. Exchequer Bills may, at the " Expiration of Four Months after Date, be taken in Payment " of the Revenue, §5. Bank authorised to advance £.3,000,000 u on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 5 & 6 Gul. & Maris," &c. § 6.

CAP. CXI.

An Act for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[24th July 1820.]

I. £.2, 500,000 0 0 0ut of Duties of Excise"! Towards making

granted by 56 G. 3. c. 17. I good the Supply H, Also a Proportion of Balance for Great Britain

remaining in the Bank | and Ireland for belonging to the Public J 1820.

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 111. 471

III.

IV. £.263, 820 0 0

V. 3,000,000 0 0

29,000,000 0 0 1, 500,000 0 0

263, 820 0 0 2, 500,000 0 0 VI. 6, 691, 345 3 11

Also any Sum paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer before the 5th Day of Aprtl 1821, in respect of Exchequer Bills issued pursuant to 57 G. 3. c. 34. and c. 124. for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries in the United Kingdom Arisen from the Sale of Old Naval and Victualling Stores -Monies raised by Exchequer Bills under '

- 60 G. 3. c. 3.

---- c. 10.

Contributions for Annuities granted by c. 13.

---- 17.

---- c. 22.

Monies arising from Lotteries under c. 72.

By Exchequer Bills c. 31.

By Treasury Bills c. 46.

Balance of Public Money paid by the Bank under 56 G. 3. c. 97.

Also any Sum paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer before the 5th of April 1821, in respect of Exchequer Bills for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries (granted above, § IV.)

(granted above, § I.)

For Naval Services; that is to say,

Towards the Supply.

said

Granted as above,

to the^Jses hereinafter expressed. See § 6 — 18.

650, 325 0 0 For Wages 1 " £. s. d. '

for 23,000

Men, in- s

cluding c o

8000 Royal s

Marines, 2 3 6N

612, 950 0 0 For Victuals, i 2 1 0

612, 950 0 0 For Wear and s

Tear of s

Ships, 2 1 0

104, 650 0 0 For Ord-

nance for

Sea Ser-

vice, .0 7 0.

For 13 Lunar Months.

472

A.D. 1820.

C. 111.

jf.500,000 0 0 1, 980, 566 3 11 1, 594, 480 0 0

389, 500 0 0

245, 924 0 0 VII. 9, 443, 243 12 4 500,000 0 0

2, 063, 639 16 8

o*ro, &£ l i i 112, 768 18 6

26, 864? 18 0 net 134, 517 16 10

10, 851 18 11 net 31, 311 2 1

7, 360 9 7 net 150,000 0 0

19, 500 13 10 net 21, 332 1 2

177, 486 4 0

1° GEO. IV.

For defraying certain Naval' Services For Ordinary Establishment of the Navy For building and Repairs of Ships of War, and other Extra Works For Provisions for Troops and Garrisons on Foreign Stations, and Rations for Troops to be embarked on board Ships of War and Transports For Transport Service For Land Forces; (that is to For Land Forces in G. B.y" and Stations abroad, (excepting Regiments employed in India) -To complete the Sum required for Ditto -

For Land Forces in Ireland For General and Staff Officers of Hospitals serving with the Forces in G. B. and on Foreign Stations, (excepting India) -

For Ditto in Ireland - - For Allowances to the Principal Officers of certain Public Departments in G. B., their Deputies, Clerks and Contingent Expenses For Ditto in Ireland - - w

For Medicines and Surgical" Materials for Land Forces on the Establishment of G. B^ and of certain Hospital Contingencies - For Ditto in Ireland - For defraying the Charge of' Volunteer Corps in G. B. For Ditto in Ireland - For Four Troops of Dragoons and 14 Companies of Foot stationed in G. B. for recruiting the Corps employed in India - For the Pay of General Officers in Land Forces, not being Colonels of Regiments upon the Establishment of G. B.

For the Year 1820.

say)

From the 25th Dec. 1819, to the 24th Dec. 1820, both inclusive.

For the Year 1820.

From the 25th Dec. 1819, to the 24th

Dec. 1820, both inclusive.

1820,

1° GEO. IV. C. 111

£.28, 866 13 10 1, 266 18 6

6, 271 12 4 86, 177 5 2

3, 417 5 1 738, 960 0 0

Fpr Garrisons at Home and' i Abroad on the Establish- -ment of G. B. - - i

net For the Pay of General^ Officers in Land Forces, not being Colonels of Regiments upon the Establishment of Ireland net For Garrisons in Ireland - For Full Pay for retired and-unattached Officers of Forces upon the Establishment of G. B.

net For Ditto for retired Officers in Ireland For Half Pay to reduced Officers of Land Forces on the Establishment of

44, 427 13 11 net 34, 395 9 0

2, 216 5 5 net 125, 289 0 0

42, 949 8 0 17, 186 6 2 net 895, 938 1 2

191, 742 9 10 net 92, 717 17 4

22, 164 6 8 net 178, 370 12 1

20, 495 12 0

G.B.

For Ditto Ireland For Military Allowances to reduced Officers of Land Forces on the Establishment of G. B.

For Ditto Ireland For Half Pay and reduced Allowances to Officers of disbanded Foreign Corps, Pensions to Wounded Foreign Officers, and Allowances to Widows and Children of deceased Foreign Officers

For In Pensioners of Chelsea

Hospital ... For Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital For Ditto Kilmainham Hospital - For Pensions to Widows of Officers of Land Forces and Marines upon the Establishment of G. B. For Ditto in Ireland For Allowances on Compassionate List and Pensions to Officers for Wounds - For Allowances to reduced Adjutants of Local Militia in G.B.

Hospital For Ditto Kilmainham

473

For the Year 1820.

From the 25th Dec. 1819, to the 24th Dec. 1820, both inclusive.

For the Year 1820.

From the 25th Dec. > 1819, to the 24th

Dec. 1820, both inclusive.

47 *

I- GEO. IV,

A.D. 1820.

VIE

C.lll.

£.30, 228 S 2

9, 007 15 35,000 0

26, 550 0 476, 294 0 241,000 0 1, 200,000 0 309, 839 9

120, 006 7

50.000 0

20.000 0 114, 033 0 100, 077 0

60,000 0

20,000 0

1

0

net

For Allowances, Compensations and Emoluments, in the nature of Superannuation or Retired Allowances to Persons belonging to several Public Departments in G.B., in' respect of their having held Public Offices or Employments of a Civil Nature - For Ditto in Ireland For Fees expected to be paid at the Exchequer on Issues for Army Services for the British Establishment

For Corps remaining to be disbanded in the Year 1820.

For Commissariat Depart-") ment

For Barrack Department in G. B. -

For Extraordinary Expenses of the Army for G. B.

For disembomed Militia in G.B. - For Ditto in Ireland For Clothing the Volunteer Yeomanry in Ditto For Extraordinary Expenses of the Army in Ditto in the Year 1820.

For the Barrack Department in Ditto For Commissariat Department in Ditto For Royal Veteran Battal ions in G.B,

For the Year 1820.

For one Year ending 24th Dec. 1820.

In the Year 1819.

543, 694 8 8

50, 804 19 2

9, 340 18 0

5,000 0 0

1-11, 986 2, 6

302, 996 1 11

fori

For the Year 1820.

0 British por Ditto in Ireland.

C. net.

For Ordnance Service Land Service For Ditto for G. B. and not provided for by Parliament in the Year 1818.

For Ditto for G. B. and not provided for by Parliament in the Year 1819.

For Reductions in the Office of Ordnance for Land Service in G. B. in the Year 1820.

For the Office of Ordnance" in Ireland For Office of Ordnance for G. B.y on account of Allowances to Superannuated, Retired, Half Pay

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 111. 475

£.18, 833 18 5 33, 826 13 7

2, 374 12 11 11, 754 3 9

4, 388 1 1

IX. 38, 500,000 0 0

X. 989, 750 0 0 XL 2,000,000 0 0

and Wounded Officers, to Retired General Officers and to Officers for good For the Year 1820. Services, to Superannuated and Disabled Men and Pensioners, also for Pensions to Widows and Children of deceased Officers late belonging to the several Ordnance Military Corps

For Ditto, and not provided for by Parliament in the Year 1819.

For Allowances, Compensations and Emoluments in the nature of Superannuated or Retired Allowances to Persons late belonging to the Office of I v Ordnance in G. B. in re- For the Year 182°* spect of their having held any Public Offices or Employments of a Civil Nature, and also for Widows* Pensions

For Ditto, and not provided for by Parliament in the Year 1819.

For Office of Ordnance in Ireland, for Pay of Retired Officers of the late Royal Irish Artillery and Engineers, and Pensions to Widows of deceased Officers of the same, in the Year 1820.

For Allowances, Compensations'and Emoluments in the nature of Superannuated or Retired Allowances to Persons late belonging to the Office of I For y 182a Ordnance in Ireland, in respect of their having held any Public Office or Employments of a Civil Nature, and also for Widows' Pensions

For discharging Exchequer Bills charged upon the Supplies of the Years 1818, 1819 and 1820, remaining unprovided for.

For discharging Exchequer Bills issued pursuant to 57 G. 3. c. 34. and 124, for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries in the United Kingdom.

For discharging Irish Treasury Bills charged upon the Supplies of the Year 1820, outstanding and unprovided for.

476

XII.

XIII.

C.II1.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Civil Establishments, £.3, 301 10 0

600 0 0 10, 800 0 0 13, 593 15 0 6, 757 10 0 2, 285 13 2 3, 520 15 0 5, 976 0 0 17, 081 5 0 22, 358 1 0 7,000,000 0 0

10, 009 16 10

21, 471 16 9 35, 500 13 10 1,000,000 0 0 410,000 0 0

60,000 0 0

21,000 0 0

83, 675 0 0 3, 164 0 0

From the 1st Jan. to the 31st Dec. 1820.

For the Year 1819.

To be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

viz.

Bahama Islands, in addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and the incidental Charges attend ing the $ame Dominica

Upper Canada -

Nova Scotia New Brunswick Cape Breton Prince Edward Island Newfoundland New South Wales Sierra Leone

For discharging Amount of Supplies -Towards Expenses 1 For the of the British Year Museum - - (1820.

For the Royal Military Col-Y From the 25th Dec.

lege - f 1819, to the 24th

For the Royal Military Asy- f* Dec. 1820, both lum, Chelsea - -} inclusive.

For discharging Interest on Exchequer Bills, Irish Treasury Bills and Mint Notes.

Being the lOOdtli Part of

41,000,000 of Exchequer Bills, authorised in the last Session of Parliament to be issued and paid by . equal Quarterly Payments to tha Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt

Towards Penitentiary Milbank

For the Year ending 1st February 1820.

building C To be paid without ary at< y f Fee or other De-

- - (1820.] duCti0D *

For the Ditto

Establishment

(From the 24th June 1820, to 24th June 1821.

To be paid without 1 Fee or other Deduction.

For confining, maintaining' and employing Convicts at home For confining and maintaining Criminal Lunatics - For the Year 18$E

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 111.

* 477

£.8,000 0 0

40,000 0 0 3,000 0 0

19, 724 17 9

21,000 0 0

1, 425 11 4

3.500 0 0 1, 933 10 10

3.500 0 0 8, 765 8 5

21,000 0 0

3,000 0 0 9,000 0 0

For Expenses for Prosecutions, &c. relating to the Coin - For Law Charges

For the National Vaccine Estab. lishment

I

I To be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

For the

Year t

0820.)

For Deficiency of Grant of 1819, for printing Acts of Parliament for the Two Houses of Parliament, for the Sheriffs, Clerks of the Peace, and Chief Magistrates throughout the United Kingdom, and for the Acting Justices throughout Great Britain; also for printing Bills, Reports, Evidence, and other Papers and Accounts.

For printing Acts of Parliament for the Two Houses of Parliament, for the Sheriffs, Clerks of the Peace and Chief Magistrates throughout the United Kingdom, and for the Acting Justices throughout Great Britain; also for printing Bills, Reports, Evidence, and other Papers and Accounts for the House of Lords

For Deficiency of Grant of 1819, for printing Votes of the House of Commons during the then Session of Parliament.

For printing Votes of the House of Commons during the last and present Sessions of Parliament.

For the Year 1820.

For Deficiency of Grant of 1819, for printing 1, 750 Copies of the 74th Volume of Journals of the House of Commons.

For printing, in the Year 1820, 1, 750 Copies of the 75th Volume of the Journals of the House of Commons

For Deficiency of Grant of 1819, for printing Bills, Reports and, other Papers, by Order of the House of Commons, during the then Session of Parliament.

For printing Bills, Reports, &c. by Order of the House of Commons, during the last and present Sessions of Parliament.

For reprinting Journals and Reports of the House of Commons, in the Year 1820.

For the Relief of C ) To be paid without American Loyal- year r or other De *(1820.) duction

478 C. 111.

1° GEO. IV.

£.4, 158 S V

73, 608 0 0

85, 628 0 0

100,000 0 0 3, 317 6 9 10,000 0 0 25,000 0 0

21, 200 0 0

150,000 0 0

For Allowances or Compensations, granted or allowed as retired Allowances or Superannuations to Persons formerly employed in Public Offices or Departments, or in the Public Service, according to 50G.S. c. 117.

To make good Deficiency of the Fee Funds in the De-

partment of the Treasury, Three Secretaries of State and Privy Council For Contingent Expenses, and Messengers' Bills, in the Departments of the Treasury, Three Secretaries of State, Privy Council and Lord Chamberlain - For Bills drawn or to be drawn from New South Wales -

Towards the Repair of' Henry the Seventh's Chapel For Works carrying on at the College of Edinburgh For maintaining and repairing die British Forts on the Coast of Africa For Salaries and Incidental Expenses of the Commissioners under the Treaties with Foreign Powers, for preventing the illicit Traffic in Slaves, and in pursuance of

58 G. 3. c. 36. and

59 G. 3. c. 16.

For paying the Awards

of the Commissioners for carrying into effect a Convention between His Majesty and His Most Faithful Majesty, signed at London, V&thjuly 1817, to Claimants of Portuguese Ves-

o3

0)

0)

rC

A.D. 1820.

For the Year 182a

To be paid w ithout Fee or other Deduction.

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C.lll

479

£41, 787 0 0

7,000 0 0

21, 668 0 0

6.889 6 7

27, 604 0 0

60,000 0 0 12, 528 14 5

25, 466 13 0

5,000 0 0

25,000 0 0

12,000 0 0

300.000 0 0

100.000 0 0

For the Year 1820.

For the Year 1820.

sels and Cargoes captured by British Cruisers on account of the unlawfully trading in Slaves, from the 1st of June 1814 ...

For Works and Repairs of *

Public Buildings -

For Salaries to the Officers, and Expenses of the Court and Receipt of Exchequer

For the Expenses of the Houses of Lords and Commons

For making good Deficiency of the Sum granted in the Year 1819, for Expenses of the Houses of Lords and Commons.

For Salaries and Allowances to Officers of the Houses of Lords and Commons

For Secret Services

For Expenses for printing, by Order of the Commissioners on the Public Records of the Kingdom -

For making good to the Civil Contingencies the like Sum advanced thereout in the Year 1819 for Public Services, not being Part of the Ordinary Expenditure of the Civil Contingencies.

For the Refuge f pQr 1 To be paid without

for the Des-, QOA > Fee or other De-

titute - (Year 1820^ duction.

For Relief to Toulonese and Corsican Emigrants, Saint Domingo Sufferers, Dutch Naval Officers, and others, who have heretofore received Allowances from His Majesty, and who from Services performed or Losses sustained in the British Service, have special Claims upon the Crown.

For Miscellaneous Printing, done by Order of the House of Commons, in the Session of 1819.

For providing for such Expenses of a Civil Nature, I as do not form Part of the For the Year 1820. Ordinary Charges of the

Civil List -

For the Governors of Queen j T£

Annes Bounty -

Fee or other Deduction.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

480 C. 111.

* .100,000 a o

22, 594 0 0

60,000 0 0

100,000 0 0

403 6 0

10, 500 0 0

200,000 0 0

British Currency net. XIV. 1, 153 16 11

XV. 12, 500 0 0

19,000 0 Q

Towards completing the Purchases for completing

For further Alterations"

and Improvements of

the Road between the i

Village of Chirk and 00 1 — 1

Bangor Ferry, in s

North Wales >£ '

For making an Inland 0)

Navigation from the s

Eastern to the West- o

ern Sea, by Inverness and Fort William -

To be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

For Expenses on account of His Majesty's Coronation.

For Persons who at the Time of His late Majesty's Decease received Salaries or Allowances from His Majesty's Privy Purse.

For Allowances from the"

29th January to the 5th July 1820, to certain Of-cers and Attendants upon His late Majesty, and to certain other Persons to | whom he had granted Pensions and Allowances, payable out of His Privy Purse -

Towards satisfying such Annuities, Pensions and other Payments as would have been payable out of the Civil List in case the Demise of His late Majesty had npt taken place before 25th April 1820, or out of the Consolidated Fund of G. B. in case the Demise of His late Majesty had not taken place before the said 5th April 1820; and for enabling His Majesty to make such Advances as may be necessary for the Expenses of Her Majesty, until Parliament make other Provision in respect thereof.

To be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

For Remuneration to certain Public Officers in Ireland, for their Extraordinary Trouble in

1820.

For the probable Expen-'i diture of the Board of Works in Ireland - i

For Printing, Stationery and* other Disbursements for the Chief and Under Secretaries' Offices and Apartments and other Public Offices in Dublin Castle, &cn and for Rid-

For the Year 1820.

A.D. 1820.

I GEO. IV. C.lll

4*81

British Currency net.

C. 9, 500 0 0 3, 400 0 0

20,000 0 0

1,000 0 0

8, 628 0 0

4, 034* 15 5

756 0 0

1, 718 0 0 3, 450 0 0

12,000 0 0

6, 440 0 0 378 0 0

26,000 0 0

6,000 0 0

3,000 0 0

1 Geo. IV.

For One Year, ending the 5th January 1.821.

ing Charges and other Expenses of the Deputy Pursuivants and extra Messengers attending the said Offices, also Superannuated Allowances in the Chief Secretary's Office

For publishing Proclamations and other Matters of a Public Nature in the Dublin Gazette and other Newspapers in Ireland

For printing 1, 500 Copies of a compressed Quarto Edition of the Statutes of the U. K. for the Use of the Magistrates of Ireland, and 250 Copies of a Folio Edition of the same, bound for the Use of the Lords, Bishops and Public Officers in Ireland.

For Criminal Prosecutions! and other Law Expenses ] in Ireland

For

J For One Year, ending the 5th January 1821.

For Seceding Ministers from the Synod of Ulster

i

For Protestant Dissenting Ministers in Ireland

For Lottery Officers in /re-

land

apprehending Public [

Offenders in Ireland For Noneonforming Ministers in Ireland

For One Year, ending the 25th March 1821.

For One Year, ending the 5th January 1821.

For One Year, ending the 24th'/i*ne

182a

For the Establishment and')

Maintenance of the Public

Navigations in Ireland, J vested in the Directors of

Inland Navigation - J For carrying on the Works at Dunmore Harbour in the Year 1820.

For Ditto at Howth Harbour in Ditto.

For clothing the Battle Axe Guards for 18 Months, from the 1st June 1820.

For the Police and Watch '

Establishments of the City and District of Dublin - I For Commissioners of En- l quiry into Courts of Jus-! tice, &c. in Ireland In aid of Schools established by Voluntary Contributions.

Ii

>For the Year 1820.

For One Year, ending the 5th January 1821.

482

XVI.

XVII.

C. 111.

tish Currency net. 9, 230 0 0

18, 461 0 0 19, 938 0 0

11,000 0 0

276 18 H

300 0 0

4,000 0 0

24,000 0 0

30,000 0 0

24, 438 0 0

C. 500 0 0

9,000 0 0

1, 800 0 0

2, 600 0 0

4,000 0 0

3,000 0 0

1, 400 0 0

4, 600 0 0

460 0 0

8, 928 0 0

6, 462 0 0

1° GEO. IV.

For building Churches and' Glebe Houses and purchasing Glebes in Ireland Further for Ditto For the Trustees of Linen and Hempen Manufactures of Ireland, to be by them applied in such Manner as they shall think fit to promote the said Manufactures For Commissioners for making wide and convenient Streets in the City of Dublin

For the Chairman of the* Board of Inland Navigation in Ireland For putting the House of tr demy in Grafton Street in For completing the Lough* Allan Canal For the Protestant Charter' Schools in Ireland For the Foundling Hospital, Dublin -

For the House of Industry, Hospital and Asylums for - industrious Children, in Dublin -

For the Richmond Lunatic Asylum, Dublin - For the Hibernian Society for Soldiers* Children For the probable Charge of the Hibernian Marine Society in Dublin For the Female Orphan House in the Circular Road near Dublin For the Westmorland Lock Hospital, Dublin For the Lying-in Hospital, Dublin For Dr. Steven's Hospital - For the Fever Hospital and House of Recovery, Cork Street, Dublin For the Hospital for Incurables in Dublin For the Roman Catholic Seminary in Ireland For the Association for discountenancing Vice and

A.D. 1820.

For One Year, ending the 5th«/anif-ary 1821.

For the Year 1820-

le Royal Irish Aca-perfect Repair.

For the Year 1820.

For One Year, ending the 5th January 1821.

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 111, 112.

483

XXI.

XXII.

xxiii.

£.140 0 0

British Currency net.

promoting the Knowledge and Practice of the Christian Religion For the Green Coat Hospital of Cork For the Cork Institution - For the Society for promoting the Education of the Poor of Ireland For the Dublin Society For the Farming Society of Ireland -

For Civil Contingencies in Ireland -J

Supplies to be applied only for the Purposes aforesaid.

Rules for Application of Half Pay.

Proviso for receiving Half Pay under the General or Local Militia Acts, Yeomanry or Volunteers.

Half Pay to Officers of Manx Fencibles.

Ditto to Chaplains of Regiments in Possession of Ecclesiastical Benefices not derived from the Crown.

Application of Overplus of Sums under 59 Geo. 3. c. 133.

2, 300

5, 538

8,000

2, 500

0

0

XVffl. 20,000 0 0

XIX.

XX.

CAP. CXII.

An Act for improving and completing the Harbour of Port

Patrick in Scotland, so as to render the same a more fit

Situation for His Majesty's Packets.

[24th July 1820.]

WHEREAS the present Harbour of Port Patrick, in the County of Wigton in Scotland, has been found insufficient for the Purpose of affording proper Accommodation to His Majesty's Packets on the Station between Port Patrick and Donaghadee; and it is desirable and expedient that, for the more regular and speedy Conveyance of the Mails, a fit and proper Harbour for that Purpose should be constructed at Port Patrick Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That out of the io, ooool. paid Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and out of Conaoli-Ireland, there shall be issued and paid at the Receipt of His *Fun^to Majesty's Exchequer in Great Britain, by the Commissioners of ^onen for His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three of them, ecuting Act. from time to time, to such Persons as shsul be appointed Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, any Sum or Sums not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, without any Deduction whatever, to be applied by such Commissioners towards improving of the said Harbour and rendering the same a more fit Situation for His Majesty's Packets.

6. And be it further enacted, That Sir William Maxwell of CooimiiMonm. Monreithy Baronet, Sir Andrew Agnew of Lochnaw, Baronet, Sir James Dalrymple Hay of Park Place, Baronet, Sir Hew Dalrymple

484

C. 112.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Treasury to add Four to the Number of Commissioner*.

Three Commit, sioners may act.

Treasury to supply Vacancies.

Commissioners to take the following Oath.

Treasury to

appoint a Secretary.

X

Commissioners to appoint Clerks, Engineers, Workmen, &c.

Hamilton of Bargarry, Baronet, James Hunter Blair, Esquire, Thomas Francis Kennedy, Esquire, John Vans Agnevo, Esquire, of Shenchan, John Cathcart, Esquire, of Genoch, Edward Hull, Esquire, the Reverend John McKenzie, Doctor in Divinity, the Collector of the Customs at Port Patrick for the time being, and also such other Person or Persons, not exceeding Four in Number, as shall be nominated and appointed by the Lora High Treasurer, or by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them, who is and are hereby authorised and empowered to make such Nomination and Appointment, shall be Commissioners for the Execution of this Act; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, or any Three or more of them, who are hereby declared to be a Quorum, to do any Act, Matter or Thing whatever in the Execution of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case of any Vacancy or Vacancies by Death or Resignation of any one or more of the said Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, for the time being, to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons as he or they may think proper to supply such Vacancy or Vacancies; and that every Person so nominated and appointed shall be invested with all such Powers as are by this Act given to any Commissioner appointed by this Act, in whose Room such Person or Persons shall be nominated and appointed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Commissioner for the Execution of this Act shall take and subscribe the Oath following, before he shall take upon himself the Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby given, other than administering the said Oath:

4 J A.B. do swear, That I will, without Favour or Affection, 4 Hatred or Malice, truly, faithfully and impartially, according

to the best of my Skill and Judgment, execute and perform all

and every of the Powers, Authorities and Duties of a Commissioner, reposed in me under and by virtue of an Act made in

the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled [here set forth the Title of this Act].

So help me GOD. '

Which Oath any one of the said Commissioners, or any Person named in any Appointment of Commissioners, is hereby authorised and required to administer at the first or any other Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, for the time being, from time to time to nominate and appoint a Secretary to the said Commissioners; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to nominate and appoint One or more Clerk or Clerks, and also from time to time to employ such Engineers, Surveyors and other Officers, and such Labourers, Workmen and Artificers, as the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, or any

A.D. 1820.

1° GEO. IV. C. 112. 485

Three of them, shall think proper and expedient for the better carrying into execution the Purposes of this Act, and to pay and allow to such Secretary and Clerk such Salary or Allowance as the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, with the Consent of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, shall think fit.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such Secretary Secretary and and Clerk, and every Engineer, Person and Officer to be appointed other Officers under this Act, shall take and subscribe the following Oath, before to t?ke fo," he shall take upon himself the Execution of any of the Duties an- lowing nexed to his said Office; which Oath any one of the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, or any Justice of the Peace of the said County of Wigton, is hereby authorised and empowered to administer:

J C.D. do swear, That I will truly and faithfully, without Fraud or Concealment, do, perform and execute the several Duties attached to the Office of Secretary (Clerk, Engineer, Surveyor,

&c.) to which I have been appointed under the Commissioners for improving and completing the Harbour at Port Patrick in the County of Wigton; and that I will not accept or receive, directly or indirectly, any Monies, Fees, Perquisites or Profits,

by way of Commission, Premium, Percentage, Poundage or otherwise, for or by reason of the said Office or any of the Duties annexed thereto, or by reason of any Account, Contract or Payment made or to be made, or in any way relating to the said Harbour, or any of the Materials or Works thereof, save such (

Payment and Compensation only as shall be paid or allowed to me by the said Commissioners. So help me GOD. '

And if any such Secretary, Clerk, Engineer, Surveyor or Officer, Officer* guilty shall be guilty of any Fraud, Concealment or other Matter con- «.jT*ud trary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Oath, and be M"deme*Ilor* thereof convicted, he shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor; and it shall be lawful for the Court, by and before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, to inflict such Punishment as may be by Law inflicted on a Person guilty of a Misdemeanor.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Commissioner* for the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, to sue and m*y s.ufe aml h*. be sued in the Name of their Secretary for the time being; and jJ«moo?thel« that all Actions, Suits, Prosecutions, Informations, Appeals and Secretary, other Proceedings whatsoever, that may be had, taken, prosecuted or defended by or against the said Commissioners, shall be had, taken and prosecuted in the Name of their said Secretary; and that no such Action, Suit, Prosecution, Information, Appeal or other Proceedings, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Secretary, but that the Secretary for the time being shall be always deemed the Party suing or defending in every ' such Action.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Commissioner* the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, or such Person ?*e

or Persons as they shall by any Writing or Writings under their lo

Hands, or the Hands of any Three or more of them, nominate deepened ° and appoint, and their Agents, Officers, Workmen and-Servants, andcleruwed, and they are hereby authorised, empowered and required, to and Piers,

deepen,

C. 112.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Quays, and other Works to be erected, and all Obstructions to the Navigation to be removed.

Roads to be made, &c. for Conveyance of Materials, which may be prepared and taken from Lands adjoining.

Satisfaction to be made to the Owners of Premises.

deepen, cleanse and scour the said Port and Harbour of Port Patrick, and to make, erect and build such Pier or Piers, Quay or Quays, Jetty or Jetties, and to make and construct all such other Works as shall be necessary for improving, enlarging, completing and preserving the said Port and Harbour, and for that Purpose to dig, take up, remove and carry away any Rocks, Stones, Soil, Sand, Gravel, Rubbish or other gross Matter which shall obstruct, prejudice or hinder the Navigation of the said Port and Harbour or the Improvement thereof, and to cast, lay and lodge the same behind such Pier or Piers, Quay or Quays, Jetty or Jetties, as shall be requisite for effecting the Purposes of this Act, be it the Ground or Soil of His Majesty or of any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate whomsoever; and also to dig, cut, remove and take away all Beds of Gravel, Sand, Stones, or any other Obstruction or Impediments whatsoever, which may any way obstruct the said Port and Harbour or the Improvement or Use thereof, and also to build, erect, set up and make in the said Port and Harbour, or upon the Landis adjoining or near the same, such Quays, Wharfs, Jetties, Works, Erections and Buildings as and where the said Commissioners shall think proper and necessary for the carrying on, completing, improving, maintaining and preserving the said Port and Harbour, and rendering the same safe and commodious for His Majesty's Packets and all other Ships and Vessels repairing thither; and also to make, amend, widen, turn, alter or enlarge any Roads, Ways, Passages or other Conveniencies, as the said Commissioners shall thina proper and necessary for the carrying and conveying of all Sorts of Materials to and from the said Port and Harbour; and also to carry and convey the same in, over and upon any Lands or Grounds, in order to the making, carrying on, perfecting and improving and finishing of the said Piers, Quays, Wharfs, Jetties, Works, Erections and Buildings, and for altering, repairing and maintaining the same; and also to lay, work, and manufacture the said Materials upon the Ground near to the Place or Places where the said Works, or any of them, shall be or are intended to be made, erected or done; and also to get, dig, take and carry away Soil, Sand, Rock, Clay, Gravel and other Materials proper, requisite and convenient for making, carrying on, altering and continuing the said Works and Undertakings, in or from any Ground of any Person or Persons adjoining or lying contiguous to the said Port or Harbour (not being Ground whereon any House stands, nor having been for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months then next immediately preceding an Orchard, Pleasure Ground or Planted Walk, or Avenue to a House); and also to make, complete and maintain all and every or any such Ways and Roads whatever, as and where the said Commissioners shall think requisite and convenient for the Purposes of this Act, and to do and perform all other Works, Matters and Things which shall be necessary or proper for the improving and completing of the said Port and Harbour and rendering the same safe and commodious, and for executing the Purposes of this Act according to the true Intent; and Meaning thereof; they the said Commissioners, and the other Persons hereby empowered to perform the said Works and Things, doing as little Damage as may be to and upon the Premises, and giving

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 1IS.

487

or tendering such Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of and Persons interested in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments respectively, for any Damage that may happen or be occasioned to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, as the said Commissioners shall for that Purpose order, adjudge, direct or appoint, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act; and in ease of any Difference or Dispute concerning such Damages How Diflfer-or the Quantum thereof, the same shall be settled and determined cnce# #0ttied-in the Manner by this Act provided with respect to the Value of Land or Premises taken or used for the Purposes of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Commissioners to and for the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act for the enterJ.nto time being, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to peof^cTof contract and agree with any fit and proper Person or Persons, the Works. Engineer, Surveyor, Artificers, Workmen and others, for the

making, doing, completing and finishing all or any of the said Works hereby authorised to be done and performed for the completing, executing and finishing the said Harbour at Port Patrick or any Part thereof, or for supplying any of the Materials for the

same; and every such Contract shall be signed by the Person or Contracts to be Persons contracting or agreeing to perform such Works respec- "S11*1-lively, and also by Three or more of the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, or by the Secretary authorised by the said Commissioners or any Four of them for that Purpose; and all Contracts which shall or may be so entered into, shall be and the same are hereby declared good, valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for the Commissioners Execution of this Act shall be and they are hereby empowered, (with Consent with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer, Tr*"ury) or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to be signified ^Persons in manner hereinafter mentioned, to take and acquire, and all may sell, &c. Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate Premises for or Sole, Heirs of Entail, Husbands, Trustees, Guardians, and all Purposes of and every Person and Persons whatsoever, though under any legal Act* Disability or Incapacity, are hereby empowered and required to

sell, feu, let and convey all such Lanas or Houses as may be necessary for the Purposes of this Act, upon such Satisfaction being made to the Owner or Owners, and Occupier or Occupiers, Satisfaction, as can be agreed upon by and between the said Commissioners and such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers; and in the Event that they cannot agree, then upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be awarded and determined in the Manner herein directed.

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That before purchase Before Pur-ing or acquiring, or taking or entering upon the Possession of chase made. See. any of the Lands, Houses, Hereditaments or others, authorised to tobesub-be acquired by virtue of this Act, or before commencing o* to undertaking any of the Works hereby authorised to be carried on, stxry, who may the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act shall and consent to the they are hereby required to lay before and to submit to the Lord Purchase.

High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, a Map or Plan, or Maps or Plans of all such Lands, Houses or Hereditaments intended to be purchased

I i 4 or

488

C. 112.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Notice of Determination in reaped of Plans.

Premises to vest in Commissioners on Payment of Price, &c.

Before entering on Lands Six Months' Notice to Owners, &c.

Purchase Money, if refused, paid into Bank.

If Persons cannot agree as to Value of Premises, or refuse to treat, a Jury to be summoned to value Premises.

or acquired, and of all or such Part of the said Works as the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act intend to be carried on and completed; and it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, for the time being, to examine and consider such Plans, and to direct such Purchases to be made, and to approve or alter such Plans of such Works, and to direct the same to be put in execution, or suspended or laid aside, or varied and altered in whole or in part, as he or they shall deem expedient; and the said Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, shall give Notice in Writing under his. or their Hands of his or their Approbation or other Determination in respect of such Plans, which Determination the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act shall then proceed to carry into Effect according to such Approbation or Determination.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Lands, Houses and Hereditaments, which may be acquired by the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act for the Purposes of this Act, shall be vested in the said Commissioners by the simple Discharge for the agreed Price or appraised Value thereof, whereupon the said Commissioners shall be entitled to take and use the said Lands and Hereditaments, and shall hold the same as validly and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the respective Owners thereof had executed in their Favour regular Conveyances of the same,

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That just Compensation shall be made to the Owners and Occupiers of all Lands, Grounds, Houses, Walls and Fences required for the Purposes of this Act, and for all Damage done to the same by carrying this Act into Execution; and before entering upon any such Lands, Grounds, Houses, Walls or Fences, or injuring the same, the said Commissioners shall give at least Six Calendar Months' Notice in Writing to the Owners and Occupiers thereof, and shall also* make Payment or a Tender of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be agreed upon, or shall be ascertained to be a just Compensation for the same as herein directed, or in case of Refusal to take or accept the same, shall deposit the same in one of the Banks after mentioned, as hereinafter directed.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act cannot agree with the Owners or Occupiers of any Lands or Hereditaments required for the Purposes of this Act, or the Damage to be done to the same in the Execution thereof, as to the Value of such Lands, Houses or Hereditaments, or the Amount of such Damage; or vn case such Owners or Occupiers shall refuse to treat with the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act for the same, Application shall be made by the said Commissioners or their Secretary, to the Sheriff of the said County, to summon a Jury, in order to value the Grounds or Hereditaments so required, or to ascertain the Amount of such Damages; and the said Sheriff is hereby empowered and required upon such Application to order Notice to be given to the Owner or Owners, and Occupier or Occupiers of such Ground or Premises, and afterwards to issue a Summons in the usual Manner

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV.

c. ri2.

489

for calling together and impannelling a Jury, consisting of Twelve Persons, who being duly sworn, the said Sheriff shall proceed to examine upon Oath in their Presence such Witnesses as shall be summoned by either Party, and upon their Testimony and other competent Evidence, such Jury shall determine the Price or Damages to be paid by the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act; and in estimating the Sums to be paid to the Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Houses or Hereditaments as aforesaid, and in making up their Verdict, the said Jury are hereby empowered to take under their Consideration all Circumstances, particularly the Advantages arising to the Owners and Occupiers by the Alterations or Improvements directed by this Act; and after a Verdict sheriff to pro-is pronounced as aforesaid, the said Sheriff is hereby required to nounce Judg. adjudge Payment of the Value and Amount of the Loss or Da- menton Ver-mage thereby awarded to the Persons having a Right thereto; and of Jury" upon Payment or a Tender of Payment being made by the said AwofM°r Commissioners, as the Case may be, the Commissioners for the n "awarded, *" Execution of this Act shall from thenceforth be entitled to take Premises to and use the Ground and Premises so valued for the Purposes of vest in Com-this Act, as fully and effectually ever after to all Intents and misrioner*. Purposes, as if the Owner or Owners, and Occupier or Occupiers of the Lands, Houses, Grounds or Hereditaments, had executed regular Conveyances of the same; and the said Proceedings and Orders of the Sheriff shall be final and conclusive, and not removeable to, or liable to review by any Court whatever, any Law or Usa^e to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in the event that Expenses of such Jury shall award a greater Compensation than the Commis- Inquest how to

#sioners for the Execution of this Act shall have offered, but less than the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, shall have required, the Expense of the Proceedings shall be defrayed and borne by the said Commissioners, and the said Owner or Owners,

Occupier or Occupiers, equally; but in case the said Jury shall award to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, the Sum so required, or any greater Sum, the whole of the said Expense shall be paid by the said Commissioners; and on the other hand, if the said Jury shall award the Sum offered by the said Commissioners, or a less Sum, the whole of the said Expense shall be paid by the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers: Provided always, Proviso, that in all Cases where any Person or Persons shall by reason of Absence be prevented from treating with the said Commissioners, such Costs and Expenses shall be borne and paid by the said Commissioners.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be How Purchase* agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Here- Money for ditaments, purchased, taken or used by virtue of the Powers of ^and*lI"der this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which are held under Entail, or bebngingto01^ are subject to Life Rents, Annuities or other Incumbrances, or CorpSations, shall belong to any Corporation, married Woman, Infant, Lunatic, &c. where it or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such exceeds 200I. Money, in case the same shall exceed the Sum of Two hundred disposed of. Pounds, shall be, under the Direction and by the Authority of the

Court of Session, with all convenient Speed, paid into the Bank of Scotland, Royal Bank of Scotland, or Bank of the British Linen

490

C. 112.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Where Purchase Money does not exceed 2001. but is more than 20l.

Company, by the said Commissioners, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, sitting in either of the Divisions thereof^ to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Kents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorise to be paid, affecting the same Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments standing settled therewith to the same or the like Uses, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking effect; and in the meantime, and until such Purchase shall be made, the Interest or Annual Produce of such Money shall from time to time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any* Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Incorporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall not exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds Sterling, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds Sterling, then and in all such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her or their Tutors or Curators in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, under the Direction and Authority of the Court of Session, sitting m either of its Divisions as aforesaid, be paid into the Bank of Scotland, the Royal Bank of Scotland, or British Linen Company, and be placed to the Account of the Person or Persons so entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Commissioners, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) , in order that such principal Money, and the Interest arising therefrom, may be applied in any manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the Case be applicable.

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV.

C, J12.

491

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as last before mentioned shall not exceed Twenty Pounds Sterling, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Tutors or Curators, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the same, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments be not known or discovered; then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, or British Linen Company, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments [describing them], subject to the Order, Controul and Disposition of the Court of Session; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money or any Part thereof, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem jjust and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of Scotland, Royal Bank of Scotland, or British Linen Company, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for-what and for whose Use the same is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the said Banks in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments or Heritages, or of any Estate, Right or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments or Heritages to be purchased in pursuance thereof, the Person or Persons who shall have*been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments or Heritages at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and

Where ii does not exceed 20L

On default of Title, Refusal to execute Con-reyance, or if Owners cannot be found, Money awarded paid into Rank of Scotland, &c. to Credit of Parties interested, subject to Controul of Court of See-sion.

Cashier to giro Receipts.

On Question touching Title, Persons in Possession deemed Owners until contrary shewn to Court of Session.

C. 112.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Where Money paid into Banks to be applied in Purchase of other Premises, Expenses paid by Commissioners.

Commissioners may, with Consent of Treasury, sell such Part of Premises purchased as shall not be necessary for Purposes of Act.

Application of Money arising from Sale.

Four Commissioners may authorise Secretary todo any special Act for the Commissioners.

taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments or Heritages, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court; and such Money and the Interest thereof shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments or Heritages, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments or Heritages to be purchased under Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Banks, and to be applied to the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments or Heritages^ to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said'Court to order the Expense of all Purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of the said Expenses as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, who snail pay such Sum or Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, by and with the Advice and Consent after mentioned, to contract for the granting, leasing, selling or disposing of, and to grant, lease, sell and dispose of any Part of any Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which shall or may from time to time be purchased under this Act, and which shall or may not be necessary for the Purposes thereof: Provided always, that every Contract, and every Lease or Sale of any such Lanas, Tenements and Hereditaments, or any Part of them, shall receive the separate Approbation and Consent of the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three of them, and shall be made after Public Notice given of such intended Contract, Lease or Sale, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall from time to time order and direct; and all Monies arising from the Sale thereof, and all the Monies arising from the Produce of the Rent of such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the Commissioners for executing this Act, and shall be applied by them for and towards the Purposes of this Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, by any Writing under the Hands of them or any Four of them, from time to time to authorise and empower their Secretary for the time being to do any special Act, Matter or Thing, which such Commissioners are by this Act authorised to do; and every Act, Matter or Thing done by such Secretary in the Execution of such Power and Authority, shall be as good and valid to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were done by such Commissioners.

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 112. 493

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Limits of the said Harbour of Port Patrick shall be deemed and considered to be and extend from Dunskye Castle, on the South, to the Rock called The Half Tide Rocky on the North.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three of them, from time to time to appoint a Person to act as Harbour Master within the said Harbour, and to allow him such Salary or Remuneration for his Trouble as the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall think fit, not exceeding One hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum, and to remove any Harbour Master so appointed, and to appoint another in his Room or Stead, as they shall see proper; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Harbour Master, as he shall think fitting and expedient, to lay down Moorings or Mooring Chains, and erect and to set up Land Marks, Beacons and Buoys, in any Place or Places in the said Harbour of Port Patrick, or adjoining Lands between Dunskye Castle on the South and the Half Tide Rock on the North, for the Guidance and Safety of His Majesty's Packets, and all other Ships and Vessels entering the said Harbour.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if the said Harbour Master shall directly or indirectly ask or demand, or take or receive any Fee, Gratuity or Reward, for the Performance of his Duty under this Act, or under Pretext or Pretence of any Act done by him in Execution of this Act, over or beyond such Salary or Allowance as aforesaid, such Harbour Master shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, together with Double the Amount of such Fee, Gratuity or Reward.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That every such Harbour Master shall have Power and Authority to direct the mooring, unmooring, moving or removing of ail Ships or other Vessels coming into, lying or being in the said Port or Harbour of Port Patriae, or the Limits thereof as described in this Act, and to appoint and regulate the Time or Times and the Manner of their Entrance into, lying in, or going out of or from such Harbour, and to regulate and determine the Position of such Ships and other Vessels; and in case any Owner, Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of any Ship or other Vessel, shall refuse or neglect to moor, unmoor, place, move or remove his Ship or Vessel according to such Directions, upon Notice to him or them given, or left with any Person or Persons on board of such Ship or Vessel for that Purpose, every such Owner, Master or other Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Harbour Master and his Assistants, and he and his Assistants are hereby required, to moor, unmoor, place, move or remove such Ship and Vessel accordingly; and in case any Master, Commander, Mate, Pilot or other Person or Persons taking Charge or Command of any Ship or other Vessel, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, snail obstruct or hinder the mooring, unmooring, placing, moving or removing of any Ship or other Vessel lying or being in the said Harbour, or the Limits or any

Limits of Harbour.

Harbour Master to be appointed by the Treasury.

Salary.

To lay down Moorings and MooringChains and erect Land Marks, &c.

No Fee to be taken by Harbour Master.

[Penalty.]

Harbour Muster to direct th# mooring, &c. of Vessels:

Ship Masters disobeying hit Orders,

[Penalty.]

Obstructing Harbour Master,

C. 112.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

[Penalty.]

Obstructing Workmen, Penalty.

Destroying Works, Felony.

Wilfully damaging Boats or other Vessels in the Harbour, Goods upon the Quays, &c.

[Penalty.]

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Part thereof as described iit this Act, then and in every such Case such Person or Persons so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully obstruct, molest or hinder any Surveyor, Engineer, Workmen or Labourers employed by the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, or their Secretary for the Purposes of this Act, in the Performance of his, her or their Duty or Employment in the Execution of this Act, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully, and to the Prejudice of the said Harbour, break, throw down, destroy, or in anywise damage or injure any Pier, Dock, Quay, Reservoir, Erection, Machine, Building, Road, Way or other Work whatsoever to be erected or made by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof, or of any Works erected in pursuance of this Act, every such Person so offending shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony, and the Court by 'or before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished as a Felon may be punished by the Law of Scotland, or in Mitigation of such Punishment such Court may award such lesser Punishment as to such Court shall seem proper.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously damage or destroy any Wherry, Boat or Vessel lying within the Harbour of Port Patrick, or upon any of the Piers, Quays, Roads or Ways leading to or belonging to the said Harbour, or either or any of them, or any Rope, Cable, Anchor, Oar, Spear, or any Tackling, Necessary or Material belonging to any such Wherry, Boat or other Vessel, or any of the Furniture, Cargo or Property belonging to or on board sudh Boats or Vessels, or any Goods or Property of any Person or Persons whatsoever, which may be lying at or upon or along such Piers, Quays, Roads or Ways, or any of them, or any of the Tools, Implements, Materials or other Goods, Chattels or Property used Or intended to be used in the said Harbour, or the Works connected therewith or belonging thereto, or to the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, or to any other Person, for the Use of the said Works, that then and in such Case the Person or Persons so offending shall, upon Conviction, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and F6r-feitures by tfiis Act imposed, the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not otherwise particularly directed, shall and may be recovered before any one or more Justice or Justices of thd Peace for the said County of Wigton, on the Oath of one or mort credible Witness or Witnesses, and shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, and by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such ong or more Justices of the Peace, which Warrant or Warrants such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant, without Fee or Reward; and such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, after rendering the Overplus, if any be, when demanded,

1° GEO. IV. C. 112. 495

to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and sold, the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deducted, shall be paid, if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act, to the Harbour Master of the said Harbour, to be by him accounted for to the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, and shall be by the said Commissioners applied to and for the Purposes of this Act; and if sufficient Distress shall not be found, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction wittim the said County of Wigton, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures and all reasonable Charges shall be sooner paid.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Person or Persons who shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any Proceedings to be had in the Execution of this Act, for which no particular Relief has been hereby provided, may within Three Calendar Months after the Matter complained of shall have been done, but not afterwards, lodge an Appeal to the Justices of the Peace of the County of Wirton, the Appellant giving Ten Days' previous Notice of such Appeal to the Defender or Defenders, and to the Secretary of the said Commissioners, and lodging with such Appeal a Bond with sufficient Caution for implementing the Sentence to be pronounced by such Justices, and for paying such Expense as may be ultimately awarded; and such Justices shall have Authority to hear and determine the Matters in dispute; and their Judgments therein shall be final and conclusive, without being subject to review in any Court of Advocation, Suspension, Reduction or otherwise; and provided further, that all Actions for any Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, or for any thing done in the Execution thereof, shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months after the Fact was done or committed, and not afterwards.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That jthe said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act shall from time to time, once at least in every Year, make a Report of the Progress of the Works executed or executing under the Authority of this Act, and shall also, whenever thereto required by the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, render and give Reports, and render Accounts to die Lord High Treasurer, or to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, of the Amount-of all Money received by the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, and of the Application thereof for the Purposes of this Act in manner aforesaid; and it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and required to examine every such Account, and in cafte they shall approve thereof, to signify such his or their Approbation in Writing at the Foot of such Account, signed by the said Lord High Treasurer, or by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, for the time being, and to transmit and return the same so approved to the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act; and every Account so approved and signed as aforesaid shall be a full and sufficient Discharge to the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, from-

Limitation of Appeal to Justices of County of Wigton.

Notice of Apped.

Final.

Limitation of Action for executing Act.

Commissioners to make a Yearly Report of Progress of Works to Treasury, and also when required an Account of Receipts and Disbursements, which, when approved, shall be an Acquittance to the Commiwopera.

C. 112*113.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Persons employed in improving the Harbour reimbursed Expenses, &c. by Commissioners, with Consent of Treasury.

A Sum not exceeding 10,000L to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund to the Commissioners for executing this Act.

m The Lord Lieu« tenant may appoint 12 Persons to be Commissioners.

or on account of all such Sums of Money as shall be mentioned in any such Account, and for the Expenditure and Application thereof; and the Commissioners for the Execution of -this Act shall not be compelled or compellable to give or render any further or other Account of any such Money, or of the Expenditure or Application thereof, any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, out of any Funds applicable to the Purposes of this Act, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to reimburse and repay to any Person or Persons who have been or may be employed in forwarding or promoting the Improvement of the said Harbour of Port Patrick, for all such Loss of Time, Trouble, Expense and Services, as he or they may have from time to time been or may be at in the Furtherance of such Object, and to take Credit for the same in their Accounts accordingly.

CAP. CXIII.

An Act for granting a certain Sum of Money towards improving the Harbour of Donaghadee in Ireland, and rendering it a more fit Situation for His Majesty's Packets.

[24th July 1820.]

WHEREAS the Port of Donaghadee in the County of Dawn in Ireland is now a Station for His Majesty's Packets to and from Port Patrick in Scotland; and the improving and cotnpleting the said Port of Donaghadee and the Harbour there would be highly beneficial in facilitating the Intercourse between His Majesty's Subjects in Great Britain and Ireland, and in affording Accommodation to Cruizers employed in the Prevention of Smuggling, and to the Shipping navigating the Channel May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That out of the Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland arising in Ireland there shall be issued and paid, at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland, to such Persons

as shall be appointed Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds British Currency, without any Deduction whatever; which Sum shall be applied by such Commissioners towards improving the said Harbour, and rendering the same a more fit Situation for His Majesty's Packets.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, to appoint by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, any Persons whom he or they may think proper, not exceeding Twelve in Number, to be Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, who shall act without Fee or Reward; and such Persons so to be appointed shall be and are hereby appointed

1° GEO. IV. C. 115. 497

Commissioners for the Execution of this Act; and it shall and may be lawful for any Three of the said Commissioners to do any Act, Matter or Thing whatever, in the Execution of this Act, except in Cases specially provided for by this Act.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to revoke or annul the Appointment of any Person or Persons so appointed to be a Commissioner or Commissioners for the Execution of this Act; and that in case of any Vacancy or Vacancies, either by such Revocation, or by the Death or Resignation of any one or more of the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act for the time being, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, from time to time to nominate and appoint such other Person or Persons to be a Commissioner or Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, as such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being shall think proper and fit to supply such Vacancies; and every Person so nominated and appointed shall have such and the like Power and Authorities for carrying this Act into Execution, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as the Persons originally appointed to be Commissioners for the Execution of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Commissioner for the Execution of this Act shall take and subscribe the Oath following, before he shall take upon himself the Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby given, other than administering the said Oath:

J A.B. do swear, That I will, without Favour or Affection, 4 Hatred or Malice, truly, faithfully and impartially, according

to the best of my Skill and Judgment, execute and perform all and every of the Powers, Authorities and Duties of a Comrais-

sioner reposed in me under and by virtue of an Act made in

the First Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled

An Act, See, See.

[here set forth the Title of this Actl.

'So help me GOD. '

Which Oath any one Commissioner for the Execution of this Act, or any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, is hereby authorised and required to administer at the first or any other Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and he and they is and are hereby authorised, empowered and required, from time to time to nominate and appoint a Secretary to the said Commissioners; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and empowered to nominate and appoint one or more Clerk or Clerks, and also from time to time to employ such Engineers, Surveyors and other Officers, and such Artificers, Workmen and Labourers, as the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them shall think proper and expedient for the better carrying into Execution the Purposes of this Act, and to pay and allow to such Secretary and Clerk or Clerks such Salary or Allowance as the said Gfenmis-

1 Geo. IV. Kk sioners

Three Commissioners may act.

Appointments may be revoked.

Lord Lieutenant to supply Vacancies.

New Commissioners to have the like Power.

Commissioners to take the following Oath.

Lord Lieutenant to appoint a Secretary.

Commissioners to appoint Clerks and employ Engineers, Sec. and Workmen.

C. 115.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Secretary and other Officers to take the following Oath.

Officers guilty of Fraud to be punished for a Misdemeanor.

Commissioners may enter into Contracts.

ConunWoocsra nifty purchase Premises.

sioners with the Consent of the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall think fit: Provided always, that every such Secretary, Clerk, Engineer, Surveyor or other Officer shall take and subscribe the following Oath, before such Secretary or Clerk shall take upon himself the 'Execution of any of the Duties annexed to his said Office; which Oath any one of the said Commissioners or any Justice of the Peace is hereby authorised and empowered to administer:

T C.D. do swear, That I will well, truly and faithfully, without A Fraud or Concealment, do, perform and execute the several Duties attached* to the Office of Secretary or Clerk, Engineer,

4 Surveyor, or other Officer, as the Case may be> to the Commissioners for improving and completing the Harbour of Donaghadee; and that I will not accept or receive, directly or indirectly, any Monies, Fees, Perquisites or Profits, by way of Commission, Premium, Percentage, Poundage or otherwise, for as by reason of any Account, Contract or Payment made or to be made, or in any way relating to the said Harbour, or of any of the Materials or Works thereof, save such Payment and Compensation only as shall be paid or allowed to me by the said Commissioners.

And if any such. Secretary, Clerk, Engineer, Surveyor or other Officer so sworn, shall be guilty of any Fraud, Concealment or other Matter, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Oath, and shall be thereof convicted, he shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor; and it shall be lawful for the Court by and before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, to inflict such Punishment as may be by Law inflicted on a Person guilty of a Misdemeanor.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act for the time being, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, to contract and agree with any fit and proper Person or Persons, Engineer, Surveyor, Artificers, Workmen and others, for the making, doing, completing and finishing all or any of the Quays, Piers, Walls, Erections, Roads and Works, requisite to be done and performed for the improving, enlarging and completing the said Harbour at Donaghadee, or any Part thereof, or for supplying any of the Materials for the same; and every such Contract shall be signed by the Person or Persons contracting or agreeing to perform such Works respectively, and also by Three or more of the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, or by the Secretary, authorised by Four or more of the said Commissioners for that Purpose; and that all Contracts which shall be so entered into shall be and the same are hereby declared good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lora Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to purchase all such Lands, Grounds, Buildings, Houses, Hereditaments and Premises, as may be fit, proper and requisite for enabling the said

C. 11S.

499

1° GEO. IV.

missioners.

Bodies Corporate, &c. may enter into Con *

Commissioners to carry the Purposes of this Act into due Execution and Effect.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That a Map or Plan Plan of such of all such Lands, Grounds, Buildings, Houses, Hereditaments

and Premises so required to be purchased, shall be laid before L^dLieutro-the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of ant for his Con-Ireland for the time being, and his or their Consent and Appro- sent, bation shall be obtained for the Purchase of all such Lands,

Grounds, Buildings, Houses, Hereditaments and Premises, before the Purchase of the same or any Part ther^f shall be carried into effect by the said Commissioners; and all such Lands, Grounds, Premises, when Buildings, Houses, Hereditaments and Premises, which shall be J^i^Com so purchased and employed for the Purposes of this Act, shall, Tet in e m" when so purchased, be vested in the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, and shall be taken Possession of and shall be employed for the Purposes of this Act, according to the Directions of the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, under the Regulations in this Act mentioned and contained.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail, General t^with Coml or Special, Parsons, Vicars, and Feoffees in Trust, Committees of missioners for Lunatics and Idiots, Executors, Guardians, Administrators and the Sole of other Trustees whatsoever, for or in behalf of any Infants, Femes Premi#e#' Coverts or Cestuique Trusts, and for all and every Person and

Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed of or interested in any of the Lands, Grounds, Buildings, Houses, Hereditaments and Premises to be purchased as aforesaid by the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, to treat, contract and agree with the said Commissioners for the Purchase of such Lands, Grounds, Buildings, Houses, Hereditaments and Premises, or any Part or Parts thereof, and for their Interest or Interests therein, for the Purposes aforesaid, and to sell and convey the same as Occasion shall be or require; and all Contracts and Agreements, Sales and Conveyances, which shall be so made, shall be valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute or Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and all Feoffees in Trust, Committees of Lunatics and Idiots, Executors,

Guardians, Administrators and Trustees, Corporations Aggregate and Sole, and all other Persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons If Persons reseised or possessed of or interested in any Ground, Lands, Houses, fuse to treat, or Buildings, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises, which shall ^ltle can" be deemed necessary to be purchased by the Commissioners for duwd, a'jury the Execution of this Act, with such Consent and Approbation as shall be sum-aforesaid, shall refuse to treat or agree for the Sale thereof, or monad by shall not agree with the said Commissioners in the Sum of Money Sheriff to value offered to be given for the same, or shall not or cannot produce the

a clear Title to the Premises they are in possession of, or the Interest they claim therein, that then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or any Three of them, not

500

Penalty on Sheriff.

How Jury drawn.

Witnesses to be summoned by Commissioners,

who may authorise View.

C. 113. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

being interested in the Question to be determined, by being entitled to any Sum or Sums of Money claimed to be paid for such Lands and Premises, or any Damages respectively, or any Part thereof, from time to lime to issue a Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, under their Hands and Seals, to the Sheriff of the County of Down, thereby commanding such Sheriff to impannel and return a competent Number of substantial and disinterested Persons qualified to serve on Juries, not less than Twenty nor more than Forty, and such Sheriff is hereby authorised and required to impannel and return such Jury or Juries from time to time accordingly, under the Penalty of Two hundred Pounds Sterling for every Default in 60 doing, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill of Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by such Commissioners or their Secretary, in manner herein provided, or in default by them or either or any of them, then by any Person who shall sue for the same in any Court of Record in this Kingdom; and out of such Persons so to be impannelled and returned, a Jury of Twelve Persons shall be drawn by some Person by Ballot, to be named by the said Commissioners or their Secretary, authorised as i6 herein provided for that Purpose; which Persons so to be impannelled, summoned and returned as aforesaid, are required to come and appear before the said Commissioners or their Secretary as aforesaid, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, shall be directed and appointed, and to attend the said Commissioners or their Secretary, until discharged by them or him; and all Parties concerned shall and may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not be at liberty to challenge the Array; and the said Commissioners or any Three of them, or their Secretary as aforesaid (not being interested as aforesaid) , are hereby authorised and empowered by Precept or Precepts, Summons or Summonses, from time to time as Occasion shall require, to call before them or him, and the said Jury, all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who shall be thought

ner and necessary to be examined as Witnesses before them im, and the said Jury, on their Oath or Oaths touching or concerning the Premises; and the said Commissioners or their Secretary, as the Case may be, if they or he shall think fit, shall and may authorise the said Jury to view the Place or Places in question in such Manner as they shall direct, and shall have Power to adjourn such Meeting from Day to Day as Occasion shall require, and to command such Jury upon their Oaths, which Oaths, as also the Oaths to such Person and Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Commissioners or any of them, not being interested as aforesaid, or their Secretary, are and is hereby empowered and required to administer, to enquire of the Value of such Grounds, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments as shall be required or necessary for the Purposes of this Act, and of the respective Right, Title, Tenti, Estate and Interest of every Person and Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, seised or possessed thereof or interested therein, or of or in any Part thereof, and shall assess and award the Sum or Sums to be paid to every such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Corporate or Politic, for the Purchase of his, her or their respective Estates,

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 113. 501

Rights, Titles, Terms and Interests as aforesaid, and the said Commissioners or any Three of them, not being interested as aforesaid, or their Secretary, shall and may award and give Judgment for such Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed and awarded; which said Verdict or Verdicts, and the said Award, Judgment and Determination thereupon, Notice in Writing being given to the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, interested, at least Twenty one Days before the Time of the first Meeting of the said Jury, declaring the Time and Place of the Meeting and the Purposes for which the same is had, by leaving such Notice at the Dwelling House of such Person or Persons, or at his, her or their usual Place or Places of Abode, if then resident within Ireland, and if not, then with the known Agent or Receiver of the Rents of such Person or Persons as shall be then absent from Ireland, or if a Body Politic or Corporate, then with the ostensible or acting Officer of such Body Politic or Corporate, shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against all and every. Person and Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, claiming any Estate, Right, Title, Trust, Use or Interest into or out of any such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, Houses or Premises, either in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or Expectancy, as well Infants and Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots and Feme Coverts, and Persons under legal Incapacity or Disqualification, and all other Cestuique Trusts, his, her and their Successors, Executors and Administrators, and against all other Persons whomsoever; and the said Verdicts, Awards, Judgments and Decrees, and all other Proceedings of the said Commissioners and Juries, to be made, given and pronounced as aforesaid, shall be fairly written on Parchment, and signed by the said Commissioners who shall pronounce such Judgment.

XI. And be it further enacted, That when the Value of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or the Recompence for any Damage done or to be done in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall be submitted to a Jury, such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and the Damage done thereto, shall be valued by such Jury with respect to the actual State, Situation and Value of such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in like Manner as if this Act had not been made, and not according to the additional Value which such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments may acquire or be supposed to acquire by the making, improving and completing the said Harbour, or by any future Improvements to be made, or which might be made in any such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in consequence of such Harbour, or the Expenditure which shall be laid out for the Purposes of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money so to be awarded or adjudged to the Person, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, to whom the same shall be awarded for the Purchase of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments as aforesaid, or for the Purchase of any Estate^ Right, Title, Term or Interest therein, or on depositing the same in the Bank of Ireland, in Manner by this Act directed, as the case may be, such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall make and execute, or cause or procure to be made

Verdict and Judgment thereupon to be binding on all Parties.

Actual Value of the Premises, without any Reference to future Improvement, to be submitted to the Jury.

On Payment of Purchase Money awarded, or depositing the same in the Bank of Ireland, Conveyances to be made.

C. 113.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Verdicts and Proceedings to be enrolled in the Court of Chancery of Ireland, and deemed Evidence, and thereupon, and on Payment of Purchase Money or Deposition thereof into the Bank, Premises to vest in the Commissioners.

How the Expenses of Jury to be paid.

How Purchase Money for Lands, &c. belonging to Corporations or incapacitated Persons

and executed, Conveyances to the said Commissioners of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments as aforesaid, or of such Estate, Right, Title, Term or Interest for which such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded, and shall procure all necessary Parties to execute such Conveyances, Assignments and Assurances, and shall do all Acts, Matters and Things necessary and requisite to make a clear, good, and perfect Title to the said Commissioners.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all such Judgments, Verdicts, Sentences, Decrees, Orders, and other Proceedings of the said Commissioners and Juries, as relate to or concern the Premises aforesaid, shall be enrolled in the Rolls Office of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, and the same or true Copies thereof shall be deemed and taken to be good and sufficient Evidence and Proof in any Court or Courts of I.aw or Equity whatsoever; and immediately on the Entry of such Verdicts, Judgments, Sentences, Decrees, Orders, and other Proceedings of the said Commissioners and Juries as aforesaid, and on Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money agreed on or adjudged or awarded for the Purchase of any* Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to the Proprietor or Proprietors of any such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to receive such Money, or on Payment of such Money, respecting which any Difficulties, Disputes or Differences shall arise, into the Bank of Ireland in Manner and for the Purposes herein mentioned, all the Estate, Right, Title, Term, Interest, Use, Property, Claim and Demand in Law and Equity, of the Persons to whom or to whose Use such Money shall be paid as aforesaid, shall pass to and be vested in the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, who shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Possession thereof, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury shall give a Verdict for more Monies as a.Recompence for the Right, Interest or Property of any Person or Persons in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, than what shall have been offered by the said Commissioners before the summoning or returning the Jury, as a Recompence for any such Right, Interest or Property; that then and in such case, the Costs and Expenses attending the deciding the same by such Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the said Commissioners out of any Money received by such Commissioners by virtue of this Act; but if such Jury shall give a Verdict for no more or for less Monies than shall have been offered by the said Commissioners before the summoning and returning the said Jury, as a Recompence for any such Right and Interest or Property as aforesaid, that then the Costs and Expenses attending the deciding the same by such Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons to whom such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments shall belong.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments purchased by virtue of the Powers and for the Purposes of this Act, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, or seised or possessed of only a particular or determinable

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 113. 503

mmable Estate or Interest therein, such Money shall, in case the dSL

same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in po>ea the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, to the Intent that such Money may be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have b^n entitled to the Rents and Profits of the same Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorise to be paid, affecting the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments standing settled therewith to the same or the likfe Uses, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Trusts, Uses, Intents and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be vested by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of some of the Public Funds or Annuities transferrable at the Bank of Ireland; and in the meantime and until the said Public Funds or Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Funds or Annuities shall from time to time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any When Purchase Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tene- Money exceeds ments or Hereditaments purchased for the Purposes aforesaid, le"

and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Incapacity or Disability as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twentjr Pounds, then and in such case the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Renta and Profits of the Lands or Hereditament^ taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy (to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands) , be paid into the Bank of Ireland^ in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the said High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in the Manner hereinbefore

50 *

C. 113.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the Commissioners for executing this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified m Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising therefrom may be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the same may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

When Purchase

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where Money does not such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as last before men-exceed 20L tioned, shall not exceed Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons entitled respectively.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid shall not be able to make a good Title to the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or shall refuse to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be into the g# aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons

In default of Title, Refusal to execute Conveyance, or if the Owners cannot be found. Money awarded shall

Bank of Ireland, in the Name of the Accountant General in Chancery, for the Parties interested.

entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded to be paid into the Bank of Ireland in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, describing them, subject to the Order, Controul and Disposition of the said Court; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making claim to such Sum or Sums of Money or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, or to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate and Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier of the Bank of Ireland, who shall receive such Sum .w. nuuN or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt Uaiethe Money or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and U paid; specifying for what and for whose Use the same is or are received,

to such Person or Persons as shall pay any . such Sum or Sums of Money into the said Bank as aforesaid.

Caahier to give Receipts specifying for whose

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 113. 505

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where In Cases of any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of Ireland in the Name and with jj, the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, M0n deemed in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tene- Owners until ments or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right or Interest in the contrary any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased in pur- Court of Chan-suance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with ce^9 any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bulk Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Monies, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where by reason In Cases where of any Disability or Incapacity of any Person or Persons or Cor- Money is paid poration entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to in? the be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase purdllle of Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said other Premises, Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tene- Expenses to be ments or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pur- by Tms-suance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order *

the Expenses of all Purchases to be made from time to time in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expenses as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall from time to time pay such Sum of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- Commissioners

ful to and for the said Commissioners for the Execution of this m«y> with Con-Act, by and with the Consent and Advice of the Lord Lieu- L^utenant^ tenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the sifcJfpart time being, to contract for the granting, leasing, selling, or dis- Qf the Premises posing of, and to grant, lease, sell and dispose of any Part of purchased as any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall or may from ^1not b? time to time be purchased under this Act, and which shall or Qf

may* not be necessary for the Purposes thereof: Provided always,

that every Contract and every Lease or Sale of any such Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Part of them, shall receive the separate and distinct Approbation and Consent of such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, and shall be made after public Notice given of such intended Contract, Lease or Sale, in such Manner and under such Regulations as such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall from time

C.ll3.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Application of be Money arising from such Sale.

An Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Commissioners to be laid before the Lord Lieutenant, &c. quarterly, who, if approved,

shall sign the ame, which hall be an Acquittance to e Commissioners.

Commissioners may sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary for the time being.

Proceedings not to abate by

to time order and direct; and all Money arising from the Sale thereof, and all Money arising from the Produce of the Rents of such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act; and all such Money arising from the Sale of such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, shall and may be disposed of and applied under the Directions of the said Commissioners in and towards the Purposes of this Act, as the said Commissioners shall think fit and expedient; and the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act shall Four Times in every Year, that is to say, within One Calendar Month after the Fifth Day of Januaryr, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October in every Year, or whenever thereto required by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or his or their Chief Secretary, render and give an Account to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or to the Chief Secretary of such Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, of the Amount of all Money received by the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, and of the Application thereof for the Purposes of this Act, up to each Quarter Day respectively, or to such other Time as shall be required; and such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or the Chief Secretary to such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall and may examine every *such Account, and in case they shall approve thereof, shall signify such their Approbation thereof in Writing at the Foot of such Account, signed by the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or by such Chief Secretary as aforesaid, and shall transmit and return the same so approved and signed as aforesaid, to the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act; and every Account so approved and signed shall be a full and sufficient Discharge to the said Commissioners from or on account of all such Sums of Money as shall be mentioned in any such Account, and for the Expenditure and Application thereof; and the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall not be compellable or compelled to give or render any further or other Accounts of any such Money, or of the Expenditure or Application thereof, any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, may sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary for the time being, by the Style and Title of Secretary to the Commissioners of Donaghadee Harbour; and that all Actions, Suits, Prosecutions, Informations, Appeals, and other Proceedings whatsoever, which may be necessary or expedient to be brought for the Recovery of any Penalty or Sum of Money at any time due or payable to the said Commissioners, to be had, taken, prosecuted, or defended by or against the said Commissioners, shall be had, taken, and prosecuted in the Name of the Secretary; and that no Action, Suit, Prosecution, Information, Appeal, or other Proceedings to be had, taken, prosecuted

A.D. 1820.

1° GEO. IV. C. 113. 507

cuted or defended by or against the said Commissioners in the Death, &c. of Name of their Secretary, wall abate or be discontinued by the Secretary. Death, Suspension, or Removal of such Secretary, or by any Act or Default of such Secretary done or suffered without the Consent and Direction of the said Commissioners; but that the Secretary for the time being shall be always deemed the Plaintiff,

Prosecutor, Informant, Appellant, Defendant or Respondent, in any Action, Suit, Prosecution, Information, Appeal, or other Proceedings, except in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, as shall be instituted, prosecuted, and carried on between the said Commissioners and the Secretary for the time being, in which Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, any one of the said Commissioners shall or may be Plaintiff or Defendant, as the case may be: Provided Indemnifica-always, that every such Secretary in whose Name any such 15011 to Secre-Action, Suit, Prosecution, Information, Appeal, or other Pro- t"ry" ceeding shall be had, taken, prosecuted or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully indemnified, reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies applicable to the Purposes of this Act, all such Costs, Charges, Damages and Expenses as by the Events or in consequence of any such Action, Suit, Information, Appeal, or other Proceedings, he shall pay, bear, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with or liable for, or be fairly entitled to, by reason of his being so made Plaintiff, Defendant,

Informant, Appellant, or Respondent as aforesaid, unless such Action or Suit shall arise in consequence of his own wilful Neglect or Default, or that shall have been brought or commenced or be defended without the Order of the said Commissioners.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, or for any Four or more of them, by any Writing under the Hands of them, every of them, or any Four or more of them, from time to time to authorise and empower their Secretary for the time being; to do any special Act, Matter or Thing which such Commissioners or any Three or more of them are by this Act authorised to do; and every Act, Matter or Thing done by such Secretary in the Execution of such Power and Authority, shall be

§ood and valid to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were one by the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby empowered and authorised to proceed to the improving, enlarging and completing the said Harbour at Donaghndee in the County of Down, and in making, erecting, using, and maintaining such Piers, Docks, Quays, Reservoirs,

Roads, Ways, Works, Erections and Buildings as the said Commissioners shall deem fit and necessary for that Purpose, and for the Execution of this Act, according to the Tenor and Intent of the same.

XXV. Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners and their Agents, Servants and Workmen, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, in, upon and through any Lands, Ground or Premises, being the Property of or belonging to the King's Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or of any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Collegiate

or

Four Commissioners nay authorise the Secretary to do any special Act for the Commissioners.

Commissioners empowered to proceed to improve the Harbour at Donaghadee.

Commissioners may enter upon any Premises within Three Miles of the Harbour, ^except Premises near Mansions,

508

C. 113.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

and dig for, work and take away Materials.

May make Roads, &c.

Satisfaction to be made to Owners.

Piers, Docks and other Works may be erected by Commissioners for the Improvement of the Harbour.

or Corporate, and situate within Three Miles of the said Harbour, (not being within Three hundred Yards of any Capital Mansion House, nor within any Plantation, Avenue, Pleasure Ground, or Garden attached to any Capital Mansion House, planted, made, or formed at any time before the passing of this Act, or in any Deer Park inclosed with a Wall at any time before the passing of this Act, and actually occupied at the time with Deer) , to enter, and to quarry, dig, remove, take and carry away all such Stone, Limestone, Gravel, Sand, or any other Materials (standing Timber only excepted) , in, out of, upon and from such Lands and Grounds, as may be necessary and convenient to be employed for the Purpose of this Act; and also to place, lay, work, or manufacture all such Stone, Limestone, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials which shall be so cut, dug, quarried or obtained on the Grounds near to the Place or Places where the same shall be so cut, dug, quarried or obtained, or where the same shall be used and employed for the Purposes of this Act; and also to make, maintain, and use such good and sufficient Roads and Ways as the said Commissioners shall think necessary or convenient for conveying *all such Stone, Limestone, Gravel, Sand, and other Materials so cut, dug, quarried or obtained, taken away or removed for the Purposes of this Act, from the Place and Places where the same shall be respectively so cut and dug, and quarried or obtained, to the Places where the same shall be employed for the Purposes of this Act; they the said Commissioners making Satisfaction in manner by this Act directed, to the Owners and Proprietors of all such Lands and Premises, for all Damages by them done or to be done in the Execution of this Act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, and their Agents, Servants and Workmen, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, in and upon any Land or Premises by tills Act vested in the said Commissioners, or which the said Commissioners may enter on or purchase by virtue of this Act, to make, erect, complete, and maintain all and every or any such Piers, Docks, Quays, Reservoirs, Roads, Ways, Fences, Works, Erections and Buildings whatever, as and where the said Commissioners shall think requisite and convenient for the Purposes of this Act, and also to do all other Matters and Things whatever which they the said Commissioners shall from time to time think fit, necessary and convenient, for improving, enlarging and completing, preserving and using the said Harbour, and for the making, erecting, completing and maintaining all Piers, Docks, Quay8, Roads, Ways, Works, Erections and Buildings relating thereto, in pursuance and within the true Meaning of this Act; they the said Commissioners making Satisfaction in manner by this Act directed for all Damages or Injuries done to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which shall be damaged or prejudiced by the taking of any Materials, or by the making of any temporary Roads for the Conveyance of any such Materials for the Purposes of this Act, and also making Satisfaction in. manner by this Act directed for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments required to be employed, Xaken

1° GEO. IV. C. 113. 509

or used in making, completing or maintaining any permanent Roads, or in the making, erecting, completing or maintaining of any Docks, Quays, Reservoirs, Engines, Works, Erections or Buildings whatsoever, for the Purposes of this Act; and this Act an Indem-Act shall be sufficient to indemnify the said Commissioners, and nitytotheCom-their Servants, Agents and Workmen, and all other Persons "s*011*"*&c-whomsoever, for whatever they or any of them shall do by virtue of the Powers hereby granted.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall Obstructing wilfully obstruct, molest or hinder any Engineer, Surveyor, Engineers, Workmen or Labourers employed by the Commissioners for the Workmen, Execution of this Act, or their Secretary, in the Performance

of his, her or their Duty or Employment in the Execution of this Act, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for Penalty, every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and if Destroying any Person or Persons shall wilfully, and to the Prejudice of the Works, said Harbour, break, throw down, destroy, or in anywise damage or injure any Piers, Docks, Quays, Road, Way, Reservoir, Erection, Machine, Building, or other Work whatsoever, to be erected or made by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof, or of any of the Works erected in pursuance of this Act, every Person so Felony, offending shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and on being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Court before or by whom such Person shall be tried and convicted shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished as a Felon may be punished by the Law of Ireland, or in Mitigation of such Punishment such Court may award such lesser Punishment as to the Court shall seem proper.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Wilfully da-Persons shall wilfully and maliciously damage any Wherry, Boat, "^"g 8°* or other Vessel lying within the Harbour of Donaghadee> or upon

the Piers, Quays, Roads or Way leading to or belonging to the Harbour, said Harbour, or either or any of them, any Rope, Cable, Anchor, Goods upon Oar, Spar, or any Tackling, Necessary or Material belonging tp Quays, &c. any such Wherry, Boat, or other Vessel, or any of the Furniture,

Cargo or Property belonging to or on board of such Boat or Vessel, or any Goods or Property of any Person or Persons whatsoever, which may be lying at, upon or along such Piers,

Quays, Roads or Ways, or any of them, or any of the Tools,

Implements, Materials, or other Goods, Chattels, or Property used or intended to be used in the said Harbour or the Works connected therewith or belonging thereto, or to the said Commissioners, or to any other Person for the Use of the said Works, that then and in every such case the Person or Persons so offending shall upon Conviction forfeit and pay any Sum not less than Two Pounds, nor more than Ten Pounds, in the Discretion of the Penalty. Justice before whom such Offender shall be convicted of such Offence.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and For- Recovery and, feitures by this Act imposed, the Manner of recovering or Application of levying whereof is not otherwise particularly directed, shall Penalties,

be levied and recovered before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Doxvn, by Distress and

Cl 13.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

If no Distress, Imprisonment.

Appeal to General Sessions.

Notice of Appeal and Recognizance.

Proceedings not to be quashed for want of Form.

Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, and by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of One or more such Justices of the Peace; which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to grant, upon Conviction of the Offender before such Justice or Justices, upon the Information on Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer without Fee or Reward; and such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, after rendering the Overplus, if any be, when demanded, to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and sold, the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deducted, shall be paid, if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act, to the Harbour Master to be appointed to the said Harbour, under this Act, to be by him accounted for to the Commissioners under this Act; and if sufficient Distress shall not be found, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County of Down, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and all reasonable Charges shall be sooner paid.

XXX. Provided always, andy be it further enacted, That in case any Person shall think himself aggrieved by any thing done by such Justice in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for such Person to appeal to the Justices of the Peace at their next General Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the County of Down, who are hereby authorised and required to take Cognizance thereof, and to hear and determine the Complaint of any such Person in a summary Manner, and who, if they see Cause, may by Order of such Sessions mitigate all or any of the Penalties aforesaid, or vacate or set aside the Conviction and set the Party at liberty, or otherwise may ratify and confirm the same, and award such Costs to the Party appealing or appealed against, as to them shall seem just and reasonable, and to make such Orders and Judgments in regard to the Premises as they shall think fit: Provided always, that the Party so appealing shall give Notice thereof, in Writing, to the said Harbour Master, Fourteen Days previous to the said Quarter Sessions, and shall enter into a Recognizance before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order of and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter or General Sessions of the Peace for the said County; and in case the First Sessions shall take place within Fourteen Days of the said Appeal being made, then and in such Case the said Appeal shall be heard and determined at the Second Sessions of the Peace, in Manner as aforesaid.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Order made touching or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or any other Proceeding to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. GllS. 51

of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. And for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Of- Conviction* to fenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That every Justice

of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall be con- owin& orm* vie ted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any Form of Words to the same Effect;

1 County of \ TIE it remembered, That on this Down to wit. j Day of in the Year

of the Reign of His Majesty A.B. is convicted before me [or us] of His Majesty's Justices

of the Peace for the said County of, of having

4 [here state the Offence'] contrary to an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act [here insert the Title of this Act]; and I [or we] the said do adjudge him [her or them,] to [here state the

4 Punishment]. Given under my Hand and Seal [or our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year above written/

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That at any time after the Harbour Mas-

passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord ter to be ap-Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for , with

the time being, or for the Commissioners for the Execution of ix>rdLieu-this Act, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord tenant shall di-Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for rect.

the time being, (but not otherwise) , to appoint a Person to act as

Harbour Master within the said Port and Harbour, and to remove

any Harbour Master so appointed, and to appoint another in his

room or stead, with such Salary or Allowance as to the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall seem

meet, proper, and expedient; such Salary or Allowance to be paid in like Manner as the Salaries of any Officers appointed

by the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, or in such

Manner as the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the time being, shall think proper and

shall direct; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Har- To lay down

hour Master, as he shall think fitting and necessary, to lay down Mooring *

Moorings and Mooring Chains, and erect such Landmarks, chains"!

Beacons and Buoys, in any Place or Places in the said Harbour erect Land-

or Bay at Donaghadee, or the adjoining Lands between the marks, &c-

Foreland and Meeting House Points, for the Guidance and

Safety of His Majesty's Packets, and all other Ships and Vessels entering the said Harbour;

[No Fee to be

and if the said Harbour Master shall directly or indirectly ask, demand, take or receive any Fee, taken by Harbour Master.

Gratuity or Reward for the Performance of his Duty under this Act, or under Pretext or Pretence of any Acts done by him

in the Execution of this Act, over or beyond such Salary or Allowance as aforesaid, such Harbour Master shall for every

such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, together with Double Penalty.

the Amount of such Fee, Gratuity or Reward, to be recovered in like Manner as herein directed.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Harbour Harbour Ma«-MejSter shall have full Power and Authority to order and direct *10 dirtct the

C. 113.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

mooring, on-mooring, &c« of Vessels.

Ship Masters disobeying his Orders,

(Exception)

[Penalty.]

Obstructing Harbour Master,

[Penalty.]

Harbour and Works vested in Commissioners.

Limitation of Actions.

General Issue.

the mooring, unmooring, moving and removing of all Ships or other Vessels coming into, lying or being in the said Port or Harbour of Donaghadee, or the Limits thereof, or lying or being within the Distance of Five hundred Yards of the Entrance or Mouth of the said Harbour, and to appoint and regulate the Time or Times and the Manner of their Entrance into, lying in or going out of or from such Harbour, and to regulate and determine the Position of such Ships and other Vessels; and in case any Owner, Master or other Person having the Charge of or Command of any such Ship or other Vessel, shall refuse or neglect to moor, unmoor, place, move or remove his Ship or Vessel according to such Direction, immediately when Notice to him or them shall be given, or left with any Person or Persons on board of such Ship or Vessel for that Purpose, save and except in Cases of Distress by stormy and tempestuous Weather, every such Owner, Master or other Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any such Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be recovered as hereinbefore directed; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Harbour Master and his Assistants, and he and his Assistants are hereby authorised and required, to moor, unmoor, place, move or remove such Ship or Vessel accordingly; and in case any Master, Commander, Mate, Pilot or other Person or Persons taking Charge or Command of any Ship or other Vessel, or any , other Person or Persons whosoever, shall obstruct or hinder the mooring, unmooring, placing, moving or removing of any Ship or other Vessel lying or being in the said Harbour, or within Five hundred Yards of the Entrance or Mouth of the said Harbour, then and in every such case such Person or Persons so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be also recovered as directed by this Act.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Harbour and Port of Donaghadee, and all Quays, Piers, and Works to be made or erected in pursuance of this Act, for the improving, enlarging and completing the said Harbour, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act for the time being.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, the same shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the County where the Cause of Action shall have arisen, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, or that such Action or Suit shall be commenced after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall he brought iu any other County than as aforesaid, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon a Verdict for the Defendant, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall he nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall

v

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 113, 114, 115.

513

have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given

against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants

shall and may recover Double Costs, and have the like Remedy Double Costs.

for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any

other Cases by Law.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Persons em-lawful to and for the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, in

out of any Funds applicable to the Purposes of this Act, by and

with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other reimbursed Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to reimburse and repay their Expenses, to any Person or Persons who have been or may be employed in &c. by Com-forwarding or promoting the Improvement of the said Harbour of njissionere, with Donaghadee, for all such Loss of Time, Trouble, Expense and Services as he or they may have from time to time been or may be tenant, at in the Furtherance of such Object, and to take Credit for the same in their Accounts accordingly.

CAP. CXIV.

An Act for enabling William Blackall Simonds Esquire to sell or mortgage his Estate and Interest in the Impropriate Rectory of Caversham, in the County of Oxford, free from the Claims of the Crown.

[24th July 1820.]

CAP. CXV.

An Act to repeal so much of the several Acts passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of Elizabeth, the Fourth of George the First, the Fifth and Eighth of George the Second, as inflicts Capital Punishment on certain Offences therein specified, and to provide more suitable and effectual Punishment for such Offences.

[25th July 1820.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of 39 Eli *, c. 9.

the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act for

taking away of Clergy from Offenders against a certain Statute made in the Third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Seventh,

concerning the taking away of Women against their Wills unlawfully* it is amongst other things enacted, that all and every such § i Person and Persons as at any time after the End of this present Session of Parliament shall be convicted or attainted of or for any Offence, to be committed after the End of this present Session of Parliament, made Felony by the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Seventh, or which shall 4 be, indicted or arraigned of or for any such Offence, and stand mute or make no direct Answer, or shall challenge peremptorily above the Number of Twenty, shall in every such case lose, his and their Benefit of Clergy, and shall suffer Pains of Death without any Benefit of Clergy: And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the , First, inti- 4G. 1. c. 11.

tuled An Act for the further preventing Robbery, Burglary, and other Felonies, and for more effectual Transportation of Felons and unlawful Exporters of Wool, and for declaring the Law upon some Points relating to Pirates, it is amongst other things

514

C. 115.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820

enacted, that wherever any Person taketh Money or Reward, directly or indirectly, under Pretence or upon Account of helping any Person or Persons to any stolen Goods or Chattels,

every such Person so taking Money or Reward as aforesaid 4 (unless such Person doth apprehend or cause to be apprehended such Felon who stole the same, and cause such Felon to be brought to his Trial for the same, and give Evidence against him) , shall be guilty of Felony, and suffer the Pains and Penalties of Felony, according to the Nature of the Felony committed in stealing such Goods, and in such and the same Manner as if such Offender had himself stole such Goods and Chattels, in the Manner and with such Circumstances as the same were stolen: 5 G. 2. c. 30. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign

of King George the Second, intituled An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts, it is amongst other things enacted, that if any Person or Persons who, since the Fourteenth Day of May which was in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and twenty nine, hath or have become Bankrupt, or who shall at any time hereafter during the Continuance of this Act become Bankrupt, within the Intent and Meaning of the several Statutes made and now in force concerning Bankrupts, or any of them, and against whom a Commission of Bankrupt under the Great Seal of Great Britain hath since the said Fourteenth Day of Mayf which was in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and twenty nine, been awarded and issued out, or shall at any time hereafter be awarded and issued out* whereupon the Person or Persons against whom such Commission bath issued or shall issue, have or hath been or shall be declared Bankrupt or Bankrupts, shall not within Forty two Days after Notice thereof in Writing to be left at the usual Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, a 4 personal Notice in case such Person or Persons be then in Prison, and Notice given in The London Gazette that such Commission or Commissions is, are or have been issued, and of the Time and Place of a Meeting of the Commissioners therein named, or the major Part of them, surrender him, her or themselves to the said Commissioners named in the said Commission,

or the major Part of them, and sign or subscribe such Surrender, and submit to be examined from time to time upon Oath, or being of the People called Quakers, upon the solemn Affirmation by Law appointed for such People, by and before such Commissioners or the major Part of them by such Commission authorised, and in all things conform to the several Statutes already made and now in force concerning Bankrupts; and also upon such his, her or their Examination, fully and truly disclose and discover all his, her or their Effects and Estate, Real and Personal, and how and in what Manner, to whom and upon what Consideration, and at what time or times, he, she or they have or hath disposed of, assigned or transferred any of his, her or their Goods, Wares, Merchandises, Monies or other Estate and Effects, and all Books, Papers and Writings relating thereunto, of which he, she or they was or were possessed, or in or to which he, she or they was or were anywise interested or entitled, or which any Person or Persons had or hath, or have

A.D. 1820. 1 GEO. IV,

C. 1I5.

815

had in Trust for him, her or them, or for his, her or their Use,

at any time before or after the issuing of the said Commission,

or whereby such Person or Persons, or his, her or their Family or Families, hath or have, or may have or expect any Profit,

Possibility of Profit, Benefit or Advantage whatsoever, except only such Part of his, her or their Estate and Effects as shall have been really and bona fide before sold or disposed of in the Way of his, her or their 'trade and Dealings, and except such Sums of Money as shall have been laid out in the ordinary Expense of his, her or their Family or Families; and also upon such

Examination deliver up unto the said Commissioners by the said Commission authorised, or the major Part of them, all such Part of his, her or their the said Bankrupt's Goods, Wares, Merchandises, Money, Estate and Effects, and all Books, Papers and Writings relating thereunto, as at the Time of such Examination shall be in his, her or their Possession, Custody or

Power, (his, her or their necessary Wearing Apparel, and the necessary Wearing Apparel of the Wife and Children of such Bankrupt only excepted) , then he, she or they the said Bankrupt or Bankrupts, in case of any Default or wilful Omission in not surrendering and submitting to be examined as aforesaid; or

in case he, she or they shall remove, conceal or embezzle any Part of such his, her or their Estate, Real or Personal, to the Value of Twenty Pounds, or any Books of Accounts, Papers or Writings relating thereto, with an Intent to defraud his, her or their Creditors, (and being thereof lawfully convicted by Judgment or Information) , shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall suffer as Felons without Benefit of Clergy, or the Benefit of any Statute made in relation to Felons:

And Whereas by a certain Act passed in the Eighth Year of 8 G. 2. c. so. 4 King George the Second, intituled An Act for rendering the Laws more effectual for punishing such Persons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy Turnpikes; for repairing Highways or Locks, or other Works erected by Act of Parliament for making Rivers navigable, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; it is amongst other things enacted, that if any Person or § I.

Persons whatsoever shall, either by Day or Night, wilfully or maliciously pull down, pluck up, throw down, level or otherwise destroy any Turnpike Gate or Turnpike Gates, or any Post or Posts, Rail or Rails, Wall or Walls, or any Chain, Bar or Fence of any Kind whatsoever, set up or erected, or hereafter to be set up or erected, to prevent Passengers from passing by without paying any Toll laid and directed to be paid by any Act or

Acts of Parliament already made or hereafter to be made for that Purpose, or any House or Houses erected or to be erected for the Use of any such Turnpike Gate or Turnpike Gates, or any other Fence or Fences, or any Lock, Sluice, Flood Gate or other Works on any navigable River erected or to be erected by Authority of Parliament, or forcibly rescue any Person or Persons being lawfully in Custody of any Officer or other Person for any of the Offences before mentioned, that then and in any of the said Cases, every Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy: And

---

516 C. 115, 116. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

whereas it is expedient that so much of the said Acts hereinbefore recited, as inflicts the Punishment of Death in the Cases aforesaid, should be repealed: Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Repealed.]

That so much of the said Acts as inflict Punishment of Death on the Offences hereinbefore recited, shall from and after the passing of this Act be and the same is hereby repealed.

[Instead of the Punishment of Death, Offenders to be liable to Transportation, &c.]

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Persons duly convicted of any of the Offences hereinbefore recited, which were punishable with Death under any of the above recited Acts, shall be liable to be transported beyond the Seas for Life, or for such Term, not less than Seven Years, as the Court before which such Person shall be convicted shall adjudge; or shall be liable, in case the said Court shall think fit, to be imprisoned only, or imprisoned and kept to hard Labour in the Common Gaol, Penitentiary House, or House of Correction, for any Term not exceeding Seven Years.

CAP. CXVI.

An Act to repeal so much of the several Acts passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of Philip and Mary, the Eighteenth of Charles the Second, the Ninth of George the First, and the Twelfth of George the Second, as inflicts Capital Punishment on certain Offences therein specified.

[25th July 1820.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of King Philip and Queen Mary,

[1 & 2 P. & M. c. 4.]

intituled An Act against certain Persons calling themselves Egyptians, it is amongst other things enacted,

[§3.]

that if any of the said Persons called Egyptians, which shall be transported and conveyed into (this Realm of England or Wales as is aforesaid, do continue and remain within the same by the Space of One Month, that then he or they so offending shall by virtue of this Act be deemed and judged a Felon and Felons, and shall therefore suffer Pains of Death, Loss of Lands and Goods, as in Cases of Felony, by the Order of the Common Law of this Realm, and shall upon the Trial of them or any of them therein so tried in the County, and by the Inhabitants of the County or Place where they or he shall be apprehended or taken, and not per Medietatem Lingua, and shall lose the Benefit and Privilege of Sanctuary and Clergy:

[18 C. 2. c. 3.]

And Whereas by an Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act to continue a former Act for preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England, and which last mentioned Act having been continued in force by certain subsequent Acts,

[51 G. 2. c. 42. §2.]

was made perpetual by a certain Act passed in the Thirty first Year of King George the Second, it is amongst other things enacted, that the Benefit of Clergy shall be taken away from great, known and notorious Thieves, and Spoil, taken in the said Counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, or either of them,

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 116. 517

during the Continuance of this present Act, who shall be duly convicted for Theft done or committed within the said Counties or either of them: And Whereas by a certain Act passed in the said Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the First,

[9 G. 1. C. 28. §3.]

intituled An Act for more effectual Execution of Justice in a pretended privileged Place in the Parish of Saint George in the County of Surrey, commonly called The Mint, and for bringing to speedy and exemplary Justice such Offenders as are therein mentioned, and for giving Relief to such Persons as are proper Objects of Charity and Compassion there, it is amongst other things enacted, that if after the Tenth Day of October One thousand seven hundred and twenty three, any Person or Persons whatsoever wearing any Vizard, Mask or disguised Habit, or having his or their Face or Faces or Body or Bodies disguised, shall within the said Place called Suffolk Place or The Mint, or within any the Limits or pretended Limits thereof, join in or aid or abet any Riot or Tumult there, or shall in any Vizard, Mask or other Disguise whatsoever, knowingly and willingly there oppose the Execution of any legal Process, Order or Warrant, or assault and abuse any Person or Persons serving or executing any such Process, Order or Warrant, or for having so done, all and every such Person and Persons, being lawfully convicted of any such Offence, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall forfeit and suffer as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy: And Whereas by an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second,

[9 G.2.C. 29. §5.]

intituled An Act for building a Bridge across the River Thames, from the New Palace Yard, in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, it is amongst other things enacted, that if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously blow up, pull down or destroy the said Bridge or any Part thereof, or attempt so to do, or unlawfully and without Authority from the said Commissioners or their Successors, remove or take away any Works thereto belonging, or in anywise direct or procure the same to be done, whereby the said Bridge or the Works thereof may be damaged, or the Lives of the Passengers endangered, such Offender or Offenders, being lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy: And Whereas several other Acts for building Bridges have heretofore from time to time passed, and have contained Enactments to the like Purport and Effect as the Enactment in the last mentioned Act above recited: And Whereas it is expedient that so much of the above mentioned Acts as is hereinbefore recited should be repealed: Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Repealed.]

That so much of the said Acts as is hereinbefore recited shall from and after the passing of this Act be and the same are hereby repealed.

[So much of all former Acts as relate to the Punishment of Persons for]

II. And be it further enacted, That such Parts of all former Acts relating to Bridges as enact, that if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously blow up, pull down or destroy any Bridge, or any Part thereof, or attempt so to do, or unlawfully

518 C. 116, 117. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

[destroying Bridges repealed.]

and without Authority remove or take any Works thereto belonging, or in anywise direct or procure the same to be done, such Offender or Offenders, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy, shall from and after the passing of this Act be and the same are hereby repealed.

CAP. CXVII.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of King William the Third, intituled An Act for the better apprehending, prosecuting and punishing of Felons that commit Burglary, Housebreaking or Robbery, in Shops, Warehouses, Coachhouses or Stables, or that steal Horses, as takes away the Benefit of Clergy from Persons privately stealing in any Shop, Warehouse, Coachhouse or Stable, any Goods, Wares or Merchandises of the Value of Five Shillings; and for more effectually preventing the Crime of stealing privately in Shops, Warehouses, Coachhouses or Stables.

[25th July 1820.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third,

[10 & 11 W. c. 23.]

---

intituled An Act for the better apprehending, prosecuting and punishing of Felons that commit Burglary, Housebreaking or Robbery, in Shops, Warehouses, Coachhouses or Stables, or that steal Horses, it is amongst other things enacted, that all and every Person and Persons that shall at any time or times, by Night or in the Daytime, from and after the Twentieth Day of May in the Year One thousand six hundred and ninety nine, in any Shop, Warehouse, Coachhouse or Stable, privately and feloniously steal any Goods, Wares or Merchandises, being of the Value of Five Shillings or more, although such Shop, Warehouse, Coachhouse or Stable be not actually broke open by such Offender or Offenders, and although the Owners of such Goods, or any other Person or Persons be or be not in such Shop, Warehouse, Coachhouse or Stable, to be put in Fear, or shall assist, hire or command any Person or Persons to commit such Offence, being thereof convicted or attainted by Verdict or Confession, or being indicted thereof shall stand mute or will not directly answer to the Indictment, or shall peremptorily challenge above the Number of Three and twenty Persons returned to be of the Jury, shall be absolutely debarred and excluded of and from the Benefit of Clergy: And Whereas the said Act has not been found effectual for the Prevention of the Crimes therein mentioned; and it is therefore expedient that so much of the said Act as is hereinbefore recited should be repealed: And Whereas it might tend more effectually to prevent Uie Crime of Larceny in Shops, Warehouses, Coachhouses and Stables, if every such Offence were punishable more severely than simple Larceny:' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Repealed.]

That so much of the said Act as is

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 117, 118. 519

hereinbefore recited shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be and the same is hereby repealed, as to privately and feloniously stealing any Goods, Wares or Merchandises under the Value of Fifteen Pounds.

[Persons privately stealing Goods of the Value of 5s. and under 15l. liable to be transported, &c.]

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, every Person who shall privately and feloniously steal any Goods, Wares or Merchandises, of the Value of Five Shillings or more, being under the Value of Fifteen Pounds, in any Shop, Warehouse, Coachhouse or Stable, or who shall aid or assist any Person to commit such Offence, shall be liable to be transported beyond the Seas for Life, or for such Term, not less than Seven Years, as the Court before which any such Person shall be convicted shall adjudge; or shall be liable, in case the said Court shall think fit, to be imprisoned only, or to be imprisoned and kept to hard Labour in the Common Gaol, House or Correction or Penitentiary House, for any Term not exceeding Seven Years.

CAP. CXVIII.

An Act for reducing, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, the Duty on Malt made from Bear or Bigg only, for Home Consumption in Scotland.

[25th July 1820.]

---

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties of Excise on Tea, Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, Tobacco and Snuff Peppery Mali and British Spirits, and consolidating the same with the former Duties thereon, and for amending certain Laws of Excise relating thereto; whereby an Excise Duty of

Two Shillings and Sixpence was imposed for and upon every

Bushel of all Malt made in Great Britain from Barley or any

other Corn or Grain: And Whereas it is expedient that a smaller

Duty should for a limited time be levied upon such Malt as shall be made for Home Consumption in Scotland from Bear or Bigg only, than upon Malt made from Barley or other Corn or Grain May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, the Sum which (in addition to the annual Duty of One Shilling per Bushel) shall be raised and levied pursuant to the said recited Act upon such Malt as shall from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, be made from Bear or Bigg only, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for Home Consumption in Scotland, shall be the Sum of Two Shillings for and in respect of every Bushel of such Malt as shall, from and after the Day last aforesaid, be made from Bear or Bigg only, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for Home Consumption in Scotland, in place of Two Shillings and Sixpence, being the Amount of Duty granted by the said recited Act: Provided

59 G. 3. c. 55.

Sched. A.

Malt made from Bear or Bigg to be cbaiged 2s. instead of 2s. 6d* per Bushel, imposed by recited Act:

520

C. 118.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 182(1.

But 2s. 6d. per

nevertheless, that from and after the said Fifth Day of July One Bushel to be thousand eight hundred and twenty, the Duty of Two Shillings

paid for Malt brought into England.

Makers of Malt from Bear or Bigg to make Entry of Cistern and Vats,

daration as herein mentioned.

and Sixpence imposed by the said recited Act shall be charged and paid, according to the Provisions thereof, for and upon every Bushel of all Malt whatsoever, which shall be made in and brought from Scotland into England, or which shall be made by any Maltster or Maker of Malt in Scotland, save and except such Malt only as shall be made for Home Consumption in Scotland by any such Maltster or Maker of Malt from Bear or Bigg only, according to and under the several Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions hereinafter mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, all and every Person or Persons who shall propose or intend to make teruauu Malt ^ronl ear or Bigg onty *n Part of Great Britain called

&cT a "the next Scotland, for Home Consumption in Scotland, before he, she or Office of Excise, they shall erect, set up, alter, enlarge or make use of any Cistern, and make Do- Uting Vat or other Utensil for wetting or steeping Bear or Bigg to be made into Malt, or any Kiln, Floor, Room or other Place for the making dr keeping of such Malt, or for the laying or keeping of Bear or Bigg for the Purpose of being made into Malt, shall make a true and particular Entry in Writing at the next Office of Excise of every such Cistern, Utine Vat, Utensil, Kiln, Floor, Room or Place whatsoever, and shall in Such Entry express and declare that he, she or they is or are to make Malt for Home Consumption in Scotland from Bear or Bigg only, and from no other Grain whatsoever mixed or unmixed with Bear or Bigg, on pain of forfeiting for every Cistern, Uting Vat, Utensil, Kiln, Floor, Room or Place whatsoever, erected, set up, altered, enlarged or made use of by such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt as aforesaid, without such Entry, the Sum of Penalty of2001. Two hundred Pounds Sterling; and if any such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt, shall not, in the Entry so made or directed to be made as aforesaid, express and declare that he, she or they is or are to make Malt for Home Consumption in Scotland from Bear or Bigg only, and from no other Grain, then and in every such Case such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt respectively, shall be deemed and taken to be, and is and are hereby expressly declared to be, a Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Barley or other Corn or Grain, subject to the full Duty imposed by the said recited Act, of Two Shillings and Sixpence for every Bushel of Malt made by him, her or them, and to all other Duties, Regulations, Provisions, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, to which any Maltsters or Makers of Malt from Barley or other Corn or Grain are subject and liable by virtue of any Act or Acts now in force.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, when and so often as any such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers

and irom mat ^*1* ^rom Bear or ^*88 onty> ^ave ma(*e uch Entry as

Time till Notice aforesaid, expressing that he is to make Malt for Home Con-of withdrawing sumption in Scotland from Bear or Bigg only, such Entry shall the nme. be and remain in force, as to such Maltster or Maker, and the Place and Utensils in such Entry mentioned, for the Space of

Maltsters not making such Declaration deemed Maltsters malting from Barley subject to 2s. 6d. per Bushel.

In what Case Entry to remain in force for Three Months, and from that

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 118. 521

Three Months at the least from the making thereof, and shall likewise continue in force at all times after the Expiration of such Three Months until such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt respectively, shall deliver to and leave with the proper Officer of Excise a Notice in Writing signifying that he, she or they has or have withdrawn and renounced the said Entry, and is or are no longer to continue to make Malt from Bear or Bigg only in manner aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no such Maltster or Malt- Maltsters not stem, Maker or Makers of Malt, for Home Consumption in Scot- allowed to land, from Bear or Bigg only, under the Provisions of this Act, shall be permitted to withdraw or renounce his, her or their Entry o?Bigg in iw so made as aforesaid, at any time, until all the Bear or Bigg in his, session is made her or their Custody or Possession shall have been and is com- into Malt, and pletely made into Malt and dried off, and until the whole thereof accounted for has been taken account^ of, and the Duties thereon have been duly charged by the proper Officer of Excise, and paid; but the WI u y' Officers ot Excise shall and may continue to survey such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt, until the whole of such Bear or Bigg is completely made into Malt, dried off, taken account of, and charged with Duty, and such Duty is paid, as before mentioned.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Maltsters malt-Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, no ing from Bar-Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt in Scotland, from ley. &c. not Barley or other Corn or Grain, shall be permitted to make an Pf0111* to Entry under the Provisions of this Act as a Maltster or Maltsters, Mdlersfrom Maker or Makers of Malt from Bear or Bigg only, for Home Beer, &c. only. Consumption in Scotland, until all the Malt made by him, her^or till Malt made them from Barley or other Corn or Grain, or from Bear or Bigg f«>m Barley is mixed with other Grain, shall be completely dried off, taken account of, and charged with Duty, and such Duty paid, and until all the Barley and other Corn or Grain mixed or unmixed with Bear or Bigg, in his, her or their Custody or Possession, shall be completely removed and carried away from his, her or their Possession and Premises; and no Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or M to Malt. Makers of Malt for Home Consumpton in Scotland from Bear sters malting or Bigg only, under the Provisions of this Act, shall be permitted from Bear or to make an Entry as a Maltster or Maltsters, or Maker or Makers Bi88» changing of Malt from Bariev or other Corn or Grain, until all the Malt Barley* &c< so by him made under the Provisions of this Act, from Bear or Bigg only, for Home Consumption in Scotland, shall be com-. pletely dried off, taken account of, and charged with Duty, and such Duty paid, and shall be completely removed, and carried away from his, her or their Possession and Premises, and until after the Expiration of Three Months from the Time of making such Entry for making Malt for Home Consumption in Scotland, from Bear or Bigg only as aforesaid; and all or any Entry or Entries which shall be made, or offered or tendered to be made, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, shall be and is hereby declared to be wholly null and void.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Maltsters malt-Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, no ing ho Bar-Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Barley }&c- not *°

be concerned

522

C. 118.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

as Maltsters from Bear or Bigg.

Penalty 2001. and Forfeiture of Grain.

No Entry to be of Places for making and keeping of Malt from Bear or Bigg, unless apart from Places for making and keeping of Malt from Barley.

Entry void.

Penalty 2001. and the Malt.

No Bear or Bigg to be brought into the Possession of Maltster without Notice to Officer, and leaving with him a Certificate from the Grower that the same is not mixed with other Grain.

and other Corn or Grain, shall directly or indirectly cany on, be concerned in, or have any Share, Title or Interest in carrying on the Trade or Business of a Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Bear or Bigg only, under the Provision* of this Act; and if any Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Barley or other Corn or Grain, shall at the same Time carry on, or be concerned in, or have any Share, Title or Interest in carrying on the Trade or Business of a Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Bear or Bigg only, under the Provisions of this Act, or whilst any Entry for that Purpose by him, her or them made shall be in force, he, she or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and all the Corn or Grain in the Custody or Possession of such Person or Persons shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, no Person or Persons whatsoever shall be permitted to make Entry or Use of any House or Place for the laying, making or keeping of Malt made from Bear or Bigg only, unless the same shall be completely separate and apart, and under a different Roof, and in separate and wholly detached Premises, from any House or Place entered or used for the making, laying or keeping of Malt made from Barley and other Corn or Grain; and no Person or Persons shall be permitted to make an Entry or Use of any House or Place for the making, laying or keeping of Malt made from Barley and other Corn or Grain, unless the same shall be completely separate and apart, and under a different Roof, and in wholly separate and detached Premises, from any House or Place entered or used for the making, laying and keeping of Malt made from Bear or Bigg only; and if any Entry or Entries shall be made or offered to be made contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Entry shall be and is hereby declared to be null and void; and any Person or Persons making, laying or keeping any Malt in any House or Place, Houses or Places, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum oi Two hundred Pounds, and all such Malt so made, laid or kept, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, no Bear or Bigg shall be brought into the Custody or Possession of any Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Bear or Bigg only, under the Provisions of this Act, or into any Room or other Place made use of by such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Bear or Bigg only, for the making, laying or keeping of such Malt, or of Bear or Bigg to be made into Malt, whether the said Room or other Place shall be entered or not entered, without first giving Notice thereof to the proper Officer of Excise of the Division or Place within which such Room or other Place is situate, and without thereupon producing to the said Officer, and leaving with him, an authentic Certificate under the Handwriting of the Grower from whom snbh Bear or

B'gg

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IY.

C. 118.

523

Bigg is purchased or received, testifying that such Corn or Grain so sold, sent or delivered with such Certificate unto and received by such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Bear or Bigg only, is really and actually Bear or Bigg only, without any Mixture therein, or any Addition thereto, of any other Kind or Species of Corn or Grain whatsoever, and also stating the Place, Parish and County where, and the Person by whom the same was grown; and all such Certificates, underwritten by the Officer of Excise to whom the same are respectively delivered, shall be transmitted by the Surveyor of the District to the Commissioners of Excise, as they shall direct: And if any Corn or Grain whatsoever, other than Bear or Bigg only, shall be brought or received into the Custody or Possession of any such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Bear or Bigg only, ^under the Provisions of this Act; or if any Corn or Grain, of whatever Species the same may be, whether mixed or unmixed with Bear or Bigg, shall be received into the Custody or Possession of any such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Bear or Bigg only, without such Notice and Certificate as is hereinbefore mentioned; all such Bear or Bigg or other Corn or Grain whatsoever shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt, into whose Custody or Possession the same shall be brought, or in whose Custody or Possession the same shall be found, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall give or grant unto any Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Bear or Bigg only, or aiw such Maltster or Maker shall produce any false or untrue Certificate, signifying or certifying that any Corn or Grain whatsoever, sold, sent or delivered unto, or had or received by any such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt as aforesaid, is really Bear or Bigg only, without the Mixture or Addition of any other Corn or Grain, when such Corn or Grain so sold, sent or delivered, is not really and truly Bear or Bigg only, without such Mixture or Addition of other Corn or Grain, or containing any other false or untrue Statement, every such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand' eight hundred and twenty, when any Bear or Bigg, or other Corn or Grain whatsoever, shall be brought and received into the Custody or Possession of any Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Bear or Bigg only, under the Provisions of this Act, or into any House, Room or Place made use of by such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Bear or Big£ only, for the making, laying or keeping of such Malt as aforesaid, or of Bear or Bigg to be made into Malt, then and in every such Case all such Bear or Bigg or other Cora or Grain shall be kept separate and apart from, and not in any manner mixed or confounded with any other Bear or Bigg, or any other Corn or Grain in the Custody or Possession

Penalty 2001.

Giving false Certificates to Maltsters, and Maltsters using them.

Penalty 2001.

Bear or Bigg delivered to Maltsters to be kept separate from any other for Twenty four Hours, and till the Officer shall inspect it:

C. 118.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

If mixed forfeited.

Penalty 50l.

Bear or Bigg not to be steeped for Twenty four Hours after brought in, or until inspected.

Penalty 50l. and Forfeiture of Grain.

Whether Notice given or not.

Officer to take an Account of Bear and Bigg, and may take Samples.

Obstructing Officer, &c.

session of such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt as aforesaid, for the Space of Twenty four Hours at least after the same hath been so received into his, her or their Custody or Possession, and until the Officer of Excise has had an Opportunity of inspecting and examining, the same; and if any such Bear or Bigg, or other Corn or Grain, shall not be kept separate and apart from all other Bear or Bigg, or other Corn or Grain, as is herein directed, then and in every such Case all such Bear or Bigg or other Corn or Grain so mixed or confounded, and all the Bear or Bigg, Corn or Grain, with which the same shall be so mixed or confounded, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt, in whose Custody the same shall be found, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, it shall not be lawful for any Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Bear or Bigg only, under the Provisions of this Act, to wet, steep or put into Water any Bear or Bigg in order to be made into Malt, until the Expiration of Twenty four Hours at least after the said Bear or Bigg shall have been brought into his, her or their Custody or Possession, or until the Officer of Excise has had an Opportunity of inspecting and examining the same; and if any such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Bear or Bigg only, shall begin to wet, steep or put into Water, any Bear or Bigg in order to be made into Malt, before the Expiration of Twenty four Hours after such Bear or Bigg has been brought into his, her or their Custody or Possession, or before the Officer of Excise has h^d an Opportunity of inspecting and examining the same, whether Notice of his, her or their Intention to wet the same shall or shall not have been given, he, she or they shall forfeit and lose for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and all the Bear or Bigg so begun to be wet, steeped or put into Water as aforesaid, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, all and every the Officer and Officers of Excise shall be and is and are hereby authorised and required to examine and take account of all Bear or Bigg, Com, Grain and Malt whatsoever, which shaft or may at any time be in the Custody or Possession of any Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Bear or Bigg only, under the Provisions of this Act, whether the same shall be actually making or made into Malt or not, and shall have full Power to ascertain, in such Manner as shaft be to his Satisfaction, the Quantity and the Species or Kind thereof, and of the Corn or Grain from which any such Malt has been made; and shall be authorised to take a Sample or Samples of aft such Bear or Bigg, Corn, Grain and Malt respectively, if such Officer or Officers shall deem the same to be necessary, such Sample or Samples not exceeding Two Ounces in the whole out of each separate Parcel of Bear or Bigg, Corn, Grain or Malt; and if any Person or Persons shall at any time hinder, obstruct or deceive any such Officer or

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 118. 525

Officers in examining the Species or Kind of such Bear, Bigg, or

other Corn or Grain, or Malt as aforesaid, or in ascertaining the Quantity thereof respectively, or in taking Samples of the same, or use any Means, Art or Device for that Purpose, every such

Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose

Penalty 200l.

the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Barley, kc. Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, if or Malt frora any Officer or Officers of Excise shall find and discover any Barley mixed

or other Corn or Grain than Bear or Bigg only, unmixed with any "r lin^ixed>e other Corn or Grain, or any Malt which has been made from found in Po»-Barley or other Corn or Grain than Bear or Bigg only, and un- session of Malt-mixed with other Corn or Grain, in the Custody or Possession of malting or on the Premises belonging to any Maltster or Maltsters, Maker

or Makers of Malt from Bear or Bigg only, under the Provisions foiSd °and ° of this Act, whether the said Barley, Corn, Grain or Malt shall be Penalty 2001., unmixed, or mixed or mingled with or among Bear or Bigg, or and Maltster with or among Malt made from Bear or Bigg, then all such Bar- charged 2s. 6d. ley and Corn or Grain, and Bear or Bigg, and all such Malt made aJidldof Malt from Barley, Corn or Grain other than Bear or Bigg only, and in hi* PossU-also all the Bear or Bigg, and Malt made from Bear or Bigg, with &ion. or among which the same shall be mixed or mingled, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt, with whom or in whose Custody such Barley,

Corn or Grain other than Bear or Bigg, or Malt made from Corn

+or Grain other than Bear or Bigg, shall be found, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall also be charged with and shall pay the full Duty of Two Shillings and Sixpence by the said recited Act imposed for and upon all and every Bushel of Malt whatsoever that shall then be in his, her or their Custody or Possession, whether the same shall be completely made or not, and from whatever Species of Grain the same shall or may be making or made, or pretended or alleged to be making or made.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maltster Maltsters malu

or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Bear or Bigg only, ing from Bear

shall be subject and liable to all the Rules, Regulations, Restric- or on, y

tions, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures, for securing, charg- " e to.Re?Ur . 1, tx A & laiions, &c. to

ing, computing, levying and paying the Duty or Duties upon which ot^er

Malt, and for preventing Frauds relating thereto, to which any Maltsters are

Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Barley or liable, and en-

other Corn or Grain is or are made subject and liable by any Act tit, ed to the

or Acts of Parliament now in force; and such Maltster or Malt- °w"

sters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Bear or Bigg only, shall

+have and be entitled to the same and no other Allowances in charging and computing the Duties imposed upon Malt made by him, her or them, as are made or given to Maltsters or Makers of Malt from Barley or other Corn or Grain, in virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, save and except where the same shall or may be expressly altered by any of the Clauses, Matters or Things hereinbefore specially provided in regard to

Maltsters or Makers of Malt from Bear or Bigg only; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

C. 118. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Maltsters from Bear or Bigg for Exportation liable to Regulations &c. and entitled to Allowances of other Maltsters for Exportation.

Distillers, &c. sending Spirits, &c. to England, to make Oath that the Malt used was made from Barley, &c. and not from Bear or Bigg.

False swearing, Perjury.

Distiller making Malt from Bear oir Bigg in any Distillery of Spirits for Exportation, or receiving into his Possession any Malt made from Bear or Bigg mixed or unmixed;

XV. And be it further enacted, That from and after die said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, in case any Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Bear or Bigg, shall intend to make Malt from Bear or Bigg for the Purpose of Exportation, such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt, shall be subject and liable to all and every the Rules, Restrictions, Provisions, Regulations, Limitations, Penalties and Forfeitures, to which any Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt for Exportation is or are liable, and shall be entitled to and shall receive the same and no other Allowances which any Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt for Exportation does or is entitled to receive in virtue or in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force relating to the making of Malt for Exportation.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, when and so often as any Distiller, or any Common Brewer or Maker of Ale or Beer in Scotland, or any other Person or Persons in Scotland, shall export or send to England or elsewhere any Spirits, or any Ale or Beer brewed or made in Scotland, every such Distiller, Common Brewer, or Maker of Ale or Beer, or such other Person or Persons, or his Foreman, Manager, or principal Servant, shall, before or at the time of the Shipment thereof, make Oath before the Collector or other principal Officer of Excise of the Collection from whence the same shall be meant to be exported or sent (which Oath such Collector and principal Officer respectively is hereby empowered and required to administer) , that the Malt used and employed in the making or brewing of such Spirits, Ale or Beer respectively, so meant to be exported or sent to England or elsewhere, was Malt made from Barley or other Corn or Grain, in respect whereof the full Duty of Excise was charged and paid, or secured to be paid; and that no Malt whatsoever made from Bear or Bigg, for or in respect whereof a lesser Duty was charged or paid, was used or employed in the making or brewing thereof; and if any such Brewer or other Person or Persons shall swear falsely, every such Brewer or ether Person shall suffer the Pains of Perjury.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, it shall not be lawful for any Distiller or any Person or Persons in Scotland, to make use of any Malt made from Bear or Bigg in any Distillery entered for the distilling or making of Spirits in Scotland for Exportation, or to receive or have in his, her or their Custody or Possession, or in any Part of any Premises used for the Purpose of distilling or making or keeping Spirits for Exportation, or for the keeping or laying of Malt or Gram to be employed for that Purpose, any Malt made from Bear or Bigg, mixed or unmixed with any other Malt or Grain whatsoever; and if any Officer or Officers of Excise shall find or discover any Malt made from Bear or Bigg, mixed or unmixed with any other Malt or Grain whatsoever, in the Custody and Possession of or on the Premises belonging to or used by any Distiller of Spirits in Scotland for Exportation, all such Malt made from Bear or Bigg, and all Malt or Grain mixed therewith, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 118, 119. 527

may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and every Penalty sool. Distiller of Spirits in Scotland for Exportation who shall use in and Malt for-such Distillery any Malt made from Bear or Bigg, mixed or un- feited* mixed with other Malt or Grain, or in whose Premises or Possession any Malt made from Bear or Bigg, mixed or unmixed with other Malt or Grain, shall be received or found, shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, to be recovered, levied and applied as any other Exeise Penalty may be recovered, levied and applied.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Corn or Grain In Ca*es of

shall, after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred Seizure of and twenty, be seized as forfeited under or by virtue of the Provisions of this Act, for being Barley or other Corn or Grain than c|air^n^ Bear or Bigg only, or for being a Mixture of Barley or other Corn Bear or Bigg, or Grain with Bear or Bigg; or if any Malt shall be seized as for- in Cases of feited under or by virtue of the Provisions of this Act, for being Malt, Claimant Malt made from Bariev or other Corn or Grain than Bear or Bigg to prove that only, or for being Malt made from a Mixture of Barley or other the ^uty of Corn or Grain with Bear or Bigg, the Proof that such Com or

Grain is Bear or Bigg only, and net a Mixture of Barley or other beeu

Corn or Grain with Bear or Bigg, and that such Malt, if claimed as being Malt made from Bear or Bigg under the Provisions of this Act, was made from Bear or Bigg only under the Provisions of this Act, and not from Barley or other Corn or Grain, or a Mixture of Barley or other Grain with Bear or Bigg, shall lie on the Claimant thereof; or if such Malt be claimed as Malt made from Barley or other Grain not under the Provisions of this Act, the Proof that the full Duty imposed by the said recited Act has been charged and paid for and in respect thereof, after the Rate of Two Shillings and Sixpence for every Bushel thereof, shall lie upon the Claimant thereof respectively.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Recovery and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, Application levied or mitigated by such Ways, Means or Methods as any ofi>enalties* Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for* recovered, levied

or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and that One Moiety of every such Fine,

Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her or them who shall discover, inform or sue for the same.

CAP. CXIX.

An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England; to continue in force until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty five.

[26th July 1820.]

WHEREAS notwithstanding the Acts which have from time to time passed for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and the Discharge of many Prisoners for small Debts by Charitable Donations, great Numbers of Persons generally remain confined for Debt in different Prisons in England; and it is therefore expedient to make a permanent Provision for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, in England, under certain Restrictions

C. 119.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Three Barristers to be appointed Commissioners.

Court to be a Court of Record.

Appointment of Officers.

Power of the Court to adjourn, administer Oaths, commit for Contempt, &c. as the Superior Courts at Westminster.

How far Court may award Costs.

Witnesses to have Expenses previously teqT dared.

Sittings of Court twice a Week.

No Fees except such as established.

a.

Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to appoint a Chief and Two other Commissioners, being Barristers at Law of Ten Years standing at the least, to be His Majesty's Commissioners for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and to preside in a Court to be called The Court for Relief of Insolvent Debtors; which shall be a Court of Record for the Purposes of this Act; and that when and as soon as the said respective Appointments shall have been notified in the London Gazette, such Court shall be deemed to be fully constituted and established; and that such Court shall have Power to appoint a Chief Clerk, a Provisional Assignee, a Receiver, and such other Officers as the Lord Chancellor, and the Chief Justices of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and the Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer, shall judge to be necessary, and in such Manner as they shall direct; and that the said Court, or any of the Commissioners acting under the Powers of this Act, may adjourn any Meeting under this Act as often as the said Court or Commissioners shall think necessary, and may administer Oaths and examine all Parties and Witnesses upon Oath for the purposes of this Act, and shall have such like and the same Powers of compelling the Attendance of Witnesses, and of requiring and compelling the Production of Books, Papers, and Writings, as now are possessed by any of the Superior Courts at Westminster, and to order any Prisoner who shall have petitioned for Relief under this Act, or any Prisoner who shall be a necessary and material Witness in any Matter pending in the said Court, or before any Commissioner thereof, to be brought before the said Court or such Commissioner as often as the said Court or such Commissioner shall think fit; and that the said Court shall also have the Power of committing all Persons guilty of any Contempt to the said Court, to the Prison of the King's Bench, or to the Common Gaol of any County in which such Person shall be, and the Power of fining in a summary Way, or removing any of the Officers of the said Court who shall be guilty of any Negligence, wilful or unnecessary Delay, or other Misconduct whatsoever: Provided always, that the said Court shall not have the Power of awarding Costs against any Person or Persons whomsoever, except in such Cases only where such Costs are hereinafter expressly mentioned and permitted to be awarded by this Act: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to the compelling the Attendance of any Witness, unless the Party on whose Behalf such Witness shall be required to attend shall have previously tendered to such Witness such Allowance for Expenses for his Attendance as in the Judgment of the said Court or of a Commissioner shall appear to be reasonable.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Court shall sit for the Dispatch of Business Twice in every Week throughout the Year, and One at least of the said Commissioners shall attend for such purpose.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Fee or Gratuity shall be received or taken by the said Court, or any Officer thereof, of

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 119. 529

or from any Person whomsoever, on any Pretence whatsoever, except such as shall at any time be specified in a List thereof, to be signed by the Commissioners of the said Court, a Copy of which List shall always be exposed to View in the Office of the said Court.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and Persons in Cu*-

as soon as the said Court shall be fully constituted and esta- for Debt,

blished, it shall be lawful for any Person in that Part of the

United Kingdom called England, who shall be in actual Custody upon any Process whatsoever, for or by reason of any Debt, for Discharge. Damage, Costs, Sum or Sums of Money, or for or by reason of any Contempt of any Court whatsoever for Nonpayment of any Sum or Sums of Money, or of Costs, taxed or untaxed, either ordered to be paid or to the Payment of which such Persons would be liable in purging such Contempt, or in any manner in consequence of or by reason of such Contempt, at any time within the Space of Fourteen Days next after such Court shall have been so fully constituted and established, or within the Space of Fourteen Days next after the Commencement of such actual Custody, or within such further time as the said Court shall think reason* able, to apply by Petition in a summary Way to the Court to be established by virtue of this Act, for lus or her Discharge from such Confinement, according to the Provisions of this Act; and in Petition to state such Petition shall be stated the Place wherein such Prisoner shall Debts and other be then confined, the Time when such Prisoner was first charged Particulars* in Custody, together with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons at whose Suit or Prosecution he or she shall, at the Time of presenting such Petition, be detained in Custody, and the Amount of the Debts and Sums of Money, and also of such Costs as aforesaid, so far as the Amount of such Costs is ascertained, for which such Prisoner shall be so detained; and shall pray to be discharged from Custody, and to have future Liberty of his or her Person against the Demands for which such Prisoner shall be then in Custody, and against the Demands of all other Persons who shall be or claim to be Creditors of such Prisoner at the Time of presenting such Petition; which Petition shall be subscribed by Petition to be the said Prisoner, and shall forthwith be filed in the said Court; Hied, and such Prisoner shall at the Time of subscribing such Petition Prisoner to duly execute a Conveyance and Assignment, in such Manner and A»-

Forrn as the said Court shall direct, of all the Estate, Right, Title, ajgnieirt of hk Interest and Trust of such Prisoner to all the Real and Personal Estate and Effects of every such Prisoner, except to the Wearing Apparel, &cf Apparel, Bedding, and other such Necessaries of such Prisoner not exceeding and his or her Family, not exceeding in the whole the Value of the Value of Twenty Pounds, so as to vest all such Real and Personal Estate 20L and Effects in the Provisional Assignee of the said Court, subject to a Proviso that in case such Prisoner shall not obtain his Discharge by virtue of this Act, such Conveyance and Assignment shall, from and after the Dismission of the Petition of such Prisoner praying for his Discharge, be null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Court may or-Conrt shall and may order and direct such Provisional Assignee, der Allowance or such Assignee or Assignees as are hereinafter mentioned, to ^Support of

1Gro.IV. Mm pay Pn, on*r-

C. 119.

1 GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

When Petition it filed, Prisoner to deliver in a Schedule of Debts, Property, &c. as herein described;

and also of Wearing Apparel, Bedding,

&c.

Court may ap* point Assignees.

Prtsoner*s i*rftste vested *

pay out of the said Estate and Effects before mentioned to the said Prisoner such Allowance for his or her Support and Main* tenance during such Prisoner's Confinement in actual Custody aa to the said Court shall seem reasonable and fit.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Prisoner shall, within the Space of Fourteen Days next after such Petition shall have been filed, or within such further Time as the said Court shall think reasonable, deliver into the said Court a Schedule, containing a full and true Description of all and every Person and Persons to whom such Prisoner shall be then indebted, or who to his or her Knowledge or Belief shall claim to be his or her Creditors, together with the Nature and Amount of such Debts and Claims respectively, distinguishing such as shall be admitted from such as shall be disputed by such Prisoner, and also a full, true, and perfect Account of all the Estates and Effects, Real and Personal, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or Expectancy; and also of all Places of Benefit or Advantage, whether the Emoluments of the same arise from fixed Salaries or from Fees; and also of all Pensions or Allowances of the said Prisoner in Possession or Reversion, or held by any other Parson or Persons for or on behalf of the said Prisoner, or of and from which the said Prisoner derives or may derive any manner of Benefit or Advantage; and also all Rights and Powers of every Nature and Kind whatsoever, which such Prisoner, or any other Person or Persons in trust for such Prisoner, or for his or her Use, Benefit or Advantage in any manner whatsoever, shall be seised or possessed of, or interested in, or entitled unto, or which such Prisoner, or any Person or Persons in trust for him or her, or for his or her Benefit, shall have any Power to dispose of, charge or exercise for the Benefit or Advantage of such Prisoner at the Time of presenting such Petition; together with a full, true and perfect Account of all Debts at such Time owing to such Prisoner, or to any Person or Persons in trust for him or her, or for his or her Benefit or Advantage, either solely, or jointly with any other Person or Persons; and the Names and Places of Abode of the several Persons from whom such Debts shall be due or owing, and of the Witnesses who can prove such Debts, so far as such Prisoner can set forth the same; and such Schedule shall also fully and truly describe the Wearing Apparel and Bedding of such Prisoner, and his or her Family, and the working Tools and Implements, and other such Necessaries, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Twenty Pounds, which may be excepted by such Prisoner from the Operation of this Act, together with the Values of such excepted Articles respectively; and the said Schedule shall be subscribed by such Prisoner, and shall forthwith be filed in the said Court.

VII. And be it further enacted, That when the said Court shall adjudge any Prisoner to be entitled to his Discharge, such Court shall appoint a proper Person or proper Persons to be Assignee or Assignees of the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner for the Purposes of this Act; and when such Assignee or Assignees shall have signified to the said Court their Acceptance of the said Appointment, every such Prisoner's Estate, Effects, Rights and Powers, vested in such Provisional Assignee as aforesaid, shall

5 imme-

immediately be assigned by such Provisional Assignee to such Assignee or Assignees, in trust for the Benefit of such Assignee or Assignees and the rest of the Creditors of every such Prisoner, in respect of or in proportion to their respective Debts, according to the Provisions of this Act; and in case any Prisoner who shall be discharged by virtue of this Act shall be entitled to any Copy-hold or Customary Estate, the Assignment to such Assignee or Assignees as aforesaid shall be entered on the Court Rolls of the Manor of which such Copyhold or Customary Estate shall be holden; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the Assignee or Assignees of the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner, to surrender or convey such Copyhold or Customary Estate to any Purchaser or Purchasers of any such Copyhold or Customary Estate from such Assignee or Assignees, as the said Court shall direct, and the Rents and Profits thereof shall be in the meantime received by such Assignee or Assignees, for the Benefit of the Creditors of such Prisoner, without Prejudice nevertheless to the Lord or Lords of the Manor of which any such Copyhold or Customary Estate shall be holden; and such Assignee or Assignees is and are hereby fully empowered to sue from time to time, as there may be occasion, in his, her, or their own Name or Names, for the Recovery, obtaining, and enforcing any Estate, Effects, or Rights of any such Prisoner; and also to execute any Trust or Power vested in or created for the Use or Benefit of any such Prisoner, but in trust for the Benefit of such Assignee or Assignees and the rest of the Creditors of every such Prisoner, according to the Provisions of this Act, and to give such Discharge and Discharges to any Person or Persons who shall respectively be indebted to such Prisoner, as may be requisite; and every such Assignment as aforesaid, whether to a Provisional or other Assignee or Assignees, shall be entered on the Proceedings of the said Court, and an Office Copy of every such Assignment shall be sufficient Evidence thereof in all Courts, and to all Intents and Purposes; and every such Assignee or Assignees shall, with all convenient Speed, after his, her or their accepting such Assignment as aforesaid, use his, or her, or their best Endeavours to receive and get in the Estate and Effects of every such Prisoner, and shall, with all convenient Speed, make Sale of all the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner vested in such Assignee or Assignees; and if such Prisoner shall be interested in or entitled to any Real Estate, either in Possession, Reversion, or Expectancy, the same, within the Space of Two Months after such Assignment and Conveyance, or within such other Time as the said Court shall direct, shall be sold by public Auction, in such Manner, and at such Place or Places, as the major Part of the Creditors of such Prisoner entitled to the Benefit thereof, who shall assemble together on any Notice in Writing published in the London Gazette, and in some daily Paper printed and published in London, or within the Bills of Mortality, if the Prisoner before his or her going to Prison resided in London, or within the Bills of Mortality, and if such Prisoner resided elsewhere, then in some printed Newspaper which shall be published and generally circulated in or near the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Place, in which such Prisoner resided before he or

Copyhold or Customary Estates to be assigned.

Surrender by Assignee to Purchases.

Assignment of Prisoner's Estate entered on Proceedings of Court.

Sale of Estate and Effects of the Prisoner to be immediately made.

Creditors to meet 30 Days before Sale, on Notice*.

532

C. 119.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

At the End of Three Months, Assignee to Account and Dividends to be made:

Account of Prisoner's Estate , sworn and filed by Assignee.

Notice of Dividend.

Debt may be objected to by Prisoner.

Proceedings thereon.

she was committed to Prison, Thirty Days before any such Sale shall be made, shall, under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, approve; and every such Assignee or Assignees, at the End of Three Months at the farthest from the Time of his, her, or their accepting any such Assignment or Conveyance as aforesaid, and so from time to time as Occasion shall require, shall make up an Account of such Prisoner's Estate, and make Oath in Writing, before an Officer of the said Court to be appointed for that Purpose, or before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty or Place m which'such Assignee or Assignees shall reside, that such Account contains a fair and just Account of the Estate and Effects of every such Prisoner got in by or for such Assignee or Assignees, and of all Payments made in respect thereof, and that all Payments in every such Account charged were truly and bona fide made and paid, which Account so sworn shall be filed with the proper Officer of the said Court; and if it shall appear that such Assignee or Assignees has in his or their Hands any Balance wherewith a Dividend may be made amongst the Creditors of such Prisoner, whose Debts are expressed in the Schedule delivered by such Prisoner, such Assignee or Assignees shall forthwith declare the Amount of the Balance in his Hands, wherewith such Dividend may be made; and Notice of the making of every such Dividend shall be published, in like Manner as a Meeting of Creditors is hereinbefore directed to be published, Thirty Days at least before such Dividend shall be made; and every Creditor whose Debts shall be stated admitted in the Prisoner's Schedule shall be allowed to receive a Share of such Dividend, unless such Prisoner, or his or her Assignee or Assignees, or any other Creditor of such Prisoner, shall object to any such Debt, in which Case the same shall be examined into by the said Court, who shall have full Power for that Purpose to require and compel the Production of all Books, Papers, and Writings which may be necessary to be produced, as well by the Person or Persons claiming such Debt, as by the Prisoner against whom the same shall be claimed, or his or her Assignee or Assignees, and to examine all such Persons and their Witnesses on Oath, as the Nature of the Case may require, and to take all other Measures necessary for the due Investigation of such Claim; and the Decision of the said Court upon such Claim shall be conclusive with respect to any Dividend of the Effects of such Prisoner, under the Provisions of this Act.

VIII. And Whereas Prisoners discharged by virtue of this

Act may be entitled to Annuities for their own Lives, or other uncertain Interests, or to reversionary or contingent Interests,

or to Property under such Circumstances that the immediate Sale thereof, for Payment of their Debts, may be very prejudicial to them, and deprive them of the Means of Subsistence which they might otherwise have after Payment of their Debts; and it may be proper in some Cases to authorise the raising of Money by way of Mortgage, for Payment of the Debts or Part of the Debts of a Prisoner discharged by virtue of this Act, and defraying the Expenses attending the Execution of this Act, instead of selling the Property of such Prisoner for such

JSi. D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 119. 5SS

# Purposes; Be it enacted, That in all such Cases it shall be Court to girt

lawful for the said Court to take into Consideration all Circum- Directions as to

stances affecting the Property of any Prisoner who shall be discharged by virtue of this Act, either at the Time of the Discharge Cases herein1

of such Prisoner or at any subsequent Time; and if it shall appear mentioned.

+to the said Court that it would be reasonable to make any special Order touching the same, it shall be lawful for the said Court so to do, and to direct that such Property as it may be expedient not to sell, or not to sell immediately, according to the Provisions of this Act, shall not be so sold, and from time to time to order and direct in what Manner such Property shall be managed for the Benefit of the Creditors of such Prisoner, until the same can be properly sold, or until Payment of all such Creditors according to the Provisions of this Act, and to make, such Order touching the Sale or Disposition of such Property as to the said Court shall seem reasonable, considering the Rights of the Creditors of such Prisoner to Payment of their Demands, and the future Benefit of such Prisoner after Payment of his or her Debts, and upon such Terms and Conditions with respect to the Allowance of Interest on Debts not bearing Interest, or other Circumstances,

as to the said Court shall seem just; and if it shall appear to the Property may

said Court that the debts of such Prisoner can be discharged by lte mortgaged if

means of Money raised by way of Mortgage on any Property of ni°re beneficial.

such Prisoner, instead of raising the same by Sale, it shall be lawful for the said Court so to order, and to give all necessary Directions for such Purpose, and generally to direct all things

which may be proper for the Discharge of the Debts of such 1r '

+Prisoner, in such Manner as may be most consistent with the Interests of such Prisoner in any Surplus of his or her Effects after Payment of such Debts.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case such Prisoner, or if Prisoner, any of his or her Creditors, or the said Court, shall at any time Creditors or be dis-satisfied with the Account of any Assignee or Assignees, so Court dissari*. rendered upon Oath as aforesaid; or in case any such Assignee fied 71?1 A8aiff* or Assignees shall neglect to render such Account, or shall "rif AuiMMs neglect to dispose of the Property, or collect the Effects of such neglect to do Prisoner, or shall in any manner waste or mismanage the Estate their Duty, or Effects of such Prisoner, or neglect to make a due Distribution Court may di-thereof; it shall be lawful for such Court, or of any such Cre- rect In9u"7« ditor as aforesaid, to require such Assignee or Assignees to render such Account, on Oath, as is directed by this Act, if not before rendered, and to examine any Account so rendered, and to inquire into any Waste, Mismanagement, or Neglect of the Estate or Effects of such Prisoner, and direct a proper Administration thereof, and ascertain the Produce of such Estate and Effects, to be divided amongst the Creditors of such Prisoner, and direct the Distribution thereof accordingly; and to require and compel the Book *, &c. to Production of all Books, Papers, and Writings necessary for such be produced* Purposes, and to examine all Parties, and their Writings, on Oath, as the case may require; and to take all such Measures as shall be necessary for the compelling and rendering of such Account, and the due Investigation thereof, and the proper Disposition and Distribution of the Effects of such Prisoner, according to this Act. and to award Costs against any of the Parties, as Justice shall Cot*.

1° GEO. IV.

Decision final.

Creditor for Annuity, &c. may receive Dividend, & c.

If

Proviso for Securities.

Action at Law not prosecuted beyond Arrest, nor Suit in Equity commenced .without Consent of Majority of Creditors at Meeting on Notice.

Power to lease in Prisoner seised of Lands extended to Assignee

Assignees on Notice may make Composition for Debts owing to Prisoner,

C. 119.

A.D. 1820.

require; and the Decisions of the said Court upon all such Matters shall be final and conclusive.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Creditor and Creditors of any such Prisoner, for any Sum and Sums of Money payable by way of Annuity or otherwise, at any future time or times, by virtue of any Bond, Covenant, or other Securities of any Nature whatsoever, may be and shall be entitled to be admitted a Creditor or Creditors, and shall be entitled to receive a Dividend or Dividends of the Estate of such Prisoner, in such Manner and upon such Terms and Conditions as such Creditor or Creditors would have been entitled unto by the Laws now in force if such Prisoner had become Bankrupt; the Amount upon which such Dividend shall be calculated, and the Terms and Conditions on which the same shall be received, being first settled by the said Court; and without Prejudice in future to their respective Securities, otherwise than as the same would have been affected by a Proof made in respect thereof by a Creditor under a Commission of Bankrupt, and a Certificate obtained by the Bankrupt under such Commission.

XI. Provided, and be it also enacted, That no Suit* in Law be proceeded in further than an Arrest on Mespe Process, or Suit in Equity be commenced by any Assignee or Assignees of any such Prisoner's Estate and Effects, without the Consent of the major Part in Value of the Creditors of such Prisoner, who shall meet together pursuant to a Notice to be given, at least Fourteen Days before such Meeting, in the London Gazette, or other Newspaper which shall be published in the Neighbourhood of the last Residence of such Prisoner, for that Purpose, and without the Approbation of One of the Commissioners of the said Court.

XII. And Whereas many Persons who may claim the Benefit, or be brought within the Operation of this Act, are seised and possessed of Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to hold for the Term of their natural Lives, with Power of granting Leases and taking Fines, reserving small Renta on such Estate, for One, Two or Three Lives, in Possession or Reversion, or for some Number of Years determinable upon Lives, or have Powers over such Real or Personal Estate which such Prisoners could execute for their own Advantage, and which said Powers ought to be executed for the Benefit of the Creditors of such Prisoners; Be it therefore enacted, That in every such case all and every the Powers of leasing such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and all other such Powers as aforesaid over such Real or Personal Estates, which are or shall be vested in any such Prisoner as aforesaid, shall and are hereby vested in the Assignee or Assignees of the Real and Personal Estate of such Prisoner, by virtue of this Act, so far as the Prisoner could by Law vest such Power in any Person to whom he might lawfully have conveyed such Property, to be by such Assignee or Assignees executed for the Benefit of all and every the Creditors of such Prisoner as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful at all times hereafter for any Assignee or Assignees of the Estate or Effects of any Prisoner, by and with the Consent of the major Part in Value of the Creditors of such Prisoner, who,

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 119. 555

shall be present at a Meeting to be had on Fourteen Days* Notice previously given for the Purpose hereafter mentioned in the London Gazette, if the Prisoner was in Custody in London or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and if not, then also in some Newspaper which shall be published in the County, City or Place in or near which such Prisoner shall have been in such actual Custody, and with the Approbation of one of the Commissioners of the said Court, to make Compositions with any Debtors or Accountants to such Prisoner, where the same shall appear necessary or reasonable, and to take such reasonable Part of any such Debts as can upon such Composition, be gotten in full Discharge of such Debts and Accounts; and to* submit to Arbitration any Difference or Dispute between such Assignee or Assignees, and any Person or Persons, for or on account or by reason of any Matter, Cause or Thing relating to the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner; and every such Assignee or Assignees is and are hereby indemnified for what they shall fairly do in the Premises in pursuance of this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Assignee so appointed shall be unwilling to act, or in case of the Death or Incapacity or Misconduct of any such Assignee, it shall be lawful to and for any Creditor of such Prisoner to apply to the said Court to appoint a new Assignee or Assignees, with like Powers and Authorities as are given by this Act to the original Assignee or Assignees; and the said Court shall have Power to remove such Assignees, and to appoint such new Assignee or Assignees, and to oblige any Assignee who shall be removed, and the Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns of any deceased Assignee, to account for and deliver up all such Estate and Effects, Books, Papers, Writings, Deeds, and all other Evidences relating thereto, as shall remain in his or her Hands, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act, and the Decision of the said Court thereupon shall be final and conclusive; and from and immediately after such Appointment, all the Estate, Effects, Rights, and Powers of the said Prisoner, vested either in the Provisional Assignee or such Assignee or Assignees as aforesaid, shall become and the same are hereby vested in such new Assignee or Assignees.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Assignee or Assignees, or the Heirs, Executors or Administrators of any deceased Assignee or Assignees, shall not deliver over any Part of such Estate or Effects, or pay the Balance of the Produce of any such Estate or Effects found to be in the Hands of such Assignee or Assignees, or of such Heirs, Executors or Administrators as aforesaid, according to the Tenor of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Court to be established by virtue of this Act to order the Person or Persons so offending to be arrested and committed to the County Gdbl nearest to the Place where they shall reside, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until such Person or Persons shall have fulfilled the Duty required by this Act, or until this Court shall make other Order to the contrary.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Court shall forthwith, after such Petition and Schedule shall have been respectively filed in the said Court, cause Notice thereof to be given to the Creditor or Creditors at whose Suit such Prisoner shall be

M m 4 detained,

and submit to Arbitration.

Indemnified.

Court may appoint new Assignees in case-of Death or Removal.

When Assignees shall not deliver over Balance of Property, Court may order them to be arrested, &c.

Court to give Notice in the London Gazette, &c. to Creditors, after

536

C. 119.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Creditor* msy oppose Prisoner's Discharge, pot Questions &c.

Petition and detailed, or the Attorney or Agent of such Creditor or Creditors, Schedule shall and the other Creditors named in the Schedule of such Pri-bave been filed. goner> or guch of them ag the gaid Court shall think fit, and to be inserted in the London Gazette, and also, if the said Court shall think necessary, in some other Newspaper or Newspapers, and shall appoint a Day and Place for the hearing of the Matter of such Petition; and in case such Notice as the said Court shall direct shall have been given by any Creditor, of his or her Intention to oppose such Prisoner's Discharge, it shall and may be lawful both for the said Creditor, and any other of the Creditors of the said Prisoner, to oppose such Prisoner's Discharge, and for that Purpose to put such Questions to such Prisoner and examine such Witnesses as the said Court shall think fit, touching the Matters contained in such Petition and Schedule, and touching such other Matters as the said Court shall be of opinion that it may be fit and proper to enquire into, in order to the due Execution of this Act; but no Creditor shall examine or oppose the Discharge of such Prisoner, until he shall make Oath or Affidavit of his Debt, or otherwise satisfy the Court of his Right to oppose such Prisoner's Discharge, if required so to do by such Prisoner: Provided always, that at such Hearing, any Creditor or Creditors so opposing may require, or the Court may, if it shall deem it necessary, order that it shall be referred to an Officer of the said Court, to investigate the Accounts of the said Prisoner, and to examine into the Truth of the Schedule of such Prisoner, and to report thereon to the said Court; and the said Court may at such Hearing proceed on the other Matters in opposition to the Discharge of such Prisoner, or adjourn the said Hearing thereof until such Officer shall have so made Ins Report; and in case such Prisoner shall not be opposed, and the Court shall be satisfied with the said Schedule, and that such Prisoner is entitled

to be discharged to the Benefit of this Act, then and in such Case such Court shall as herein men- so declare, and shall order such Prisoner to be discharged from Custody forthwith, or so soon as such Prisoner shall have been in Custody at the Suit of One or more of the Persons who were Creditors at the Time of petitioning, or who have since become Creditors in respect of Debts then growing due, for such Period or Periods not exceeding Six Months in the whole, as the said Court shall direct, to be computed from the Time of filing the Petition of such Prisoner, and shall in such Order specify the several Debts of the said Prisoner to which such Charge shall apply; and such Discharge shall extend to all Process issuing from any Court for any Contempt of any Court, Ecclesiastical or Civil, by Non-payment of Money, or of Costs or Expenses in any Cause or Proceeding in any Court, Ecclesiastical or Civil; and in case it shall appear to such Court, that the Opposition to the Petition of such Prisoner, by any of such Creditors, is frivolous and vexatious, that then it shall and may be lawful for such Court to award such Cost6 to such Prisoner as shall appear unto the Court to be just and reasonable.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall appear to the said Court, that such Prisoner shall, with Intent to con-PHirt h cea* State h*8 Affairs, or to defeat the Objects of this Act, have dwtroyod have destroyed or otherwise wilfully prevented or purposely withheld

Accounts of Prisoner may be referred to an Officer of the Court.

Court, if satisfied with Schedule, &c. may order Prisoner

tioned.

What the Order is to specify.

* When it shall appear to the

1° GEO. IV. C. 119. 537

held the Production of aoy Books, Papers or Writings, relating to such of his Afiairs as are subject to Investigation under this Act; or shall have kept or caused to be kept false Books, or made false Entries, or have wilfully and fraudulently altered or falsified any such Books, Papers or Writings; or shall in any respect have been guilty of Fraud, in discharging or concealing any Debt due to or from the said Prisoner; or shall have fraudulently made away with, charged, mortgaged, or concealed any Part of his or her Property of what Kind soever, either before or after the Commencement of his or her said Imprisonment, for the Purpose of diminishing the Sum to be divided among his or her Creditors, or of giving an undue Preference to any of the said Creditors; then it shall and may be lawful for the said Court to order that such Prisoner shall not be discharged out of Custody by virtue of this Act, or receive or be entitled to any Protection under the same, until he shall have been in Custody at the Suit of some one or more of the Persons who were Creditors at the Time of his petitioning the said Court, or had since become Creditors in respect of Debts then growing due, and from whose Claims he shall be discharged by the Judgment of the said Court, for such Period or Periods, not exceeding Three Years in the whole, as the said Court shall direct, to be computed from the filing of such Prisoner s Petition to the said Court.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall appear to the said Court that any such Prisoner shall have contracted any of his Debts fraudulently, or by means of false Pretences, or without having had any reasonable or probable Expectation at the Time when contracted of paying the same, or shall be indebted for Damages recovered in any Action for Criminal Conversation, or for seducing the Daughter of the Plaintiff in such Action, or in any Action for a malicious Prosecution, or for any other malicious Injury, or shall have put any of_his or her Creditors to any unnecessary Expense, by any vexatious or frivolous Defence to any Suit for recovering the same, it shall and may be lawful for such Court to order that such Prisoner shall not be discharged out of Custody by virtue of this Act, or be entitled to any Benefit or Protection under the same, as to any Debt so contracted, or as to any Damages so incurred, or as to any Debt for recovering of which he shall 60 have occasioned unnecessary Expense as aforesaid, until he shall have been in Custody at the Suit of the Creditor or Creditors whose Debts shall have been so contracted or Damages so incurred, or who shall have been so put to Expense, for such Period or Periods, not exceeding Two Years in the whole, as the said Court shall direct, to be computed as aforesaid.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all cases where such Prisoners shall not be ordered to be discharged forthwith, but to be liable to Imprisonment at the Suit of his Creditor or Creditors, or of any or either of them, it shall be lawful for the said Court, on the Application of such Prisoner, to order the Creditor or Creditors at whose Suit such Prisoner shall be imprisoned, to pay to such Prisoner such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Rate of Four Shillings by the Week in the whole, at such Times and in such Manner as the said Court shall

Books or acted fraudulently, Sec. Term of Imprisonment may be extended to Three Years.

When Prisoners shall have contracted Debts fraudulently, &c. or put their Creditors to any unnecessary Expense, the Court may extend Time of Imprisonment to Two Years.

Court may order Creditors to pay Prisoners any Sum not exceeding 4s. per Week.

C. 119.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1830.

Justices of the Peace to appoint in their Districts Examiners, Sec.

The Court may direct final Examinations to be taken at Quarter Sessions.

Notice to be given in the London Gazette, &c.

Prisoner's Discharge may be opposed upon Notice.

Schedule may be further investigated.

Certificate.

Examiner to receive ll. for very Meeting.

direct; and that on Failure of Payment thereof as directed by the said Court, such Prisoner shall be forthwith discharged from Custody at the Suit of the Creditor or Creditors so failing to pay the same.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace for every County, Riding, City, Cinque Port, antient Town or Members, Division, Liberty or Place, assembled at the General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions of the Peace, or at any Adjournment thereof, and from time to time afterwards as Occasion may require, shall and may in open Court appoint as many fit Persons as they shall judge sufficient, to be Examiners for the purposes of this Act, within their respective Jurisdiction.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Court established by virtue of this Act, shall and may in all cases, as they shall think fit, order and direct that any Prisoner, instead of being brought before such Court for final Examination, shall be examined by the Justices of the Peace in open Court, at their General or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or at some Adjournment thereof, for any County, Riding, City, Cinque Port, antient Town or Member, Division, Liberty or Place, who are hereby respectively empowered and required to take such Examination pursuant to such Order; and the said Court shall forthwith cause Twenty one Days* Notice to be given in the London Gazette, and in such one or more Newspapers as the said Court shall direct, of the Day on which, and the Place where, the said Prisoner shall be brought before the said Justices for his Examination; and such Prisoner shall, according to such Order, be carried before such Justices, for which such Order shall be a sufficient Warrant; and in case any One Creditor shall give Two Days* Notice to such Prisoner of his or her Intention to oppose such Prisoner's Discharge, then it shall and may be lawful for such Creditor, or for any other Creditor, to oppose such Prisoner's Discharge, and to put to such Prisoner all such Questions as to such Justices shall appear relevant and proper, and such Prisoner shall answer upon Oath all such Questions; and if it shall appear to such Justices to be expedient and proper that the Accounts of such Prisoner, and the Matters of the Schedule of such Prisoner, should be further investigated and examined, then it shall be lawful for such Justices to adjourn the Hearing of the Petition of such Prisoner to some subsequent General or Quarter or Adjourned Sessions, and at the Request of any one or more Creditors, to order and direct that some one of the Examiners appointed by the said Justices by virtue of this Act, shall examine into the Matters of the said Schedule, and certify his Opinion thereon to the said Justices at such General or Quarter or Adjourned Sessions to which the Hearing of such Petition shall have been adjourned, and of which Adjournment all Parties interested shall take Notice; and that such Examiner shall and may receive for his Trouble the Sum of One Pound and no more for every Meeting under such Order, to be paid for by the Person or Persons requiring the same; and in case it shall appear to the said Justices upon such Examination, or by Evidence, that such Prisoner is entitled to the Benefit of this Act, then the said Justices shall so declare and adjudge, and shall certify the same

1° GEO. IV. C. 119. 589

to the Court to be established by virtue of this Act; and in case it shall appear to the said Justices by such Examination, or by Evidence, that such Prisoner shall have contracted any Debts, against which he shall seek to be discharged, fraudulently, or without any reasonable or probable Expectation, at the time of contracting the same, of being able to pay the same, or shall, with Intent to conceal the State of his Affairs, or to defeat the Objects of this Act, have destroyed or otherwise wilfully prevented the Production of any Books, Papers or Writings, relating to such of his Affairs as are subject to Investigation under this Act, or shall have kept, or cause to be kept, false Books, or made false Entries, or have wilfully and fraudulently altered or falsified any such Books, Papers or Writings, or shall in any respect have been guilty of Fraud, in contracting, discharging or concealing any Debt due from the said Prisoner to any of nis or her Creditors, or shall have fraudulently made away with, charged, mortgaged or concealed any Part of his or her Property, of what Kind soever, either before or after the Commencement of his or her said Imprisonment, for the purpose of diminishing the Sum to be divided among his or her Creditors, or of giving an undue Preference to any of the said Creditors, or that such Prisoner shall have put any of such .Creditors as shall have proved their Debts to unnecessary Expense, by any vexatious or frivolous Defence, or improper Delay in any Suit for recovering the same, or that such Prisoner shall have wilfully or fraudulently omitted any Effects or Property whatsoever, to the value of not less than Twenty Pounds in the whole, in the Schedule which the said Prisoner shall first have delivered in to the said Court, then such Justices shall so declare and adjudge, and shall also declare and adjudge in like Manner, and subject to the same Limitations as are hereinbefore mentioned and imposed in such Cases upon the Court to be .established by virtue of this Act, for what Period of Time such Prisoner shall remain in actual Custody before such Prisoner shall be discharged from Custody by virtue of this Act; and such Justices shall forthwith certify the same to the Court to be established by virtue of this Act; and thereupon such Court shall accordingly order and direct, that the said Prisoner shall be discharged from Custody when and so soon as he shall have been in such actual Custody for the full Period of Time expressed in such Certificate as aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Prisoner, after his Commitment to such actual Custody as aforesaid, shall be removed by any Writ of Habeas Corpus or otherwise, from the Place of such actual Custody, or shall be rendered in discharge of his Bail, it shall and may be lawful for the said Court to receive the Affidavits of any Creditor or Creditors, or of any other Person or Persons, in Opposition to the Discharge of such Prisoner under this Act; and also, if such Court shall think fit, to permit Interrogatories to be filed for the Examination or Cross-examination of every Person making or joining in such Affidavit, and also to stay the Discharge of every such Prisoner until such Interrogatories shall be fully answered, to the Satisfaction of such Court: Provided always, that this shall not extend to any Prisoner who shrill have been in such actual

Custody,

Justices to certify to the Court if Prisoner is entitled to Discharge; but if Prisoner shall have acted fraudulently, Sec. Justices shall adjudge accordingly.

Justices to certify.

After Prisoner's Committal, Affidavits of Creditors may be received in Opposition to Discharge.

Proviso as to Surrey, Middlesex and London.

1° GEO. IV.

Order of Court for Discharge of Prisoner to be final, unless obtained upon false Evidence, dec.

Prisoner may be remanded, and afterwards brought up for Examination.

Perjury.

When Order for Discharge of Prisoner is made, Court may order that Judgment shall be entered up against the Prisoner in one of the Superior Courts, &c.

Court may permit Execution to be taken out on such Judgment where there are Assets, and Prisoner of Ability to pay.

C. 119.

A.D. 1820.

Custody, or arrested, within the Counties of Middlesex or Surrey, or the City of London.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That such Order of the said Court for the Discharge of such Prisoner shall in all Cases be final and conclusive, and shall not be reviewed by the said Court, unless such Court so making the said Order shall, after such Order made, see good and sufficient Cause to believe that such Adjudication, and the Order founded thereon, shall have been made on false Evidence, or otherwise fraudulently obtained; in which Case it shall and may be lawful for any Creditor of the said Prisoner, to apply to the said Court to direct the said Prisoner to be brought again before them; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Court, upon due Notice to be given by such Creditor, to rehear the said Matter, and make such further Order as to them shall seem fit in Execution of the Powers in this Act contained: Provided always, that in case such Court, or such Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, shall entertain any Doubt, touching any Matter alleged against such Prisoner at the Time of his final Examination before mentioned, to prevent his or her Discharge, or touching the Examination of such Prisoner, it shall be lawful for such Court, or such Justices, to remand such Prisoner to Custody, and afterwards to cause such Prisoner to be again brought up for Examination, as often as to the said Court or the said Justices shall seem fit.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Prisoner who shall apply for his or her Discharge, under the Provisions of this Act, or any other Persons taking an Oath under the Provisions of this Act, shall wilfully forswear and perjure himself or herself in any Oath to be taken under this Act, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, he or she so offending shall suffer such Punishment as by Law may be indicted on Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That when any Order for the Discharge of any Prisoner shall be made, the said Court may also order that a Judgment shall be entered up against such Prisoner in some one of the Superior Courts of Westminster, in the Name of the Assignee or Assignees of such Prisoner, or of such Provisional Assignee as aforesaid, if no other Assignee shall then have been appointed and shall have accepted such Office, for the Amount of the Debts of such Prisoner which shall at the Time of such Order reniain due and unpaid to the said Creditors, and from which such Prisoner shall be discharged by such Order; and the said Prisoner shall execute a Warrant of Attorney to authorise the entering up such Judgment; and such Judgment shall have the Force of a Recognizance; and such Order of the Court to be established by virtue of this Act, shall be a sufficient Authority to the proper Officer for entering up such Judgment; and when it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said Court that such Prisoner is of ability to pay such Debts, or any Part thereof, or that he is dead, leaving Assets for that Purpose, the Court may permit Execution to be taken out upon such Judgment, or put in force any other Power given by this Act against the Property acquired by such Prisoner after his Discharge, for such Sum of Money as under all the Circumstances of such

C. 119.

541

Prisoner the Court shall order; such Sura to be distributed rate-ably amongst the Creditors; and such further Proceeding shall and may be had, according to the Discretion of the said Court, from time to time, until the whole of the Debts due to the several Persons against whom such Discharge shall have been obtained shall be fully paid and satisfied, together with such Costs as such Court shall think fit to award; and no Scire facias shall be necessary to revive such Judgment on account of any Lapse of Time, but Execution shall at all times issue thereon by virtue of the Order of the said Court; Provided always, that in case any such Application against such Prisoner shall appear to the Court to be ill founded and vexatious, it shall be lawful for the Court not only to refuse to make any Order on such Application, but also to dismiss the same with such Costs as to the Court shall appear reasonable.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Prisoner who shall have obtained his or her Discharge by virtue of this Act, shall at any time after such Discharge be imprisoned by reason of the Judgment so as aforesaid entered up against him in the Name of such Assignee or Assignees as aforesaid, or of any Judgment or Decree or Order obtained for Payment of Money only, or for Debt, Damages, Contempt of any Court, Ecclesiastical or Civil, by Nonpayment of Money or Costs contracted, incurred, occasioned, owing, or growing due at the Time of the Commencement of such actual Custody, and expressed in such Discharge, or shall be in Prison for any Costs, taxed or untaxed, to the Payment of which he may be then liable in consequence of or by reason of any Contempt, or in order to the purging the same; but that upon every Arrest or Detainer in Prison upon any such Judgment or Decree or Order, or for or on account of any such Debt, Damage, Contempt, Costs, Sum and Sums of Money, it shall and may be lawful for any Judge of the Court from which any such Process shall have issued, upon shewing to such Judge a Copy of the Order for such Discharge as aforesaid, attested by the proper Officer of the said Court, to release from Custody such Prisoner as aforesaid, and at the same Time, if such Judge shall in his Discretion think fit, to order the Plaintiff in such Suit or Suits, or any Person or Persons suing out such Process, to pay such Prisoner the Costs which he or she shall have incurred on such Occasion, or so much thereof as to such Judge shall seem just and reasonable, such Prisoner causing a common Appearance to be entered for him or her in the Action or Suit for any such Debt as aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action of Escape, or any Suit or Action be brought against any Judge, Justice of the Peace, Sheriff, Gaoler, Keeper of any Prison, or any Person, for performing the Duty of his Office in pursuance of this Act, such Judge, Justice, Sheriff, Gaoler, or Keeper, or other Person, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited, or discontinue his or her Action, or Verdict shall pass against him or her, or Judgment shall be had upon Demurrer, the Defendant shall have Treble Costs.

No Scire facias necessary.

Vexatious Applications.

Prisoner after Judgment is entered up, not to be subject to Imprisonment by reason of the same.

If arrested, may be released *

In case of an Action for Exape,

General Issue. Treble Costa.

C. 119.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Where Prisoner declared entitled to Benefit of Act, no Execution to issue against such Prisoner for Debt contracted prior to his actual Confinement.

Exceptions.

Pleading.

Double Costs.

Proviso for Proceedings which could not be put in force at his Discharge.

When Prisoner shall, after Discharge, become entitled to Property which cannot be taken in Execution, Assignee may apply by Petition to the Court for Relief.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That after the said Court shall have declared any Prisoner to be entitled to the Benefit of this Act as aforesaid, no Writ of Fieri facias shall issue on any Judgment before then obtained against such Prisoner, for any Debt contracted or Cause of Action arising before the Time of the Commencement of such actual Custody as aforesaid, except upon the Judgment entered up by Order of the Court as aforesaid; and that if any Scire facias, or Action of Debt, or any other Suit or Action, shall be brought against any Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, upon any Judgment obtained against any such Prisoner, or any Statute or Recognizance acknowledged by him or her, or any other Cause of Action arising before the Commencement of such actual Custody by. virtue of this Act, except upon the Judgment entered up against such Prisoner under the Order of the Court as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any such Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors or Administrators, to plead generally, that such Prisoner was duly discharged accora-ing to this Act, by the Order by which such Discharge shall have been obtained, and that such Discharge remains in force, without pleading any other Matter specially, whereto the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall or tnay reply generally, and deny the Matters pleaded as aforesaid, or reply any other Matter or Thing which may shew the Defendant or Defendants not to be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, or that such Prisoner was not duly discharged according to the Provisions of this Act, in the same manner as the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs might have replied, in case the Defendant or Defendants had pleaded this Act and his Discharge by virtue of this Act specially; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs be nonsuited, discontinue his or her Action, or Verdict pass against him, her or them, or Judgment shall be had on Demurrer, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs: Provided always, that it shall be lawful to proceed against any Prisoner so discharged upon any Judgment, Recognizance, or other Security obtained or given, and which could not have been put in force against such Prisoner at the Time of his obtaining such Discharge; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any such Prisoner shall, after his Discharge out of Custody as aforesaid, become entitled to or possessed in his or her own Right of any Stock in the Public Funds of this Country, or of any Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, Bank Notes, or other Choses in Action, or other Property which by Law cannot be taken in Execution under the said Judgment so to be entered up in the Names of the said Assignee or Assignees as aforesaid, and such Prisoner shall have refused to convey, assign, or transfer such Stock, Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, Bank Notes or other Choses in Action, or other Property, or so much of them as may be sufficient to satisfy the said Judgment, then and in such cases it shall and may be lawful for the Assignee or Assignees of such Prisoner to apply by Petition in a summary Way, setting forth the Facts of the Case, to the Court, and to pray that the said Prisoner may be taken and remanded to Custody notwithstanding

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 119. 545

any such Discharge; and thereupon, if upon Examination by the said Court, and hearing as well the said Assignee or Assignees as the said Prisoner, in case he shall appear, or the said Assignee or Assignees only, in case such Prisoner, due Notice having been given to him, shall not appear, it shall appear to the said Court In what case that the Contents of such Petition are true, then and in such case Court may or-such Court shall so declare and adjudge, and shall thereupon "*r order the said Prisoner to be apprehended and remanded to Cus- app 60 tody, which shall in such cases always be within the Walls of the Prison from whence such Prisoner shall have been discharged, and not within any Rules or Liberties thereof, until he shall convey, assign, and transfer such Stock, Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, Bank Notes, or other Choses in Action, or other Property, or as much thereof as the Court shall direct, towards the Satisfaction of such Judgment, to such Assignee or Assignees, for the general Benefit of the Creditors of such Prisoner.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case* Wh«n Prfcon-any Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, shall after the char^bwomo Discharge of any such Prisoner out of Custody as aforesaid, be- enUtkd to Stock come possessed of, or have under his or their Power or Control, in the Public any Stock in the Public Funds of this Country, or any Legacy, Funds, &c. Money due or growing due, Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, Court to make Bank Notes, Securities for Money, Goods and Chattels, or any further Order, other Property whatsoever belonging to such Prisoner, or held

in trust for him, or for his Use and Benefit, or to which such Prisoner shall be in any way entitled; or in case any such Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, shall be in any manner indebted to such Prisoner; it shall and may be lawful for the said Court, upon the Application of any Assignee or Creditor of such Prisoner, to cause Notice to be given to such Person or Persons,

Body Politic or Corporate, directing him or them to hold and retain the said Property till the said Court shall make such further Order concerning the same; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Court further to order such Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, to deliver over such Property, and to pay such Debts as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, to the Receiver of the said Court, a? to the Assignee or Assignees of such Prisoner, for the general Benefit of his Creditors entitled to claim under such Judgment entered up by Order of the said Court as aforesaid.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Court to be Court to ap-established by virtue of this Act shall and may admit at their Dis- P°lnt A^tor" cretion any Number of fit Persons to practise in the said Court practue , n , u as Attornies or Agents, on Behalf of such Prisoners in such

actual Custody as aforesaid, which Admissions shall in all Cases be made without the Payment of any Fee or Gratuity whatsoever, No Fee. and shall be filed of Record in the said Court; and that in case any Person not admitted on the Files of the said Court shall practise in the said Court as an Attorney or Agent, on the Behalf of any Prisoner in such actual Custody as aforesaid, he shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Contempt of the said Court.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in cases wherein by False Affirm-this Act an Oath is required, the solemn Affirmation of any Person

ati punished

tel

C. 119.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Wilfully omitting any thing in Schedule as finally amended, (Exception) Imprisonment and hard labour.

All Affidavits used, to be sworn before the Court, &c.

No Proceeding liable to Stamp Duty.

Rate of Payment for Insertion of Advertisements, 3s.

Not liable to Stamp Duty.

Commissioners* Powers under 53 G. 3. c. 102. 54 G. 3. c. 23. 56 G.3. c. 102. extended to this Art.

being a Quaker shall and may be accepted and taken in lien thereof; and every Person making such Affirmation, who shall be convicted of wilful false Affirmation, shall incur and suffer such and the same Penalties as are inflicted and imposed upon Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, in case any Prisoner shall, with intent to defraud his Creditor or Creditors, wilfully and fraudulently omit in his Schedule, as finally amended and filed in the said Court, at the Time of the Order for his Discharge from such actual Custody as aforesaid, any Effects or Property whatsoever, or retain or except out of the Schedule, as Wearing Apparel, Bedding, Working Tools and Implements, and other Necessaries, more in Value than Twenty Pounds, every such Person so offending, and any Person aiding and assisting him to do the same, shall, upon being thereof convicted by due Course of Law, be adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor, and thereupon it shall and may be lawful for the Court before whom such Offender shall have been so tried and convicted, to sentence such Offender to be imprisoned and kept to hard Labour for any Period of Time not exceeding Three Years.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Affidavits to be used before the said Court, or any Commissioner thereof, or any Justices of the Peace, at their General or Adjourned Sessions, or any Examiner appointed under this Act, shall and may be sworn before the said Court, or any Commissioner appointed by the said Court for the Purpose of taking Affidavits, or any Master Extraordinary in Chancery, or Commissioner for taking Affidavits in any of the Superior Courts of Westminster Hall; and that no Conveyance, Assignment, Letter of Attorney, Affidavit or other Proceedings whatsoever before or under any Order of the said Court, or before any Justices of the Peace acting in the Execution of this Act, shall be liable to the Payment of or be chargeable with the Payment of any Stamp or other Duty whatsoever.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Sum of Three Shillings, and no more, shall be paid to any Printer or Proprietor of any Newspaper, for the Insertion of any Advertisement hereinbefore directed to be inserted in any Newspaper, and all Printers and Proprietors of Newspapers are hereby required to insert the same on Payment of the said Sum of Three Shillings for the Insertion thereof, in such Form as the said Court shall from time to time direct; and that no such Advertisement shall be liable to the Payment of or chargeable or charged with any Stamp or other Duty whatsoever.

XXXVI. And Whereas it is expedient, that the Powers given to the Court established by virtue of an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of His late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England, and Two Acts of the Fifty fourth and Fifty sixth Years of His said late Majesty's Reign, to amend the said Act, should be continued and vested in the Court to be established by virtue of this Act, in so far as any of the same relate to the Persons who have already obtained

1° GEO. IV. C. 119. 545

their Discharge by virtue of that Act, and their Estate and Effects Be it further enacted, That the Court to be established by virtue of this Act shall and may exercise all such Powers, and do all such Acts, and make all such Orders respecting Persons who have already obtained their Discharge by virtue of the said recited Act, or their Estate and Effects, or their respective Assignee or Assignees, or the Provisional Assignee appointed by the Court established by virtue of the said recited Act, as might have been exercised, done and made by the Court established by virtue of the said recited Act, in case the said recited Act had been continued by this Act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Records, Papers, Documents and Money, of and belonging to or received under the Authority of the Court established by virtue of the said recited Act, shall immediately after the Time when the Court to be established by virtue of this Act shall, have been fully constituted and established as aforesaid, be delivered over to the Chief Clerk of the said last mentioned Court, by the Officer or Officers, or other Persons having the Custody of the same; and which said Records shall be deemed and taken to be the Records of the Court to be established by virtue of this Act.

XXXVIII. Provided [always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to entitle the Assignee or Assignees of the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner, being an Officer of the Army or Navy, or in the Naval or Military Service of the East India Company, or a beneficed Clergyman or Curate, to the Pay or Pension of such Officer, or to the Income of such Benefice or Curacy, for the Purposes of this Act: Provided always nevertheless, that it shall be lawful for such Assignee or Assignees to apply for and obtain a Sequestration of the Profit of any such Benefice, for the Payment of the Debts of any such Clergyman, and the Order for such Discharge shall be a sufficient Warrant for granting of such Sequestration, without any Writ or other Proceedings to authorise the same, and such Sequestration shall accordingly be issued, as the same might have been issued upon any Writ of Levare facias, founded upon any Judgment against such Clergyman: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for the said Court to order such Portion of the Pay or Half Pay or Pension of any such Officer of the Army or Navy, or Naval or Military Service of the East India Company, as on Communication from the said Court to the Secretary at War, or the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, or the Court of Directors of the united East India Company, he or they may respectively consent to, by Writing under the Hand of the said Secretary at War, or the Lords Commissioners or Secretary of the Admiralty, or the said Secretary of the Court of Directors, to be applied in Payment of his Debts, and for that Purpose to be paid to his Assignee or Assignees; and such Order and Consent being lodged in the Office of the Paymaster of His Majesty's Forces, or of the Treasurer of the Navy, or the said Secretary of the said Court of Directors, as the Case shall require, such Paymaster or Treasurer or Secretary shall give Directions accordingly, and such Portion of the Pay, Half Pay, or Pension of such (Sneer, as shall be spe-

I Geo. IV. N n cined

Former Records to be delivered over to Officers appointed by this Act.

[Proviso.]

Assignees' Power not to extend to the Pay of Officers of the Army, &c. or beneficed Clergymen.

Sequestration of the Profit of Benefice may be applied for.

Portion of Pay of Officers may be obtained by Application.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

Justices of Kesteven and Holland may hold Quarter Sessions for this Act in Lindsey.

Act not to extend to Crown Debtors, unless Treasury give Consent.

Prisoners under Writ of Capias in Cases of Extents, as herein mentioned, may apply to the Barons of Exchequer to be, discharged.

tified in such Order and Consent, shall he paid to bin Aisigsee or Assignees, until the said Court shall make Osder to the contrary.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace acting for the several Parts of Kesteven and Holland in the County of Lincoln, shall and may hold their several General Quarter Sessions or other Sessions of the Peace for such Parte or Divisions respectively, by Adjournment or otherwise, in the Parte or Division of Lindsey, in the said County of Lincoln* for the Purposes of this Act, and shall and may meet and act therein for such Purposes only, and they are hereby empowered to meet and act accordingly.

XL. Provided always, and he it further enacted, That this Act shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to discharge any Prisoner seeking the Benefit of this Act, with respect to any Debt due to His Majesty, or His Successors, oc to any Debt or Penalty with which he or she shall stand charged at the Suit of the Crown, or of any Person for any Offence committed against any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to His Majesty's Revenues of Customs, Excise, Stamp or Salt Duties, or any of them, or any Branches of the Public Revenue, or at the Suit of any Sheriff or other Public Officer upon any Bail Bond entered into for the Appearance of any Person, prosecuted for any Offence committed against any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to His Majesty's said Revenues of Customs, Excise, Stamps or Salt Duties, or any other Branches of Public Revenue, unless Three of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for. the time being shall certify under their Hands their Consent to such Discharge.

XLI. And be it, further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons who may now or shall hereafter be imprisoned under or by virtue of any Writ of Capias, in any immediate Extent or Extents issued and remaining in force at the Instance or for the Benefit, and Reimbursement of any Surety or Sureties, or other Person or Persons, or the Inhabitants of any Parish, Ward or Place, who shall or may have advanced and paid the Debt to the Crown, and by reason, whereof the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury may not be authorised to give their Consent last aforesaid, to apply to, the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in England, or Scotland, for his, her or their Discharge, giving One Month's, previous Notice in Writing to the Surety or Sureties, or Person or Persons aforesaid, or to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Parish, Ward or Place, at whose Instance or for whose Benefit respectively such Extent or Extents shall remain in force, of the Intention: of such Person or persons, sp imprisoned to make such Application, and an Enumeration and Description of all and every the Property, Debts, and Effects whatsoever, of such, Person or; Persons, m hjs, her or their own Possession or Power, or, in the: Possession or Power of any other. Person or Persons for his, her or their Use; and for the said Court to .whom such Application shall be made, to order such Person or Persons to be brought* before them* or before any Baron of the said Court, to be. examined

1° GEO. IV. C. 119. 517

upon Oath touching and concerning his, her or their Property and Effects; and if such Person or Persons respectively shall upon such Examination make a full Disclosure of all his, her or their Property and Effects, and it shall otherwise appear to the Satisfaction of the said Court reasonable and proper that such Person or Persons should be no longer imprisoned under such Writ, for such Court or Baron to order a Writ of Supersedeas quoad Corpus to be issued out of the said Court for the Liberation of such Person or Perseus from such Imprisonment: Provided always, that no such Liberation as aforesaid shall be held or deemed to satisfy or supersede such Extent or any Proceedings thereon, except as to such Imprisonment as aforesaid, or the Debt or Debts seized under and by virtue thereof, and for which such Person or Persons shall be so imprisoned.

XLII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Prisoner against whom any Commission of Bankrupt shall Have issued and shall remain in force, and who shall not have obtained a Certificate of his or her Conformity to the several Statutes concerning Bankrupts under such Commission, shall be entitled to be discharged by virtue of this Act from any Debt for which such Prisoner shall be detained m Custody, and which might have been proved under such Commission, unless such Prisoner shall have been so detained in Prison for the Space of Three Years before the Time when such Prisoner shall apply for his or her Discharge tinder this Act.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall have been at any time discharged by virtue of this Act, or of any other Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, shall again be entitled to the Benefit thereof within the Space of Five Years after Such Discharge, unless Three-fourths in Number and Value of the Creditors against whom such Person shall seek to be discharged by virtue of this Act, shall signify his, her or their Assent to such Discharge, or it shall be made appear, to the Satisfaction of the Court to be established by virtue of this Act, that such Person* has, since his of hbr former Discharge, endeavoured by Industry and Frugality to pay all just Demands upon him or her, and has incurfed Ho unnecessary Expense, and that the Debts which such Person has incurred ', subsequent to such former Discharge, have been necessarily incurred for the Maintenance of such Person; or his or her Family, or that the Insolvency of such Person has arises from Misfortune, or from Inability to acquits Subsistence for himself or herself, and his or her Family.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall at any time Be a Prisoner in any such Prison as aforesaid, upon any such Process as aforesaid* shall be or become of unsound Mind, and* therefore incapable of taking die Benefit of this Act in such manner as he or she might have done if of sound Mind, the Gaoler or Keeper of such Prison shall forthwith require One of more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division or Place wherein such Prison shall be, to attend at the said Prisotr and enquire into the State of Mind of such Prisoner; and thereupon, and also in case any such Justice

To make a full Disclosure of Effects.

[Proviso.]

Uncertificated Bankrupts not entitled to Discharge under this Act, unless, in Custody for Three Years.

In what case only Person having taken the Benefit of an Insolvent Act entitled to further Belief within Five Years.

Mode of Proceeding with Prisoners of unsound Mind.

C. 119.

1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

or Justices shall receive Information by other Means, that any such Prisoner is of unsound Mind as aforesaid, such Justice or Justices shall go to the said Prison, and by his, her or their own View, and by Examination on Oath of such Person or Persons as he or they shall think fit to examine, shall enquire into the State of Mind of such Prisoner; and if it shall appear to such Justice or Justices upon such Enquiry, that such Prisoner is of unsound Mind, and therefore incapable of taking the Benefit of this Act, in such a manner as a Person of sound Mind might do, such Justice or Justices shall forthwith make a Record of the Fact, and certify the same to the Court to be established by virtue of this Act; and thereupon it shall be lawful for such Court, at the Instance of any Person or Persons on behalf of such Prisoner, to order Notice to be inserted in the London Gazette, and in Two or more public Newspapers usually circulated in the Neighbourhood of such Prison, and in the Neighbourhood of the usual Residence of such Prisoner before he or she was committed to such Prison, as the said Court shall see fit, and shall in such Order specify and direct, that Application will be made to such Court for the Discharge of such Prisoner, on a Day to be specified in such Order, being Twenty Days at least from the Day of Publication of such One of such Gazette and News-papers containing such Notice as shall be last published; which Notice, together with Service of the like Notice on the Creditor or Creditors at whose Suit such Prisoner shall be detained in Custody, or his, her or their Attorney or Attornies in such Suit, shall be deemed sufficient to authorise the said Court to proceed to the Discharge of such Prisoner, if otherwise entitled to such Discharge, according to the true Intent and Meaning of such Act; and such Court shall proceed accordingly, and shall discharge such Prisoner, and do all other Acts under, this Act, in case it shall appear that such Prisoner might have obtained his or her Discharge under this Act if of sound Mind.

Officer of the

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the proper Officer of Court to pro- the Court to be established by virtue of this Act, shall, on the and C^oce«dleS reasonable Request of such Prisoner, or of any Creditor or Cre-inga of Court, ditors of such Prisoner, or his, her or their Attorney, produce when required, and shew to such Prisoner, Creditor or Creditors, or his, her or their Attorney, at such Times as the said Court shall direct, such Petition, Schedule, Order and Judgment, and all other Orders and Proceedings made and had in such Matter; and that a Copy thereof true Copy of every such Petition, Schedule, Order, Judgment, n ence" and other Proceedings, signed by the Officer in whose Custody the same shall be, or his Deputy, certifying the same to be a true Copy of such Petition, Schedule, Order, Judgment, or other Proceeding, as the Case may be, without being written on stamped Paper, shall at all Times be admitted, in all Courts whatever, as legal Evidence of the same respectively.

XLVI. And whereas the Estates both Real and Personal of 1 any Prisoner who may be discharged by virtue of this Act, may not be sufficiently described or discovered in the Schedule before directed to be delivered upon Oath by such Prisoner, or the Assistance of such Prisoner may be necessary to adjust,

54- 8 r

Certificate of Justice.

Notice in the London Gazette, &c.

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 119.

make out, recover, or manage his Estate or Effects, for the Benefit of his or her Creditors Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Assignee and Assignees of the Estate and Effects of any such Prisoner, who shall obtain his or her Discharge in pursuance of this Act, from time to time to apply to the Court to be established by virtue of this Act, that such Prisoner may be further examined as to any Matters or Things relating to his or her Estate and Effects, either by such Court, or by any Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, or Place where such Prisoner shall then reside; and if such Court shall direct any such Examination before any such Justice, such Justice shall send for or call before him such Prisoner, by such Warrant, Summons, Ways, or Means as he shall think fit; and if such Prisoner shall appear before such Justice, such Justice shall examine him or her, upon Oath or otherwise, as to such Matters and Things as such Assignee or Assignees shall desire, relating to the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner; and if any such Prisoner, on Payment or Tender of Payment of such reasonable Charges as such Justice shall judge sufficient, shall neglect or refuse to appear before such Justice, not having a lawful Excuse allowed by such Justice, or being come before such Justice shall refuse to be sworn, or to answer such Questions as by such Justice shall be put to him or her, relating to the Discovery of his or her Estate and Effects, vested or intended to be vested in such Assignee or Assignees as aforesaid, as required by the Order of the said Court, such Justice shall certify such Default to the said Court; and thereupon, and also in case such Prisoner shall neglect or refuse to appear before such Court, to be examined by such Court, if the Court shall think fit so to order, or appearing before such Court shall refuse to be sworn, or to answer such Questions as shall be put to him or her, relating to the Discovery of his or her said Estate or Effects, then and in any of such cases it shall be lawful for such Court by Warrant to commit such Prisoner so offending to the Common Gaol of any County or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until such Time as he or she shall submit himself or herself to such Court, and answer upon Oath or otherwise, as shall be required, to all such lawful Questions as shall by such Court fie put, or ordered to be put to him or her, for the Purposes aforesaid.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Court to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall immediately after the End of Six Months next after the Appointment of an Assignee or Assignees under this Act, at the Request of any one or more Creditors, summon such Assignee or Assignees before him, and examine him, her, or them, upon Oath or otherwise, touching his, heiy or their Receipts and Payments, and shall thereupon order the Money in the Hands of such Assignee or Assignees to be paid into the said Court, and that such Dividend be made of the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner as it may think proper; and in case any Dividend or Dividends shall remain in the Hands of such Assignee or Assignees for the Space of Twelve Months ne*t following the declaring thereof, it shall and may be lawful

51V J *

Prisoner* tray, after their discharge, be examined as to their Estate and Effects, on Application of Assignees.

Such Persons refusing to appear or to answer Questions, &c.

Certificate of Default.

Committed to County Gaol.

Assignees to be examined within Six Months after Appointment.

Dividends remaining in their Hands for 12 Months to

C. 119. 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1820.

be immediately paid into Court.

Distress.

Imprisonment.

to and for such Court, and it is hereby authorised, to order and direct that such unclaimed Dividend or Dividends shall be immediately paid into Court; and in default of Payment of such Dividend or Dividends by the Time by the said Court to be for that purpose limited, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court to make such summary Remedy for the purpose, by a Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Assignee or Assignees, as to them shall seem proper; and if no sufficient Distress can be found, then and in such Case the said Court shall be at liberty to commit the Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, without Bail or Mainprize, there to remain until the said Court shall make other Order to the contrary.

[Costs how to be recovered.]

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which the said Court is by this Act authorised to award Costs against any Person or Persons, it shall and may be lawful for the said Court to cause such Costs to be recovered from such Person or Persons in the same manner as Costs awarded by a Rule of any of the Superior Courts at Westminster may be recovered.

[Places where Petitions and Proceedings relating to Persons in Custody mi) be heard.]

XLIX. And Whereas it may be convenient that the Hearing of the Petition, and other Proceedings relating thereto, of all Persons confined for Debt, Damages, Costs, Sum or Sums of Money, or Contempt for Nonpayment of Money, in the Custody of the Sheriffs of the City of London and Sheriff of the County of Middlesex, and of the Warden of the Fleet Prison, should be heard and determined in some convenient Place the nearest to the Prisons of such Sheriffs* Be it therefore enacted, That all Petitions and other Proceedings relating thereto, of all Persons confined as aforesaid, and in the Custody of the Sheriffs of London and Sheriff of Middlesex, and of the Warden of the Fleet Prison, may, if the said Court shall think fit, be heard and determined at the Guildhall in and for the said City of London, or at the Sessions House in the Old Bailey, or at such other Place in the City of London as the said Commissioner for the time being shall appoint for that Purpose.

[Persons discharged from Contempts of Court for Nonpayment of Costs to be relieved from other Costs, &c.]

L. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons who have been discharged under any Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors from Contempts of any Court for Nonpayment of Money or Costs, shall be deemed and taken to have been discharged, not only from Costs ordered to be paid, but also from all Costs which such Persons would be liable to pay in consequence or by reason of such Contempts, or on paying the same; and also that all Persons from whose Demands for Costs any Persons shall be discharged by virtue of this or any former Act or Acts, shall be deemed and taken to be Creditors of such last mentioned Persons, and entitled to the Benefit of all the Provisions made for Creditors by such Act or Acts.

[Proviso for Proceedings in Bankruptcy.]

LI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to defeat the Proceedings in any Commission of Bankrupt which may be issued against any Prisoner who may claim the Benefit of this Act, before such Prisoner shall have obtained an Order for his Discharge under this Act, but that every such Commission shall have relation to avoid

---

A.D. 1820. 1° GEO. IV. C. 119. 551

any Assignment of the Estate and Effects of the said Prisoner under this Act, as such Commission would have had to avoid any Assignment by such Prisoner if this Act had not been made.

[Continuance of Act.]

LII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the First of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, and thenceforth until the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

[Act may be altered, &c. this Session.]

LIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Part thereof, may be repealed or altered by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

[Non-public acts in other file.]

