THE

STATUTES

OF

THE UNITED KINGDOM

OF

GREAT BRITAIN and IRELAND.

WITH NOTES AND REFERENCES

By JOHN RAITHBY, of Lincoln’s Inn, Esg.

BARRISTER AT LAW.

VOL. III.

Containing the Acts 45 Geo. III. (1805.) and 46 Geo. III. (1806.)

LONDON:

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's Most Excellent Majesty;

And by Andrew Strahan, Law Printer to the King's Most Excellent Majesty.

M.DCCC.XXIII,

A

TABLE

Containing the TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

Passed in the THIRD Session of the SECOND Parliament

OF

The United Kingdom of Great Britain and

45 GEORGE III.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

1. An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and five.

2. An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a duty on pensions, offices, and personal estates, in England; and certain duties on sugar, malt, tobacco, and snuff, in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and five.

3. An act to remedy certain omissions in an act, passed in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act for the relief of certain insolvent debtors.

4. An act to continue, until six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, an act, made in the last session of parliament, for continuing an act to empower the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such persons as he or they shall suspect for conspiring against his Majesty's person and government.

5. An act for explaining and amending an act made in the forty-third year of his present Majesty, for consolidating certain of the provisions contained in any act or acts relating to the duties under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, and for amending the same, so far as relates to the power of acting as commissioners in certain districts.

6. An act to indemnify such persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and for extending the times limited for those purposes respectively, until this twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and five, and to permit such persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the first day of term, one thousand eight hundred and five.

7. An act for raising the sum of three millions by loans or exchequer-bills, for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and five.

8. An act for amending an act, passed in the last session of parliament, for granting additional annuities to the proprietors of stock created by two acts, passed in the thirty-seventh and forty-second years of his present Majesty.

9. An act for allowing vessels employed in the Greenland whale fishery, to complete their full number of men at certain ports for the present season.

10. An act for making further provision for the effectual performance of quarantine.

11. An act for granting certain additional rates and duties in Great Britain, on the conveyance of letters.

12. An act for raising the sum of twenty-two millions five hundred thousand pounds by way of annuities.

13. An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties in Great Britain on horses used in riding, or for drawing certain carriages; and for consolidating the said additional duties with the present duties thereon.

14. An act for granting additional duties on salt in Great Britain.

15. An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties in Great Britain, on the amount of assessments to be charged on the profits arising from property, posessions, trades, and offices.

16. An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

17. An act for the regulation of his Majesty's royal marine forces while on shore.

18. An act for granting to his Majesty, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, certain rates and duties, and to allow certain drawbacks and bounties upon goods, wares, and merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former rates and duties, drawbacks, and bounties.

19. An act for granting to his Majesty, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, certain inland duties of excise and taxes in Ireland, in lieu of former duties of excise and taxes.

20. An act for granting to his Majesty certain stamp-duties in Ireland.

21. An act for repealing certain duties upon letters and packets sent by the post within Ireland, and granting other duties in lieu thereof.

22. An act for granting to his Majesty a duty upon malt made in Ireland, and upon spirits made or distilled in Ireland, for the year one thousand eight hundred and five.

23. An act to continue, Until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, and to amend several acts for regulating the drawbacks and bounties on the exportation of sugar from Ireland.

24. An act for further continuing, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, an act, passed in the forty-third year of his present Majesty, for discontinuing certain drawbacks and bounties on the exportation of sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other drawbacks and bounties in lieu thereof.

25. An act to continue an act for suspending the operation of an act of the seventeenth year of his present Majesty, for restraining the negociation of promissory notes and bills of exchange under a limited sum in England, until six months after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace.

26. An act for continuing several laws relating to the permitting the warehousing of spirits in Ireland for exportation, for charging a duty on the same when taken out for home consumption, and for regulating the exportation to Great Britain of spirits not warehoused, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and five; to the prohibiting the exportation from, and permitting the importation to Great Britain of corn, and for allowing the importation of other articles of provision, without payment of duty, and to the prohibiting the exportation from Ireland of corn, or potatoes, or other provisions, and to the permitting the importation into Ireland of corn, fish, and provisions, without payment of duty, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six.

27. An act to enable the lords-commissioners of his Majesty's treasury of Great Britain, to issue exchequer-bills, on the credit of such aids or supplies as have been or shall be granted by parliament for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and five.

28. An act for granting to his Majesty additional stamp duties in Great Britain on certain legacies.

29. An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties within Great Britain on certain goods, wares, and merchandise imported into or brought or carried coastwise.

30. An act for granting to his Majesty several additional duties of excise in Great Britain.

31. An act for allowing a certain proportion of the militia in Great Britain voluntarily to enlist into his Majesty's regular forces and royal marines.

32. An act for granting to foreign ships put under his Majesty's protection the privileges of prize ships under certain regulations and restrictions; and for allowing aliens, in foreign colonies surrendered to his Majesty, to exercise the occupations of merchants or factors during the present war, and until six months after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace.

33. An act to make valid certain licences granted by virtue of an order in council for allowing the importation and exportation of certain goods, and merchandize from and to Spain in neutral vessels; and for indemnifying all persons concerned in advising such order, or granting or acting under such licences.

34. An act to permit the importation of goods and commodities from countries in America belonging to any foreign European sovereign or date in neutral ships, during the present war, and until six months after the Ratification of a definitive treaty of peace.

35. An act to continue, until the first day of one thousand eight hundred and six, and amend an act, passed in the thirty-seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, for carrying into execution the treaty of amity, commerce, and navigation between his Majesty and the United States of America.

36. An act to enable the East India Company to appoint the commander in chief on the Bengal establishment to be a member of the council of Fort William in Bengal, notwithstanding the office of governor-general of Fort William, and the office of commander in chief of all the forces in India, being vested in the same person.

37. An act for increasing the rates of subsistence to be paid to innkeepers and others on quartering soldiers.

38. An act for allowing a certain proportion of the militia in Ireland voluntarily to enlist into his Majesty's forces and royal marines.

39. An act to continue, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and five, and amend an act, made in the parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of his present Majesty, for better regulating the issuing and granting of permits and certificates for the conveyance and protection of certain exciseable goods therein mentioned; and to prevent frauds by dealers in or retailers of such goods; so far as the same respects permits for spirits or spirituous liquors.

40. An act for raising the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds by way of annuities for the service of Ireland.

41. An act for restraining the negotiation of certain promissory notes and inland bills of exchange in Ireland.

42. An act to extend the provisions of an act made in the last session of parliament for preventing the counterfeiting of certain silver coin issued by the banks of England and Ireland respectively, to silver pieces, which may be issued by the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, called Tokens, and to promote the circulation of the said Tokens.

43. An act to amend the laws for improving and keeping in repair the post-roads in Ireland, and for rendering the conveyance of letters by his Majesty's post-office more secure and expeditious.

44. An act for repealing so much of an act made in the thirty-fourth year of his present Majesty, as exempts slate, the value whereof shall not exceed twenty shillings per ton, brought coastwise within Great Britain, from the duty thereby granted.

45. An act for making perpetual certain additional duties of excise on wine imported into Great Britain, granted by two acts passed in the forty-third and forty-fourth years of his present Majesty, and to allow a drawback of the said duties to admirals, captains, and other commissioned officers for wine contained on board his Majesty's ships of war.

46. An act to continue until the end of the next session of parliament, and amend an act made in the forty-third year of his present Majesty, for appointing commissioners to inquire and examine into any irregularities, frauds, or abuses which are or have been practised by persons employed in the several naval departments therein mentioned.

47. An act to appoint commissioners to inquire and examine into the publick expenditure, and the conduct of publick business, in the military departments therein mentioned; and to report such observations as shall occur to them for correcting or preventing any abuses and irregularities, and for the better concluding and managing the business of the said departments; to continue in force for two years, and from thence until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the then next session of parliament.

48. An act for appointing commissioners for putting into execution an act of this session of parliament, for continuing and granting to his Majesty a duty on pensions, offices, and personal estates, in England, and certain duties on sugar, malt, tobacco, and snuff, in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and five; and an act made in the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

49. An act to repeal certain parts of an act, made in the forty-third year of his present Majesty, for granting contributions on the profits arising from property, professions, trades, and offices; and to consolidate and render more effectual, the provisions for collecting the said duties.

50. An act for regulating licences for the sale of spirituous liquors, wine, beer, ale, and cyder, by retail, and for discouraging the immoderate use of spirituous liquors in Ireland.

51. An act for granting to his Majesty certain additional stamp-duties, for amending the laws relating to the stamp-duties, and for indemnifying persons who have acted as notaries-publick without being duly licensed in Ireland.

52. An act for the better regulation of licences to persons in Ireland dealing in exciseable commodities, and engaged in the several occupations therein-mentioned.

53. An act for the collection of the malt-duties in Ireland, and regulating the trade of a maltster.

54. An act to amend an act, made in the ninth year of King George the First, for amending the laws relating to the settlement, employment, and relief of the poor, so far as the same respects contracts to be entered into for the maintenance and employment of the poor.

55. An act to amend an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty, for better examining and auditing the publick accounts of this kingdom, and for enabling the commissioners, in certain cases, to allow of vouchers although not stamped according to law.

56. An act for further continuing, until the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and nine, an act, made in the twenty-seventh year of his present Majesty, for enabling the commissioners of the Treasury to let to farm the duties on horses let to hire for travelling post, and by time.

57. An act to consolidate and extend the several laws now in force, for allowing the importation and exportation of certain goods and merchandize into and from certain ports in the West Indies.

58. An act to repeal an act, made in the twenty-third year of his present Majesty, for the better regulation of the office of paymaster-general of his Majesty's forces, and the more regular payment of the army; and for the more effectually regulating the said office.

59. An act for amending an act, passed in the parliament of Ireland in the thirty-fifth year of his present Majesty, for regulating the election of members to serve in parliament, so far as relates to freeholds under the yearly value or twenty pounds; and for making further and other regulations relating thereto.

60. An act for making allowances in certain cases to subaltern officers of the militia in Great Britain, while disembodied.

61. An act to revive and further continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, and amend so much of an act, made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of his present Majesty as grants certain allowances to adjutants and serjeant-majors of the militia of disembodied under an act of the same session of parliament.

62. An act for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in Great Britain for the year one thousand eight hundred and five.

63. An act for defraying, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia of Ireland, for holding courts-martial on serjeant-majors, serjeants, corporals, and drummers, for offences committed during the time such militia shall not be embodied; and for making allowances in certain cases to subaltern officers of the said militia during peace.

64. An act to amend an act made in the forty-first year of his present Majesty for granting bounties for taking and bringing fish to the cities of London and Westminster, and other places in the United Kingdom.

65. An act to continue until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and six, and from thence until the end of the then next session of parliament, an act made in the last session of parliament for appointing commissioners to inquire into the fees, gratuities, perquisites, and emoluments, which are or have been lately received in the several publick offices in Ireland, therein-mentioned; to examine into any abuses which may exist in the same; and into the present mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for publick money in Ireland.

66. An act to prevent in Great Britain the illegally carrying away bark; and for amending two acts, passed in the sixth and ninth years of his present Majesty's reign for the preservation of timber trees, underwoods, roots, shrubs, plants, hollies, thorns, and quicksets.

67. An act for granting to his Majesty an additional duty on Spanish red wine imported into Great Britain.

68. An act for making perpetual and amending several laws for encouraging the making of sail cloth in Great Britain, and securing the duties on foreign sail cloth imported; and for making perpetual several laws for permitting the exportation of a certain quantity of corn and grain to Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney; and for regulating the fees of officers of the customs, and of naval officers in the British colonies in America, and of the officers of the customs in Newfoundland.

69. An act for vesting in the barrack-master-general for the time being, estates, held or occupied for the barrack-service; and authorising him to sell the same, with the consent of the lords-commissioners of his Majesty's treasury.

70. An act to rectify a mistake in the name of one of the commissioners appointed by an act, passed in the present session of parliament, for appointing commissioners to inquire into the publick expenditure, and the conduct of publick business, in the military departments therein-mentioned.

71. An act to amend the several laws relating to the duties under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes.

72. An act for the encouragement of seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning his Majesty's navy during the present war.

73. An act to enable the commissioners of the treasury to contract with certain proprietors of stock created by two acts, passed in the thirty-seventh and forty-second years of his present Majesty, for granting other annuities in lieu thereof, or to pay the same off at the period herein-mentioned.

74. An act for granting to his Majesty a sum of money to be raised by lotteries.

75. An act to remove doubts touching appointments to certain offices in the court of chancery made during the vacancy of the office of register and keeper of the register and registers in that court.

76. An act to amend an act made in the parliament of Ireland, for the support of the honour and dignity of his Majesty's crown in Ireland; and for granting to his Majesty a civil list establishment under certain provisions and regulations.

77. An act to amend and render more effectual an act passed in the forty-second year of his present Majesty's reign, for consolidating the provisions of the several acts passed for the redemption and sale of the land-tax into one act.

78. An act to indemnify all persons concerned in advancing forty thousand pounds to Messieurs Boyd, Benfield, and company, in one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, out of the monies issued for naval services.

79. An act to amend several acts, passed in the parliament of Ireland, for appointing commissioners to inquire into the losses of such of his Majesty's loyal subjects as have suffered in their property during the rebellion in Ireland, and for other purposes in the said acts mentioned.

80. An act for continuing several laws relating to the regulating the prices at which corn and grain may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and, from Ireland to Great Britain, and to the admission to entry of oil and blubber of Newfoundland, taken by his Majesty's subjects carrying on the fishery from and residing in the said island, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six; and for reviving, amending, and continuing, for the same term, an act of the last session of parliament for permitting the importation of hides, and other articles in foreign ships.

81. An act to amend an act made in the thirty-first year of his present Majesty, for the better regulation and government of seamen employed in the coasting trade.

82. An act for repealing the duty chargeable on woollen goods of the manufacture of Great Britain exported to the East Indies

83. An act to continue the operation of an act, passed in the last session of parliament to suspend proceedings in actions, prosecutions, and proceedings, under certain acts relating to the woollen manufacture, and also under an act of the reign of Queen Elizabeth so far as the same relates to certain persons employed or concerned in the said manufacture.

84. An act for making more effectual the gracious intentions of her late majesty Queen Anne, for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor clergy, so far as relates to the returns of certificates into the exchequer and gifts of personal property.

85. An a ct for authorizing the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in Great Britain to advance a certain sum of money, to be applied in completing the Crinan canal.

86. An act to explain and amend an act, made in the last session of parliament, to regulate the importation and exportation of corn, and the bounties and duties payable thereon.

87. An act to authorise the lords-commissioners of his Majesty's treasury to permit certain articles to be warehoused in different parts in Great Britain, upon giving security for the payment of duties upon the articles therein-mentioned.

88. An act for repealing the duties of customs on cochineal dust and granilla imported into Great Britain; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

89. An act to alter and extend the provisions of the laws now in force for the punishment of the forgery of bank notes, bills of exchange, and other securities, to every part of Great Britain.

90. An act to empower his Majesty to retain upon full pay and allowances officers of the militia during the war, notwithstanding the reduction.

91. An act for appointing additional commissioners for the better examining and auditing certain of the publick accounts of Great Britain.

92. An act to amend two acts of the thirteenth and forty-fourth years of his present Majesty, for the more effectual execution of the criminal laws, and more easy apprehending and bringing to trial offenders escaping from one part of the United Kingdom to the other, and from one county to another.

93. An act to amend two acts, passed in the forty-third and forty-fifth years of his present Majesty, for regulating the drawbacks and bounties on the exportation of sugar from Great Britain.

94. An act for reducing the duty of excise on hops the growth of Great Britain.

95. An act to amend so much of an act of the forty-third year of his present Majesty, for consolidating certain of the provisions of the acts relating to the duties in Scotland under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, as relates to the appointment of assessors and sub-collectors, and the notices required to be delivered to persons assessed to the said duties.

96. An act for continuing the premiums allowed to ships employed in the Southern Whale Fishery.

97. An act to indemnify all persons who have been concerned in issuing an order of council and directions for extending the time of certain ships continuing to perform quarantine.

98. An act for increasing the drawback on linens exported from Great Britain to the West Indies.

99. An act for regulating and encouraging the trade, for the improvement of the revenue, and prevention of Smuggling to and from the Isle of Man.

100. An act for fetter regulating the distilling of spirits in England for exportation to Scotland, and in Scotland for exportation to England; for the better securing the duties payable thereon; and for altering the time of making entry, and granting licences to distil spirits for Scotland.

101. An act to repeal so much of an act, passed in the ninth year of the reign of his late majesty, King George the Second, intituled, An act to restrain the disposition of lands, whereby the same become unalienable as restrains colleges within the two universities of Oxford and Cambridge from purchasing or holding advowsons, except as therein is provided.

102. An act to revive and continue an act made in the thirty-first year of his present Majesty, intituled, An for ths encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a further bounty upon pilchards taken, cured, and exported.

103. An act for charging additional duties of customs on straw platting, and on straw hats or bonnets, imported into Great Britain.

104. An act to continue, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and six, and amend several acts for regulating and securing the collection of the duties on spirituous liquors distilled in Ireland, and the warehousing of such spirits for exportation.

105. An act to continue, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and six, and amend several acts for regulating the collection of the duties in Ireland, on fire hearths, on dwelling-houses, on coaches and other carriages, on male servants, on horses, and on dogs.

106. An act to continue, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and six, and amend several acts for regulating and securing the collection of the duties on paper made in Ireland, and on paper printed or stained in Ireland, to serve for hangings or other uses.

107. An act for charging, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, an additional duty on Spanish red wine imported into Ireland.

108. An act to continue, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and six, several acts for the better collection and security of the revenues of customs and excise in Ireland, and for preventing frauds therein.

109. An act to amend so much of an act, for granting to his Majesty several sums of money for defraying the charge of certain permanent services in Ireland, as relates to the military survey of Ireland.

110. An act for exempting from the duties on profits arising from property, the first half-yearly dividends or annuities, under an act of the present session, for raising the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds by way of annuities, for the service of Ireland, which shall not have been written into the books of the bank of England.

111. An act to amend and render more effectual an act made in the parliament of Ireland in the fifth year of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for erecting and establishing publick infirmaries or hospitals in this kingdom.

112. An Act to appoint commissioners to inquire and examine into any irregularities or abuses which may have taken place in conducting and managing the paving, cleaning, and lighting the streets of Dublin; and to provide for the suspension of the powers and authorities of the corporation of directors and commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the said streets, and for vesting the same in other persons during such suspension; and for the better conducing and managing the business of the said corporation.

113. An act for granting a certain sum of money towards improving the harbour on the north side, of the hill of Howth near Dublin, and rendering it a fit situation for his Majesty's packets.

114. An act for enabling the commissioners of the treasury of Great Britain, to advance a certain sum of money to the lord-provost, magistrates, and council of the city of Edinburgh, towards the completion of the docks and other works in the harbour of Leith.

115. An act for purchasing certain buildings and ground in or near Palace Yard, Westminster, for the use of the publick.

116. An act for enabling his Majesty to grant a certain creek, called Chelson Bay, otherwise Shilston Bay, in or near the parish of Plympton Saint Mary, in the county of Devon; and for vesting the same, for a valuable consideration, in the right honourable John lord Boringdon, and his heirs.

117. An act to continue the proceedings in the house of lords touching the conduct of Luke Fox esquire, one of the judges of the court of common pleas of that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, notwithstanding any prorogation or dissolution of parliament.

118. An act for raising the sum of eight millions by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of Great Britain for the year one thousand eight hundred and five.

119. An act for raising the sum of two millions five hundred thousand pounds, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of Great Britain for the year one thousand eight hundred and five; and for indemnifying the bank of England for having advanced money for the publick service on the credit of certain exchequer-bills.

120. An act for raising the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of Great Britain for the year one thousand eight hundred and five.

121. An act for the more effectual prevention of smuggling.

122. An act for charging additional duties on the importation of foreign plate glass into Great Britain.

123. An act for settling and securing a certain annuity on John now duke of Atholl, and the heirs general of the seventh earl of Derby.

124. An act to amend an act, passed in the fourth year of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for preventing inconveniences arising in cases of merchants, and such other persons as are within the description of the statutes relating to bankrupts, being entitled to privilege of parliament, and becoming insolvent; and to prevent delay in the entering appearances in actions brought against persons having privilege of parliament.

125. An act to provide that the proceedings now depending in the house of commons upon articles of charge of high crimes and misdemeanors which have been exhibited against Henry lord viscount Melville, shall not be discontinued by any prorogation or dissolution of parliament.

126. An act to indemnify persons who shall give evidence against Henry lord viscount Melville, upon the impeachment voted against him by the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in parliament assembled, in respect of acts done by such persons in any office or employment held by them under the said lord viscount Melville, during the time he held and enjoyed the office of treasurer of his Majesty's navy.

127. An act to vest the Townleian collection of ancient Sculpture in the trustees of the British Museum, for the use of the publick.

128. An act for allowing, under certain restrictions, until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and six, the bringing a limited quantity of coals, culm, or cinders to London and Westminster by inland navigation.

129. An act for granting to his Majesty a certain fund of money out of the consolidated fund of Great Britain; and for applying certain monies therein-mentioned for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and five; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

i. AN Act to continue and amend an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Derby, through Ashborne, to Hurdloe House, in the County of Derby. 271

ii. An Act to indemnify all Persons employed in the Disposal of Coals in the Coal Market in the City of London, who have incurred Penalties under certain Provisions of an Act, made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for establishing a free Market in the City of London for the Sale of Coals, and for preventing Frauds and Impositions in the Vend and Delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain Places therein mentioned. Ibid.

iii. An Act for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of Crewkerne, in the County of Somerset. 272

iv. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Manchester to Bolton and to Bury, to raise Money to complete the same. Ibid.

v. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Surrey Iron Railway to raise a further Sum of Money, for completing the said Railway, and the Works thereunto belonging. Ibid.

vi. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty ninth Year of His late Majesty, and the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for making a Road from the East Side of the Parish of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, to the East End of Church Street, in the said Parish, and to open a Way into Shoreditch, and for keeping the same in Repair. Ibid.

vii. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Hollinswood, in the Township of Chadderton, to Featherstall, in the Township of Hundersfield, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for making and maintaining several Branches of Road to communicate therewith. Ibid.

viii. An Act for inclosing and draining certain Lands in the Parishes of Winterton, East Somerton, and West Somerton, in the County of Norfolk. Page 272

ix. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Simonburn, in the County of Northumberland. 273

x. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Rothbury and Elsdon in the County of Northumberland. Ibid.

xi. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near Ashton under Lyne and Oldham more effectually to provide for the Discharge of their Debts, and to complete the said Canal, and the Cuts and Works thereto belonging. Ibid.

xii. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Peak Forest Canal more effectually to provide for the Discharge of their Debts, and to complete the said Canal, and the Cut, Railways, or Stone Roads and other Works thereof. Ibid.

xiii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Middleton in Teesdale in the County of Durham. Ibid.

xiv. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from a Place called Nightingales, in the Township of Heath Charnock to the Bridge at the West End of the Town of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palantine of Lancaster, and other Roads therein mentioned. Ibid.

xv. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty first Year of His late Majesty, and the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road leading from Pengate to Latchett's Bridge, and other Roads therein described, in the County of Wilts, so far as the same relate to the First District of Road therein mentioned, and for amending other Roads near or adjoining to the said Roads. Ibid.

xvi. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts passed in the Thirty fourth and Thirty seventh Years of His present Majesty, for making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Clackmannan and Perth; and for making and keeping in Repair several other Roads communicating therewith. Ibid.

xvii. An Act for repealing Three Acts, passed in the Twentieth, Twenty second and Twenty sixth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Stockton upon Tees to Darlington, and from thence to Barnardcastle, in the County of Durham; and for more effectually repairing the said Road. 274.

xviii. An Act for vesting certain Estates, situate in the Counties of Essex and Surrey, devised by the Will of Sir William Burrell Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, upon Trust, to sell the same; and for laying out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of Estates in the County of Sussex, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates so sold.

xix. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Carlton, Chellington and Steventon, in the County of Bedford. Ibid.

xx. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Sale, in the Parish of Ashton upon Mersey, in the County Palatine of Chester. Ibid.

xxi. An Act for regulating the Police of the City of Edinburgh, and the adjoining Districts; and for other Purposes relating thereto. Page 274

xxii. An Act for making and maintaining a Road leading from the Limits of the Counties of Edinburgh and Lanark to the Burgh of Lanark in the County of Lanark. Ibid.

xxiii. An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty, to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Thirty first Year of His late Majesty, for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof, and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour or Bread, so far as the same relates to the Assize and making of Bread, to be sold in the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange. Ibid.

xxiv. An Act to enable Robert Bowyer of Pall Mall, in the City of Westminster, Esquire, to dispose of his Collection of Paintings, Drawings and Engravings, together with several Copies of certain Books therein mentioned, by way of Chance. 276

xxv. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fourth and Twenty fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Shillingford in the County of Oxford, through Wallingford and Pangborne to Reading, in the County of Berks; and for building a Bridge over the River Thames at or near Shillingford Ferry. Ibid.

xxvi. An Act for assessing the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Sutherland, towards the Expence of making and supporting such Roads and Bridges therein, as shall be approved of by the Commissioners, appointed by an Act of the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland; for making a Turnpike Road from Portinleik to the Ord; and converting the Statute Labour of the said County into Money. 277

xxvii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Kirkby Steven High Lane Head, in the County of Westmorland, through Sedbergh, to Greeta Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and other Roads therein mentioned in the said Counties, and in the County of York. Ibid.

xxviii. An Act for altering, amending and consolidating, several Acts for repairing Turnpike Roads in the County of Ayr; for repairing other Roads therein; and for making more effectual the Statute Labour in the said County. Ibid.

xxix. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers of so much of Two Acts, made in the Twelfth and Thirty second Years of His present Majesty, as relate to the Road from Ingliston Bridge, by Biggar, to Leadhills, and to the Confines of the County of Lanark; and for making and maintaining a Continuation of the said Road from Dolphinton to the Confines of the County of Edinburgh. Ibid.

xxx. An Act for erecting and maintaining a Harbour, Docks and other Works, at Ardrossan, in the County of Ayr. Ibid.

xxxi. An Act for confirming the Charter, and enlarging the Powers of the Incorporation of the Officers of Excise in Scotland. Page 278

xxxii. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for the Improvement of the Harbour of Leith. Ibid.

xxxiii. An Act for the Preservation of Salmon and other Fish in the Rivers in the County of Carmarthen and County of the Borough of Carmarthen. Ibid.

xxxiv. An Act for the making, repairing, lighting, watching and watering certain Roads from the Borough of Plymouth to Stone-house Bridge and Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon, and for regulating the Stands and Fares of Hackney Coaches and Carts using the same. Ibid.

xxxv. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty second Year of His late Majesty, and in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to Nottingham Trent Bridge in the County of Nottingham. Ibid.

xxxvi. An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Castle Street, at the End of the Town of Hinckley, to Lutterworth Towns End, and from the Guide Post at Walcot Towns End, in the County of Leicester, to the Eighty Mile Stone in Welford Field, in the County of Northampton. Ibid.

xxxvii. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty fourth Years of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the Turnpike Road at or near Swindon, to Marlborough, and from Marlborough to Everly, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

xxxviii. An Act for enabling Thomas Barrow Esquire, and the

Person and Persons for the time being respectively entitled to the Freehold in Possession of and in the Moiety of certain Estates in Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, under the Will of William Barrow, deceased, to grant and convey the same Moiety in Fee Simple for building upon, or otherwise improving the same, reserving Rents, or to make Building Leases thereof, or to join with the Owner or Owners, for the time being, of the other Moiety thereof in making such Grants and Conveyances, or Leases respectively. 279

xxxix. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township and Manor of Frizington, in the Parish of Arlecdon, in the County of Cumberland. Ibid.

xl. An Act for assessing the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Ross, and such Parts of the Counties of Cromarty and Nairn as lie in the said County of Ross, towards the Expence of making and supporting such Roads and Bridges therein as shall be approved of by the Commissioners appointed by an Act, passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland. Ibid.

xli. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant Part of His Majesty's Allotment of the disafforested Forest or Chase of Needwood, in the County of Stafford, for the Erection of a Church, and the Endowment of the Minister thereof, and for building and establishing the said Church. Page 279

xlii. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution an Act, passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making additional Basons or Docks at Kingston upon Hull. Ibid.

xliii. An Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Forty first Year of His present Majesty, for enabling Charlotta Bethell Widow, to make and maintain a Navigable Canal from the River Hull to Leven Bridge, in the East Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xliv. An Act for building a New Gaol in the Borough of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton. 280

xlv. An Act for establishing a new Church or Chapel at Blaenavon in the Parish of Lanover, in the County of Monmouth. Ibid.

xlvi. An Act for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Elgin, and for levying a Conversion in lieu of the Statute Labour, and otherwise regulating the making and repairing, the High Roads and Bridges in the said County. Ibid.

xlvii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Ninth and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Norwich to Scole Bridge, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

xlviii. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Lostwithiel Turnpike Road, through Tregony to Ruan Lanehorne, and from Dennis Water to Three hundred Yards on the South Side of Trethim Mill, in the County of Cornwall. Ibid.

xlix. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to the Guide Post in Saint Margaret's Field, Leicester, and another Road therein mentioned. Ibid.

l. An Act to revive, continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Twenty seventh and Twenty ninth Years of His late Majesty, and in the Second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of Hinckley in the County of Leicester to the Town of Nuneaton, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to Bishop's Gate in the City of Coventry. Ibid.

li. An Act for the better amending and repairing of the Road leading from the Bounds of the Counties of Limerick and Cork, between the Towns of Kilmallock and Charleville, to the City of Cork. 281

lii. An Act for the better amending and repairing of the Road leading from the Town of Carlow to the City of Kilkenny. Ibid.

liii. An Act for vesting several Messuages and Hereditaments in and near Sheffield, in the County of York, and divers detached Parts of the settled Estates of the most Noble Duke of Norfolk in Trustees, upon Trust to sell; and to enable the said Charles Duke of Norfolk to enfranchise certain Copyhold and Customary Lands, Parcels of certain Manors in the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk and Sussex, other Parts of the said settled Estates; and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sales and Enfranchisements in the Purchase of more convenient Estates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned. Page 281

liv. An Act for vesting certain Estates comprized in the Settlements executed on the Marriages of Elizabeth afterwards the Wife of John Earl of Ashburnham, and Theodosia, afterwards the Wife of Charles Boone Esquire, in new Trustees. Ibid.

lv. An Act for exchanging Part of the Fee Simple Estate of Sir John Buchanan Baronet, in the County of Northumberland, for his settled Estates in the Counties of Bedford and Buckingham. Ibid.

lvi. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Berwick upon Tweed, by Ayton Bridge, to Dunglas Bridge, and also the Roads from Billie Causeway and Preston Bridge, to join the said Road at or near Cockburnspath Tower, in the County of Berwick. Ibid.

lvii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Crossford Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Chester. 282

lviii. An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for extending the Powers and Provisions of the said Act.

lix. An Act to empower the Justices of the Peace within the Division or Hundred of Salford, in the County Palatine of caster, to raise a Sum of Money to be paid by Way of Salary to the Chairman of the Quarter Sessions for the said Hundred. 291

lx. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors or Townships of Childwall, Great Woolton and Little Woolton in the Parish of Childwall, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

lxi. An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty third Year of His late Majesty, for regulating the Proceedings in personal Actions in the respective Courts Baron of the Hundred of High Peak, and Manor of Castleton, in the County of Derby; and for extending the Powers of the said Courts. Ibid.

lxii. An Act for improving the Passage between the Town of Liverpool, and the County of Chester at the Rock Ferry, on the River Mersey, and for levying Tolls on Vessels using the same. 295

lxiii. An Act to authorize the Advancement of further Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for completing the Canal and other Works directed to be made by an Act, passed in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating the Port of London. Ibid.

lxiv. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Fourth and Fourteenth Years of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Road from the North End of the Town of Rotherham, to the East Side of Tankersley Park, in the County of York. Page 295

lxv. An Act to enable the Master, Pilots and Seamen of the Trinity House of Newcastle upon Tyne, to erect Two new Light Houses at North Shields, at or near the Port of Newcastle, and to raise a Fund for defraying the Charge thereof. 296

lxvi. An Act for building a Chapel in the Hamlet of Redditich, in the Parish of Tardebigg, in the Counties of Worcester and Warwick. Ibid.

lxvii. An Act for the more speedy and easy Recovery of Small Debts in the City of Bath, and the Liberties thereof, and in the several Parishes and Places therein mentioned, in the County of Somerset. Ibid.

lxviii. An Act for altering, amending and enlarging the Powers of certain Acts, for making and maintaining the Grand Junction Canal. Ibid.

lxix. An Act for the better Preservation, and further Improvement, of the Navigation of the River Lee, in the Counties of Hertford, Essex and Middlesex. Ibid.

lxx. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Kennet and Avon Canal Navigation to complete the same, and for altering and enlarging the Powers of the several Acts passed for making the said Canal. Ibid.

lxxi. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Leicestershire and Northamptonshire Union Canal to vary the Line of the said Canal, and to alter and amend the Powers of the Act passed for making the said Canal. Ibid.

lxxii. An Act for explaining and amending an Act passed in the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and certain Low Lands adjoining or near thereto, and to the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk; and for improving the Navigation of the said River from or near a Place called Eau Brink to the Harbour of King's Lynn; and for improving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze. 297

lxxiii. An Act for building a Bridge over that Part of the River Rumney which divides the Parish of Rumney, in the County of Monmouth, and the Parish of Roath, in the County of Glamorgan. Ibid.

lxxiv. An Act for more effectually making, repairing and improving several Roads in the County of Glamorgan. Ibid.

lxxv. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Third and Twenty fourth Years of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads leading from or near the North Side of the Town of Totnes, towards Ashburton, in the County of Devon, and for building a Bridge at or near a Place called Emmett, across the River Dart. Ibid.

lxxvi. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fourth and Twenty fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Spalding High Bridge to the Market Place in Donington, and from the Tenth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Gosbertown, to the Eighth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Wigtoft in the County of Lincoln. Page 297

lxxvii. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening and improving, the Road from the Borough of Leicester to the Town of Lutterworth, in the County of Leicester. Ibid.

lxxviii. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening and improving the Road from Welford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, to Milston Lane, in the Town of Leicester. 298

lxxix. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of His late Majesty, and in the Twenty third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Markfeld Turnpike to the Road leading from Loughborough to Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester. Ibid.

lxxx. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Third and Twenty third, Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Lawton, in the County of Chester, to Burslem and Newcastle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford, and other Roads therein mentioned. Ibid.

lxxxi. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Will of the most Noble Francis late Duke of Bridgewater to make Grants in Fee, or for Years, at reserved Rents, of certain Parts of his Trust Estates, lying near or adjoining his Canal in the Counties of Lancaster and Chester, for the Purpose of having Buildings erected thereon, and otherwise improving the same. Ibid.

lxxxii. An Act for effectuating an Exchange between the Chancellor, Masters and Scholars of the University of Oxford and the Right Honourable Jacob Earl of Radnor. Ibid.

lxxxiii. An Act for vesting in new Trustees the Real Estates in Ireland, of the Right Honourable Walter Earl of Ormonde and Ossory, which have not been sold or disposed of, under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed by the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Sale of competent Parts of the Real Estates of the Right Honourable John Earl of Ormonde, and the Honourable Walter Butler, commonly called Lord Viscount Thurles, his eldest Son and Heir Apparent, for the Payment of Debts, Charges and Incumbrances effecting the same; and for settling such Part and Parts thereof as shall not be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, and for other Purposes. Ibid.

lxxxiv. An Act to vest the settled Estates of John Hamilton Fitzmaurice, commonly called Lord Kirkwall, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint, in Trustees, in Trust to be sold for the Payment of Debts affecting the same, and his other settled Estates; and after Payment thereof, for the Investment of the Residue of the Monies to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates to be conveyed to the Uses of the said settled Estates, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. 299

lxxxv. An Act for effecting the Sale or Exchange of certain Real Estates and Hereditaments late of George Lord Viscount Montague deceased; and laying out the Money thence arising in the Purchase of other Real Estates. Page 299

lxxxvi. An Act for enabling the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury to grant a Building Lease of certain Lands in the County of Surrey, for the Term of Ninety nine Years, to William Glutton and Robert Boxall, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose. Ibid.

lxxxvii. An Act for effectuating an Exchange between Edmund Waller and James Dupre Esquires; and also an Exchange between the said Edmund Waller and the Trustees of his settled Estate; and also for vesting Part of the settled Estate of the said Edmund Waller in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the clear Surplus of the Purchase Monies, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, and for other Purposes. Ibid.

lxxxviii. An Act for vesting the devised Estates of John Ferryman, Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Purchase Money in Discharge of Incumbrances; and for laying out the Residue, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, and until such Purchase be made, for laying out such Residue in the Purchase of Three per Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities. Ibid.

lxxxix. An Act for authorizing the Trustees named in the Will of Jane Catherine Keate, Widow, to sell the Messuages and Tenements in Spital Fields, in the County of Middlesex, thereby devised, and for investing the clear Purchase Monies, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, and also for authorizing the granting of Building and Repairing Leases until Sale. Ibid.

xc. An Act for vesting the Mansion House and Land, called Ealing Grove, in the County of Middlesex, (Part of the Estates devised by the Will of James Baillie Esquire,) in Trustees upon Trust, to sell the same, under the Directions of the Court of Chancery, and to apply the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the Will of the said James Baillie. 300

xci. An Act for dividing, and selling or disposing of, the Common Lands and Waste Grounds in the Manor, Barony, Town and Township of Stockport, in the County Palatine of Chester, and for applying the Money to arise thereby for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Town. Ibid.

xcii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Canford, in the County of Dorset, and in the Town and County of the Town of Poole. Ibid.

xciii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Swallow, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

xciv. An Act for paving and otherwise improving the Streets and other Places in the Township of Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of York; and for licensing Hackney Coaches, and establishing other Regulations in the said Township. Ibid.

xcv. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the First and Twenty second Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Whitecross, in the Parish of Leven Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Beverley in the said County. Page 300

xcvi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Leek, in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

xcvii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hampton in Arden, in the County of Warwick. 301

xcviii. An Act to repeal Two Acts, passed in the Sixth and Thirty second Years of His late Majesty, for the Regulation of Lastage and Ballastage in the River Thames; and to make more effectual Regulations relating thereto. Ibid.

xcix. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for better maintaining and employing the Poor of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex; for providing a new Work-house for the Use of the said Parish; for appointing Collectors of the Rates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for making more effectual Provision for those and other Purposes. Ibid.

c. An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of All Saints, in the Town of Lewes, in the County of Sussex, and for repairing the Tower thereof. Ibid.

ci. An Act for improving and rendering more commodious the Port of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

cii. An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing or rebuilding the Pier adjoining to the Harbour of Broadstairs, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent. Ibid.

ciii. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty Second Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the building a Gaol and House of Correction for the Town and County Borough of Carmarthen, and for watching and supplying the said Town with Water, and for granting further Powers for those and other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

civ. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Gloucester and Berkeley Canal to vary and alter the Line of a certain Part of the said Canal, and to enable the said Company to raise a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution the several Acts for making the said Canal. 302

cv. An Act for draining and improving certain Low Grounds and Carrs, within the Parishes, Townships and Places of Selby, Brayton, Thorp Willoughby, Hambleton, Wistow, Scalm Park, Cawood, Sherburn, Lennerton, Rest Park, South Milforth and Barkston Ash, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

cvi. An Act to repeal several Acts, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, for regulating the Baking Trade in the City and County of Dublin, and Liberties thereof, and for better regulating the said Trade; and for preventing Frauds in the buying and selling of Corn. Ibid.

cvii. An Act for making and keeping in Repair a Carriage Road, to branch out of the Sheffield and Turnpike Road in the Township of Wadsley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join the Doncaster and Salters Brook Turnpike Road in the Township of Langset, in the said West Riding. Page 302

cviii. An Act for erecting Toll Bars, and levying Toll Duties on the Road from Dunfermline to Nivingstone, in the Counties of Fife and Kinross, and for making a new Turnpike Road from Saline towards the North Queensferry Road, in the said County of Fife. Ibid.

cix. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty third Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road leading from the Passage or Ferry over the River Severn at Newnham, to a Place called Saint White's, adjoining the Forest of Dean, in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

cx. An Act for confirming certain Building Leases granted by the Right Honourable Charles Earl Camden, deceased, and the Prebendary of the Prebend of Cantlowes, in the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul in London, and by the Right Honourable John Jeffreys, now Earl Camden, and the said Prebendary; and for enabling the said John Jeffreys Earl Camden and others, with the Consent of the Prebendary, to grant similar Leases in future of the Prebendal Lands of Kentish Town, in the County of Middlesex, and for rectifying a Mistake in the present Earl’s Marriage Settlement relating to those Lands. 303

cxi. An Act to establish and confirm an Exchange made by and between the Rector of the Parish Church of Saint Giles and Alhallows, in the County of Dorset, and the Right Honourable Anthony Ashley Earl of Shaftesbury, of Part of his Glebe Lands, and other Lands held and enjoyed with the said Rectory, for other Lands there, the Property of the said Earl, which are more conveniently situated for the said Rector and his Successors. Ibid.

cxii. An Act for vesting certain Estates, late belonging to and devised by the Will of Sir Joseph Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Monies arising from the Sale thereof in the Discharge of Incumbrances and Debts, and for laying out the Surplus in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

cxiii. An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling the Lord Bishop of London to grant a Lease, with Powers of Renewal, of Lands in the Parish of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, for the Purpose of building upon. Ibid.

cxiv. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Sir John Legard Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, with the Approbation of the High Court of Chancery, and for applying Part of the Purchase Monies in paying off Incumbrances on such Estates, and in reimbursing to him the Sums required by the Commissioners acting in the Execution of several Acts for inclosing and draining such Estates, and for laying out the Residue of the Purchase Monies in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the former Uses. Ibid.

cxv. An Act for confirming certain Building Leases of Lands in Walworth, in the Parish of Saint Mary Newington, in the County of Surrey, granted by the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury, jointly with their Lessees, Henry Penton Esquire, and Samuel Brandon and Thomas Brandon Esquires, contrary to the Provisions of an Act made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for establishing Exchanges of Three Small Pieces of Freehold and Leasehold Lands between the said Dean and Chapter and the said Samuel Brandon, and the Trustees under the Will of the said Thomas Brandon, deceased; and for empowering the said Dean and Chapter, and their Lessees for the time being of their Estates in Walworth, to grant Building Leases of Parts of the said Premises, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned. Page 304

cxvi. An Act for confirming and establishing the Award and Decree made and passed on the Division and Inclosure of Lands in the Township of Hutton's Ambo, in the North Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

cxvii. An Act for making and maintaining an Archway or Archways under the River Thames from the Parish of Saint Mary Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, to the opposite Side of the said River, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

cxviii. An Act to alter, amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty, for the better Government and Regulation of the Poor in the Town and Parish of Maidstone, in the County of Kent. Ibid.

cxix. An Act for supplying the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Giles Camberwell and Parts of the Parish of Saint Mary's Lambeth, and several other Parishes and Places in the County of Surrey, with Water. Ibid.

A

TABLE

Containing the TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

Passed in the FOURTH Session of the SECOND Parliament

OF

The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland;

46 GEORGE III.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

1. An Act to empower the Auditor of the Exchequer to constitute a Trustee for the Execution of the said Office in the Case therein mentioned.

2. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and six.

3. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and six.

4. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Lady Viscountess Nelson, in Consideration of the eminent Services performed by the late Vice Admiral Lord Viscount Nelson to His Majesty and the Publick.

5. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Rear Admiral Sir Richard Strachan Baronet, in Consideration of the eminent Services which he has rendered to His Majesty and the Publick.

6. An Act for raising the Sum of Five Millions by loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six.

7. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and for extending the Times limited for those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and six, and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand eight hundred and six.

8. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

9. An Act for allowing, until the Signature of Preliminary Articles of Peace, Vessels employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery to complete their full Number of Men at certain Ports.

10. An Act for further continuing until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof.

11. An Act for allowing the Exportation of Corn and other Articles for the Use of His Majesty's Forces and Garrisons.

12. An Act to continue several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties, on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland; and for gianting a Duty upon Malt and Spirits made and distilled in Ireland, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and six; and for granting certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven.

13. An Act for settling and securing certain Annuities on Cuthbert Lord Collingwood, and the several other Persons therein described, in Consideration of the signal and important Service performed by the said Cuthbert Lord Collingwood to His Majesty and the Publick.

14. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, and to amend several Acts for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland.

15. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, within the United Kingdom, and the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man.

16. An Act to continue until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seven, and amend an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, between His Majesty, and the United States of America.

17. An Act to permit, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, the Exportation to the United Kingdom, of Wool from the British Plantations in America.

18. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, the Operation of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to suspend Proceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, and Proceedings, under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture, and also under an Act of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the same relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture.

19. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six.

20. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, and amend so much of an Act made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant-Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament.

21. An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied.

22. An Act for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant-Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.

23. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enabling Subjects of Foreign States to enlist as Soldiers in His Majesty's Service; and to indemnify those who have advised His Majesty to land such Soldiers in this Kingdom.

24. An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand eight hundred and eight, an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.

25. An Act for raising the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six.

26. An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six.

27. An Act for continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, so much of an Act made in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of His late Majesty, as relates to the landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before Payment of the Duties Excise.

28. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, several Laws relating to the Transportation of Felons and other Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement in England and Scotland.

29. An Act for reviving and continuing several Laws of Customs relating to the establishing Courts of Judicature in the 111 and of Newfoundland; and to the prohibiting the Exportation from, and permitting the Importation to Great Britain, of Corn; and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty, Until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine; and for continuing several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported from Great Britain, and taking off the Duties on Importation into Great Britain of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; to the granting a Bounty upon the Importation into Great Britain of Hemp, and rough and undressed Flax, from His Majesty's Colonies in America; and to the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries; and for reviving and continuing several Laws relating to the regulating the Prices at which Corn and Grain may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain; and to the Admission to Entry in Great Britain of Oil and Blubber of Newfoundland, taken by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on the Fishery from and residing in the said Island; and for continuing an Act of the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; and for reviving and continuing several Laws relating to the permitting the Importation into Great Britain of Hides and other Articles in Foreign Ships; and to the prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, or other Provisions; and to the permitting the Importation into Ireland of Corn, Fish, and Provisions, without Payment of Duty, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight; and for reviving and continuing an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of the Flaxen and Hempen Manufactures of Ireland, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-seven; and for amending and further continuing an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for the free Importation into Great Britain of Cochineal and Indigo, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine.

30. An Act to authorize His Majesty, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope.

31. An Act to continue until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, an Act made in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, for empowering His Majesty to accept the Services of such Parts of His Militia Forces in Ireland as might voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Great Britain.

32. An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Ireland to issue Treasury Bills on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six; and for making forth Duplicates of Treasury Bills lost or destroyed.

33. An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty Millions by way of Annuities.

34. An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, an Act made in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries.

35. An Act to revive and amend so much of an Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for granting certain Stamp Duties in Ireland, as provides for the exempting from the said Duties, Bank Notes and Bank Post Bills issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland.

36. An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the last Session of Parliament as charges a Duty of Three Shillings upon certain Tenements or Dwelling Houses in Ireland.

37. An Act to declare the Law with respect to Witnesses refusing to answer.

38. An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs upon Tea imported into Great Britain, and granting a Duty in lieu thereof; and for granting to His Majesty Additional Duties of Excise on Tea.

39. An Act for granting to His Majesty, until Twelve Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, Additional Duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff.

40. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Vice Admiral Sir John Thomas Duckworth, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, in Consideration of the eminent Services which he has rendered to His Majesty and the Publick.

41. An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six.

42. An Act for granting to His Majesty, during the present War, and for Six Months after the Expiration thereof, by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into and exported from, or brought or carried Coastwise within Great Britain.

43. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Appraisements and on Licences to Appraisers in Great Britain.

44. An Act for carrying to the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, the Duties on Wine granted by Two Acts of the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of His present Majesty.

45. An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Treasurer of the Ordnance.

46. An Act for raising the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six.

47. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities or Debentures for the Service of Ireland.

48. An Act for continuing an Act made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment, of the Army and their Quarters, within the United Kingdom, and the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man.

49. An Act for encreasing the Salaries of the Judge of the Court of Admiralty in Scotland, and of the Judges of the Commissary Court in Edinburgh.

50. An Act for extending the Annuity granted to Earl of St. Vincent, to the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Viscount St. Vincent is limited.

51. An Act to repeal several Acts passed in the Forty-third and Forty fourth Years respectively of His present Majesty's Reign, for the raising and establishing an Additional Force for the Defence of the Realm.

52. An Act to prevent the Importation of Slaves, by any of His Majesty's Subjects, into amy Islands, Colonies, Plantations or Territories belonging to any Foreign Sovereign, State, or Power; and also to render more effectual a certain Order, made by His Majesty in Council on the Fifteenth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and five, for prohibiting the Importation of Slaves (except in certain Cases) , into any of the Settlements, Islands, Colonies, or Plantations on the Continent of America, or in the West Indies, which have been surrendered to His Majesty's Arms during the present War; and to prevent the fitting out of Foreign Slave Ships from British Ports.

53. An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising, issuing, or carrying into Execution any Order or Orders for permitting the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms, into and out of His Majesty's West India Islands, and the Colonies, Settlements, and Territories, which have been conquered by His Majesty's Arms.

54. An Act for the more speedy Trial of Offences committed in distant Parts upon the Sea.

55. An Act to provide for the Payment, at the Bank of Ireland, of the Interest on certain Debentures now payable at the Exchequer of Ireland; and also for altering the Days of Payment of the Interest or Dividends on certain Annuities in Ireland.

56. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament for continuing and amending several Acts for regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirituous Liquors distilled in Ireland, and the Warehousing of such Spirits for Exportation.

57. An Act to amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament for the Collection of the Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Maltster.

58. An Act for establishing certain Regulations in the Collection and Management of His Majesty's Revenues of Customs, Excise, and Taxes in Ireland.

59. An Act to regulate the Packing of Butter in Ireland for Sale or Exportation.

60. An Act for amending an Act passed in Ireland, in the Twenty-ninth Year of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending and making more effectual, the several Laws relating to the First Fruits payable out of Ecclesiastical Benefices in this Kingdom; and for the better Regulation and Management of the charitable Bequest of Doctor Hugh Boulter, late Lord Archbishop of Armagh, for augmenting the Maintenance of poor Clergy in this Kingdom, so far only as relates to the said charitable Bequest.

61. An Act to authorize certain Publick Officers to send and receive Letters and Packets by the Post, free from the Duty of Postage.

62. An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and six, certain Duties on the Importation, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of certain Sorts of Iron, Sugar, and Tea into and from Ireland.

63. An Act to repeal several Acts passed in the Forty third and Forty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, for raising and establishing an Additional Force in Ireland for the Defence of the Realm.

64. An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper in Ireland, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof; and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland.

65. An Act for granting to His Majesty, during the present War, and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain on the Rates and Duties on Profits arising from Property Professions Trades and Offices; and for repealing an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing certain Parts of an Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property Professions Trades and Offices; and to consolidate and render more effectual the Provisions for collecting the said Duties.

66. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

67. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt and Spirits made in Ireland.

68. An Act to continue until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seven, and amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for appointing Commissioners to enquire and examine into any Irregularities and Abuses which might have taken Place in conducting and managing the paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets of Dublin.

69. An Act for making better Provision for Soldiers.

70. An Act to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for regulating Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder, by Retail, in Inland.

71. An Act to amend several Acts for the Encouragement of finding and working Mines and Minerals within Ireland.

72. An Act for enabling His Majesty to permit the importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into, and from, the Port of Road Harbour, in the Island of Tortola.

73. An Act for granting Rates of Postage on the Conveyance of Letters and Packets to and from Gibraltar and the Island of Malta.

74. An Act for permitting Prussian Yarn to be imported in Foreign Ships, on Payment of the like Duties as if imported in British Ships.

75. An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Receiver General of the Duties of Excise in England.

76. An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Receiver General of the Stamp Duties in England.

77. An Act for continuing the Encouragement of Persons making Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto; and for discharging certain Debts incurred by the Commissioners of the Longitude in carrying the Acts relating thereto into Execution.

78. An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty on the Amount of the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes therein mentioned.

79. An Act to confirm an Agreement entered into between the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and the Most Noble Augustus Henry Duke of Grafton, in pursuance of an Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty.

80. An Act to provide for the more effectual Examination of Accounts of the Expenditure of the Publick Money in the West Indies, and for the better Discovery of Frauds and Abuses therein.

81. An Act for better encouraging the Manufacture of Thread Lace in Great Britain.

82. An Act for abolishing Fees received by certain Officers and other Persons employed in the Service of the Customs, in the Port of London; and for regulating the Attendance of Officers and others so employed.

83. An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Receiver General of the Post Office in England.

84. An Act to grant certain Allowances out of the Duties, under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, to Persons in respect of the Number of their Children.

85. An Act for reviving and continuing until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, an Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Manner in which the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies shall hire and take up Ships for their regular Service,

86. An Act for enabling His Majesty to grant the Castle of Norwich, with the Common Gaol, Castle Hill, and certain Land adjacent thereto, in the County of Norfolk, and for vesting the same in His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, for the Use thereof; and for other Purposes relating thereto. 774.

87. An Act more effectually to regulate the Collection of the Duties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported or exported into or from Ireland; and the Payment of Bounties, Allowances, and Drawbacks thereon.

88. An Act to provide for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland, and the Warehousing of such Spirits for Exportation. 795.

89. An Act for consolidating and rendering more effectual the several Acts for the Purchase of Buildings and further Improvement of the Streets and Places near to Westminster Hall, and the Two Houses of Parliament.

90. An Act to enable His Majesty annually to train and exercise a Proportion of His Subjects in England, under certain Regulations, and more effectually to provide for the Defence of the Realm. 817,

91. An Act for the Return of correct Lists of Persons liable to serve in the Militia, under an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty; and to suspend the Ballot for the Militia in England for Two Years.

92. An Act to amend Three Acts, made in the Thirty-fifth, Forty-first, and Forty second Years of His present Majesty, relating to the Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post.

93. An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six.

94. An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, to contract for the Purchase of the Duties of Prisage and Butlerage in Ireland.

95. An Act for the more effectually regulating and providing, for the Relief of the Poor, and the Management of Infirmaries and Hospitals in Ireland.

96. An Act to amend the Laws respecting the accounting for Money presented in Ireland for the making, repairing, widening, or fencing of Publick Roads, and the building and repairing of Bridges, Pipes, or Gullets.

97. An Act to permit the free Interchange of every Species of Grain, between Great Britain and Ireland.

98. An Act for making additional and further Provisions for the effectual Performance of Quarantine in Great Britain.

99. An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of Oil of Vitriol made in Great Britain.

100. An Act to empower the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, to make certain Allowances to old, infirm, or wounded or disabled Officers in the Royal Navy, and to provide a Fund for the Payment of such Allowances, and for the Increase of Pensions to disabled Seamen and Marines.

101. An Act for improving the Funds of the Chest at Greenwich, and amending an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, relating to the said Chest.

102. An Act for repealing the Duties of Excise on Stills used for distilling or rectifying Low Wines or Spirits for Consumption in Scotland; on Worts or Wash made for extracting Spirits; and on Spirits made for Consumption in Scotland; and for granting and securing other Duties in lieu thereof; and for better securing the Duties on Foreign Spirits and on Malt.

103. An Act for allowing, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and seven, the Importation of certain Fish from Newfoundland, and the Coast of Labrador, and for granting a Bounty thereon.

104. An Act for continuing, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and seven, an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for allowing, under certain Restrictions, the bringing a limited Quantity of Coals, Culm, or Cinders to London and Westminster, by Inland Navigation.

105. An Act to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth; and for extending the Lines and Works at Dover.

106. An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland.

107. An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Commissioners appointed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting into Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates in England, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fve; and an Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates in England, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and six, also the said Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty; and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted as Commissioners for executing the said Acts.

108. An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors.

109. An Act for reducing the Bounty payable on the Exportation of refined Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing the like Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar Candy, as is payable on refined Sugar.

110. An Act for granting, during the Continuance of the present War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silk Manufactures of Great Britain.

111. An Act for authorizing His Majesty in Council to allow, during the present War, and for Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities in Neutral Ships, into and from His Majesty's Territories in the West Indies and Continent of South America.

112. An Act to amend the Laws of Excise, so far as relates to Prosecutions for Penalties, to the counterfeiting the Stamps on the Wrappers of Paper, and to the punishing Persons guilty of Perjury.

113. An Act to permit, for and during the Continuance of the present War, French Wines to be imported from Ireland into Great Britain in Bottles or Flasks, under certain Restrictions.

114. An Act to amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for increasing the Drawback on Linens exported from Great Britain to the West Indies.

115. An Act to permit Raisins, Currants, and Figs to be exported from Great Britain, Duty free.

116. An Act to allow certain Articles to be exported from Gibraltar and Malta, direct to His Majesty's Colonies in North America, in Return for British American Fish.

117. An Act to permit until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, the Importation of Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits, or of Timber fit for Naval Purposes, from the British Colonies in North America, Duty free.

118. An Act to extend the Time for purchasing the Legal Quays and Warehouses in the Port of London, and for authorising the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to purchase Somers and Lyons Quays in the said Port.

119. An Act to prohibit for Two Years after the Conclusion of the present Session of Parliament, any Ships to clear out from any Port of Great Britain, for the Coast of Africa, for the Purpose of taking on board Negroes, unless such Ships shall have been previously employed in the African Trade, or contracted for, for that Purpose.

120. An Act to continue several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland, until the Fifth Day of July Ono thousand eight hundred and seven: and several Acts for granting Duties upon Malt and Spirits made and distilled in Ireland, and for the better Collection and Security of the Revenues of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein, until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seven; and to amend several of the said Acts.

121. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the First Year of King James the Second, as prohibits the Importation of Gunpowder, Arms, and Utensils of War, from Ireland.

122. An Act to revive and amend an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, for enabling the Lord Lieutenant to appoint Commissioners for enquiring into the several Funds and Revenues granted for the Purposes of Education, and into the State and Conditions of all Schools in Ireland.

123. An Act to amend several Acts for the Sale of His Majesty's Quit Rents, Crown, and other Rents, and of certain Lands forfeited and undisposed of in Ireland.

124. An Act to enable His Majesty to accept the Services of Volunteers from the Militia of Ireland, under certain Restrictions.

125. An Act for regulating the Rank of Officers in Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps.

126. An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

127. An Act to amend and extend the Benefits of an Act made in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, to enable Petty Officers, Seamen, and Marines, serving in His Majesty's Navy, to allot Part of their Wages or Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives and Families.

128. An Act for making Provision for such Matters in Ordinary of the High Court of Chancery as from Age or Infirmity shall be desirous of resigning their Offices with the Approbation of the said Court; and for augmenting the Income of the Matters in Ordinary of the said Court.

129. An Act to provide additional Salaries to the present Clerks in the Office of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and to provide additional Clerks for the said Office, with Salaries; and to make other Payments in respect of the said Office.

130. An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments as have been purchased for better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores at Chatham, and for the Use of His Majesty's Ordnance at Warley Common and Woolwich, in pursuance of an Act made in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty.

131. An Act for exonerating the Estates of Percival Lewis Esquire, and Marianne Lewis Spinster, in the Parish of Putney in the County of Surrey, from the Claims of His Majesty against the Estate of Edward Lewis Esquire, deceased.

132. An Act for erecting a Light House on the Bell or Cape Rock, on the Eastern Coast of Scotland, and for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury to advance a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, towards that Purpose.

133. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty, for consolidating the several Acts patted for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, and to make further Provision for exonerating small Livings and charitable Institutions from the Land Tax.

134. An Act to provide for the Security and Expedition of the Conveyance of Letters by the Post in Ireland.

135. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Bankrupts.

236. An Act to alter and amend Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty, for limiting the Number of Persons to be carried on the Outside of Stage Coaches, or other Carriages, and regulating the Conduct of the Drivers and Guards thereof.

137. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for permitting certain Articles to be warehoused in Great Britain, to other Articles not therein mentioned, and to alter the Condition of the Bond directed to be given by an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, by the Matters and Owners of Vessels and Boats licensed by the Lords of the Admiralty.

138. An Act to repeal Part of the Excise Countervailing Duty on Irish Hops imported; for granting an Excise Countervailing Duty on the Importation of Irish Window Glass; and to exempt Tiles made for the Purpose of draining Lands from the Duties of Excise.

139. An Act for altering and amending several Laws relating to the Duties of Excise upon Malt, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven.

140. An Act to amend Two Acts, passed in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Militia of England and Scotland respectively as to the Pay of the Officers and Men of the said Militia.

141. An Act for making more effectual Provision for the more speedy and regular Examination and Audit of the Publick Accounts of this Kingdom.

142. An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Surveyor General of Woods and Forests.

143. An Act for enquiring into the State of Windsor Forest in the County of Berks, and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands of the Crown within the same.

144. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to alter, amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for establishing and maintaining a Permanent Additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty's Regular Forces, and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of England, so far as the same relates to the City of London.

145. An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle Annuities on certain Branches of the Royal Family.

146. An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on the Earl Nelson and the Heirs Male of his Body, and such other Persons to whom the Title of Earl Nelson may descend; and for granting a Sum of Money to purchase an Estate to accompany the said Title; and also, for granting a Sum of Money for the Use of the Sisters of the late Vice-Admiral Viscount Nelson; in Consideration of the eminent and signal Services performed by the said late Viscount Nelson to His Majesty and the Publick.

147. An Act to enable His Majesty to continue a certain Annuity to George now Lord Rodney, Grandson of George Brydges Lord Rodney, in Consideration of the eminent Services rendered to His Majesty and the Publick by the said George Brydges Lord Rodney.

148. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

149. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

150. An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Receiver General of the Duties of Customs in Great Britain.

151. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant new Leases on former Rents for the Benefit of Charitable Institutions, or Augmentation of Ecclesiastical Corporations.

152. An Act to stay, until Forty Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, Proceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, or Informations under an Act made in the Second Year of King James the First, intituled, An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other Artificers occupying the cutting of Leather, so far as relates to the buying of Oak Bark and rough Hides and Calves Skins in the Hair.

153. An Act for the Preservation of the Publick Harbours of the United Kingdom.

154. An Act for taking down the present Building in which the Treasury Chambers and Offices of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland were situated, and erecting new Buildings in lieu thereof.

155. An Act for applying certain Balances arising from the Forfeited Estates in Scotland, towards making Canals, Harbours, and other Publick Works there.

156. An Act for appropriating certain Balances arising from the Forfeited Estates in Scotland to the Use of the British Fisheries, and the erecting a Lunatick Asylum at Edinburgh, and the Payment of the Officers of the late Board of annexed Estates in Scotland.

157. An Act for more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of an Act made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, to give further Time For the Payment, on the Conditions therein mentioned, of Installments on certain Loans advanced to the House of Alexander Houstoun and Company, to Charles Ashwell Esquire, and to William Johnstone Esquire, being Persons connected with and trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, so far as relates to the Real and Personal Estates of William Mac Dowall, James Mac Dowell, and Robert Houstoun Rae, in the West Indies and elsewhere, except in Scotland.

158. An Act for more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of an Act made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, to give further Time For the Payment, on the Conditions therein mentioned, of Installments on certain Loans advanced to the House of Alexander Houstoun and Company, to Charles Ashwell Esquire, and to William Johnstone Esquire, being Persons connected with and trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, so far as relates to the Real and Personal Estates of William Mac Dowall, James Mac Dowell, and Robert Houstoun Rae, Esquires, in Scotland.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

i. AN Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for lighting such Part of the Islington as lies in the Parish of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County of Middlesex, and for establishing a regular nightly Watch therein; and for removing and preventing Nuisances within the said Town and Parish. 658

ii. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Great Bridgewater Street, in Manchester, across the River Irwell, through Salford to Eccles, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and several Branches of Road to communicate therewith. Ibid.

iii. An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace for the West Riding of the County of York, to provide convenient Court Houses for holding the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace within the said Riding. 659

iv. An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Body of the Parish Church of Chertsey, in the County of Surrey, and for repairing the Tower thereof and building a Vestry Room near or adjoining to the said Church. 660

v. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Fourth and Twenty fifth Years of His present Majesty, so far as relate to the Road, from the South End of the Town of Rotherham, in the County of York, to the present Turnpike Road near Pleasley, in the County of Derby. Ibid.

vi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Fourth and Twenty fifth Years of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from Tinsley, in the County of York, to the Town of Doncaster, in the said County. 661

vii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of Three Acts, passed in the Thirty second Year of His late Majesty, and in the Fourteenth and Twentieth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wetherby to Grassington, in the County of York, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road from Knaresborough to the Junction of the Road from Ripon to Pately Bridge. Ibid.

viii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, of the Fourth and Twenty fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Buck's Head at Watling Street, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Salop; and for making a new Branch of Road adjoining or near to the said Roads. Ibid.

ix. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wymondham, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

x. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of East Ruston, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

xi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Besthorpe, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

xii. An Act to enable the Huddersfield Canal Company to raise a further Sum of Money for the Discharge of their Debts, and to finish and complete the Huddersfield Canal, and for amending the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Canal. Ibid.

xiii. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, to a place called New Hey, in the Parish of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for making and maintaining certain Branches of Road to communicate therewith. 662

xiv. An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, passed in the Fifth and Twenty sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from Lymington, in the County of Southampton; and for amending and widening the Road to Wilverley Post, in the New Forest. Ibid.

xv. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Fourth and Twenty Fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from Callington, in the County of Cornwall. Page 662

xvi. An Act for enabling the Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for rebuilding the Workhouse of the Parish of SaintbSepulchre, in the City of London, and for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the said Parish, to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the Purposes of the said Act. Ibid.

xvii. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Millbridge to Cleckheaton, in the Parish of Birstall, all in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xviii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of so much of Two Acts, passed in the Fifth and Twenty sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Bawtry Bridge, in the County of Nottingham, to Hainton, in the County of Lincoln, and other Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the First and Second Districts of Roads therein described. Ibid.

xix. An Act for the Regulation of the Oyster, Sole and Salmon Fisheries, within the Harbour of Milford, in the County of Pembroke, and the Rivers running into the said Harbour. Ibid.

xx. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal more effectually to provide for the Discharge of their Debts, and to amend the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Canal. 663

xxi. An Act for amending, altering and enlarging, the Powers of an Act, passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for paving, and otherwise improving, the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

xxii. An Act for regulating the Charities of John West of London, Gentleman, and Frances his Wife, both deceased. Ibid.

xxiii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Martock, in the County of Somerset. Ibid.

xxiv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Little Snoring, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

xxv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Scotforth, in the Parish of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

xxvi. An Act for amending, altering and enlarging, the Powers of several Acts, passed for paving, pitching, cleansing and lighting the Streets and other Places within the City of Bristol and Liberties thereof. Ibid.

xxvii. An Act for better supplying the Inhabitants of the Town and Township of Colne, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, with Water. Ibid.

xxviii. An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Twenty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Lutterworth Hand, on the Watling Street Road, through Churchover, Brownsover, Newhold upon Avon, Rugby and Bilton, in the County of Warwick, to the Turnpike Road between Dunchurch and Hilmorton, in the said County. 664

xxix. An Act to extend the Provisions of so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, as relates to repairing certain Turnpike Roads in the County of Aberdeen, to other Roads within the said County. 664

xxx. An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Fifth and Twenty fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Alford to Boston, and from thence to Cowbridge, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

xxxi. An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace for the County of York to provide a convenient House, with suitable Accommodations, for His Majesty's Judges of the Assizes at the said County. Ibid.

xxxii. An Act for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement and Delivery of Coals, within the several Parishes lying between the Parishes of Egham and Rotherhithe, both inclusive, in the County of Surrey. 673

xxxiii. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts, made in the Fifth and Twenty fifth Years of King George the Second, and in the Third, Eighteenth and Forty first Years of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York. Ibid.

xxxiv. An Act for erecting a Pier and other Works, for the Improvement of the Harbour of Porthdinlleyn, in Carnarvon Bay, in the County of Carnarvon. Ibid.

xxxv. An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for improving and rendering more commodious the Port and Harbour of Bristol, and for extending the Powers and Provisions of the said Act. Ibid.

xxxvi. An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for cleansing and lighting the Streets of the Town of South Leith, the Territory of Saint Anthony’s and Yardheads, thereunto adjoining, and for supplying the several Parts thereof with fresh Water, and for the better regulating the Police of the said Town and Territory, and of the Town of North Leith, Coalhill and Citadel, and for other Purposes therein mentioned relating thereto. 674

xxxvii. An Act for the more speedy and easy Recovery of Small Debts in the Town and Borough of Grimsby, and the Liberties thereof, and in the several Parishes and Places therein mentioned in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

xxxviii. An Act for building a new Gaol for the County of the City of Cork, and for supplying the said Gaol with Water. Ibid.

xxxix. An Act for better repairing the Streets. Lanes and Passages, within the City of Exeter, and County of the said City, and for amending an Act, passed in the First Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for enlightening the Streets within the City of Exeter and Suburbs thereof, and for the better Regulation of the Watch within the said City and County, and for otherwise improving the same. Ibid.

---

xl. An Act for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty, for better paving, cleansing and otherwise improving, the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

xli. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty, for lighting and watching the Streets, Lanes and other public Passages and Places, within the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, and for removing and preventing Nuisances therein. Page 674

xlii. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching and regulating the Streets, Lanes and other public Passages and Places within the City of Litchfield, and the Suburbs thereof. 675

xliii. An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watching, repairing and improving, the Roads, Streets, Lanes and other public Passages and Places within the Borough of Lewes, in the County of Sussex, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Encroachments therein. Ibid.

xliv. An Act for the more effectual Relief and Employment of the Poor, in the Parishes of Buxton, Hevingham, Marsham, Stratton Strawless, Swanton Abbot, Burgh next Aylsham, Skeyton, Brampton and Oxnead, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

xlv. An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Bridge across the River Severn, at Gloucester, called The Westgate Bridge, and for opening convenient Avenues thereto. Ibid.

xlvi. An Act for repealing Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cosham, in the County of Southampton, to the City of Chichester, and for more effectually repairing the said Road. Ibid.

xlvii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing the Roads from Warwick to Paddle Brook, and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon, in the Counties of Warwick and Worcester, and for repealing the Laws then in force relating to the said Roads. Ibid.

xlviii. An Act for more effectually repairing and amending certain Roads in the Counties of Roxburgh and Berwick, and for better regulating the Statute Labour, and making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said County of Roxburgh. Ibid.

xlix. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Seventeenth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Farrand’s Common, through Holt and Melksham, to Homan's Stile, in the Parish of Lacock, in the County of Wilts. 676

l. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening and improving the Roads from the City of Gloucester to the Top of Birdlip Hill, and from the Foot of the said Hill to the Top of Crickley Hill, in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

li. An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Fourth and Twenty fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the High Bridge in Spalding to a certain Place called Tydd Goat, in the County of Lincoln, and from Sutton Saint Marys, to Sutton Wash, in the said County. Ibid.

lii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening several Roads leading from and through the Town of Wiveliscombe, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned, and for amending and widening certain other Roads adjoining thereto.

liii. An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Road leading from the Guide Post at the Top of Stanwix Bank, near the City of Carlisle, to Westlington Bridge, in the County of Cumberland. Ibid.

liv. An Act to enable the Duchess Dowager of Dorset, or other the Guardians for the time being of the Infant Children of the Most Noble John Frederick late Duke of Dorset, to execute Leases for long Terms of Years, and to execute Conveyances of Lands within the Manor of Bexill, otherwise in the County of Sussex, for working Mines and other Substances within or under the same, and for other the Purposes within mentioned. Ibid.

lv. An Act for vesting certain undivided Parts or Shares, devised by the Will of Hannah Bedford Widow, of and in several Estates in the Counties of Cornwall and in Trustees, to be sold, and for investing the clear Purchase Monies, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses. 677

---

lvi. An Act for effecting an Exchange between Sir Edmund Craddock Hartopp Baronet, and Edward Hartopp Esquire, of

Estates in the County of Leicester. Ibid.

lvii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of in the

County of Surrey.

lviii. An Act for maintaining a wooden Bridge over the River Clyde, from the City of Glasgow to in the

County of Lanark. Ibid.

lix. An Act to alter and amend several Acts, passed in the Fortieth, Forty fourth and Forty fifth Years of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London; and for other the Purposes in the said Acts mentioned; and for enlarging the Powers thereby granted to the London Dock Company. lx. An Act for more effectually paving and keeping in Repair the Footways and Crosspaths, and lighting and cleansing the Streets, Lanes and other public Passages and Places, within the Town of Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for watching and watering the said Town. 683

lxi. An Act for repairing the Parish Church of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, and rebuilding the Tower thereof.

684

lxii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed for repairing the Roads from the Town of Selby to the Town of Leeds, and other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the Roads leading from Leeds to Halifax, and the Roads called Bowling Lane and Little Horton Lane, all in the West Riding of the County of York.

lxiii. An Act for more effectually improving the Roads from Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, through

(Local fy Personal)46° GEO. III.

to Austerlands, in the Parish of in the County of

York, and from Oldham to Ashton and from ham to the Village of Royton, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster. ... Page 684

lxiv., An Act for effecting an Exchange between the Right Honourable William Viscount Lowther and the Devises under the Will of the Right Honourable James late Earl of and to

enable the said William Viscount to enfranchise certain Copyhold or Customary Lands, Parcel or holden of certain Manors in the Counties of Westmorland and Cumberland, devised by the said Will, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

lxv. An Act for vesting certain Estates in or near Sweeting's, in the City of London, (Part of the Estates devised by the Wills of AnnCheslyn and Frances Cheslyn Spinsters,) in Trustees, in Trust, to sell the same; and for laying out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be . settled to the same Uses as the Estates so sold. Ibid.

lxvi. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Isle of Wight, in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

lxvii. An Act for better paving, lighting, cleansing, watching and . otherwise improving the City of Norwich. Ibid.

lxviii. An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the .f Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for rebuilding the Tower of the Parish Church of Peter, in the Borough and - Liberty of Saint Alban, in the County of together

with the Chancel thereof, and for more effectually repairing the said Parish Church. 685

lxix. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from

church to HUlmorton, in the County of Warwick, and from:

thence to Saint James's End, in the Parish of, in the County of Northampton.

lxx. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from the North West Parts of the County of Lincoln, through Fields, Wragby Lane and Baumber Fields, to the North East, Part of the said County, and other Roads therein described, in the said County.

lxxi. An Act for altering, amending and consolidating several Acts, so far as the same relate to the Road from to

Greenock, and from Kilbarchanto Inchinnan Bridge, in the County of Renfrew.:

lxxii. An Act for vesting certain Estates, devised by the Will of Sir George Samlle Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, and for

laying out the Purchase Money, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses. lxxiii. An Act for inclosing and embanking Lands in the Parishes of Llandwrog, Llanwnda and Llanfin the County of -

narvoji. Ibid.

lxxiv. An Act for opening and improving certain Streets in the City of Glasgow, and for removing the Slaughter Houses in the said City to a more convenient Situation. Ibid.

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

lxxv. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Harbour of Ardrossan, in the County of 'Ayr, to

near Glasgow, in the County of Lanark, and a collateral Cut

from the said Canal to the Coalworks at Hnrlet, in the County of Renfrew. Page 686

lxxvi. An Act to alter, explain, amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His late Majesty, to enable the Proprietors and Inhabitants of the Houses in Lion Square, in the County of Middles, to make a Rate on themselves for raising Money sufficient to inclose, pave, watch, clean and adorn the said Square. lxxvii. An Act for more effectually maintaining, regulating and employing the Poor within the Parish of Saint, in the

County of Middlesex, and for cleansing and lighting the Squares, Streets and other Passages and Places, and for keeping and regulating a nightly Watch within such Parts of the said Parish as are not within the Liberty of the Tower of London. Ibid.

lxxviii. An Act for allotting Lands in the Parishes of and

Billing ford, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

lxxix. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Saint Andrew Lord Saint John in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Purchase Monies arising therefrom, and the Purchase Monies of Part of the said Estates already sold under a Power of Sale, in paying off an Incumbrance upon such Estates, and for investing the Residue of such Monies, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the former Uses. Ibid.

lxxx. An Act for vesting certain Parts of the Estates, devised by the Will of the Right Honourable Marmaduke late Lord Lang-dale, in the County of York, and limited to other Uses by the Settlement made previous to the Marriage of the Honourable William Stourton with Catherine his Wife, in Trustees, upon Trust, to sell the same, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the subsisting Uses limited by the said Will and Settlement.

lxxxi. An Act for vesting several yearly Rents and Fines payable to the Lord Bishop of Durham, in Trustees, to be sold, and for enabling the Lord Bishop of Durham, and his Successors, to enfranchise certain Copyhold or Customary Estates holden of Manors belonging to the See of Durham, and for applying the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of Freehold Estates, to be settled upon the said Lord Bishop and his Successors. 687 lxxxii. An Act for vesting Part of the Real Estates devised by the Will and Codicils of Henry Lee Warner Esquire, deceased, in new Trustees, during the Term of Five hundred Years, upon certain Trusts, created by the said Will and Codicils, and for authorizing, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the High Court of Chancery, the Sale of Estates lately belonging to the said Henry Lee Warner, which are situate in the Counties of Wilts, Somerset, Northampton and Kent, and in the City and County of the City of Canterbury, and for applying the clear Surplus of the Purchase Monies under the Direction of the said Court, in the Payment of Debts and Incumbrances

affecting

(Local Sc Personal) 46° GEO. III.

affecting the Real Estates late of the said Henry Lee or in the Purchase of Estates in the County of to be

settled to the Uses of the Estates so sold. Page 687

lxxxiii. An Act to extend the Powers given to and vested in the Trustees of certain Lands in Maand in the County of Lancaster, called Clarke’s Charity by

an Act made in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An ~Aet to enable the Trustees of certain Lands in Manchester, Crumpsall and Tetlow, in the County of Lancaster, called Clarke’s Charity Lands, to make Leases for Years upon Rack Rents, and also to grant Building Leases, and

make Conveyances in Fee of and upon all or any Part of the

said Lands under reserved Yearly Rents. Ibid.

lxxxiv. An Act for enabling the Guardians of Francis Outrani, an Infant, or of the Persons for the time being entitled to the Freehold in Possession of the Moiety of certain Estates, situate in or near Ancoats Lane, Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, during their Minorities, to carry into Execution certain Contracts entered into with the several Persons therein named for Sale of Part thereof, and also for enabling such Guardians to convey the Residue in Fee Simple for building upon, reserving Rents or to make Building Leases thereof, or to join with the Owners for the Time being of the other Moiety of the same Estates in carrying into Execution such Contracts, and in making such Conveyances or Leases respectively, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. lxxxv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Griston, in the County of Norfolk. 688

lxxxvi. An Act for confirming and establishing a Division and Inclosure of the Open Fields in the Parish of Moundford, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

lxxxvii. An Act to explain, amend and render more effectual Two Acts, passed in the Twenty second and Thirty second Years of His late Majesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Town and Borough of and

, the several Parishes and Places in the said Acts mentioned. Ibid.

lxxxviii. An Act to explain, amend and extend the Powers and Provisions of an Act, passed in the Thirty first Year of His late Majesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Western Division of the Hundred of in the

County of Surrey. Ibid.

lxxxix. An Act for the better Relief, Maintenance and Employment of the Poor within the Parish of Saint Mary Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex; for cleansing and lighting the Squares and other Passages and Places, and keeping a Nightly Watch; for raising Money for repairing the Highways in certain Parts of the said Parish, and for raising Money to repair the Church of the said Parish. Ibid.

xc. An Act for altering and amending an Act, made in the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for watching, paving, cleansing and lighting the Parish of Saint Mary le hone, in the County of Middlesex, and for the better Relief and Maintenance of the

Poor thereof. Ibid.

xlvii

xlviii

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

xci. An Act to provide a Fund for repairing and improving the Harbour of Dunbar, and other Public Works within the Burgh of Dunbar. Page 689

xcii. An Act for improving the Birmingham Canal Navigation. Ibid.

xciii. An Act for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Croydon, Merjiham and Godstone Iron Railway to complete the same. Ibid.

xciv. An Act for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Surrey Iron Railway to complete the same. Ibid.

xcv. An Act for more effectually draining and preserving certain Fen Lands lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, between Brandon River and Sam’s Cut Drain. xcvi. An Act for altering, amending and rendering more effectual, Two Acts, of the Twenty second Year of King George the Second and the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, so far as relate to draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the Parishes of, Witcham

Chatteris, and a Place called Byal Feny in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, and for adding thereto certain other Fen Lands in Sutton and Chatteris, lying contiguous to the Lands described in the said Acts. Ibid.

XGvii. An Act to enable the several Persons therein named to dispose of several Houses in Picket Temple in the

Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex, and in Skinner Street, Snow Hill, and on Snow Hill, and in Fleet Market, in the Parish of Saint Sepulchre, in the City of London, by Lottery.

xcviii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the North Side of Cavendish Bridge, in the County of Derby, through the Town of to Brassington,

in the said County. 690

xcix. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from a certain Bridge, called James Deeping Stone Bridge, to Peters Gate, in Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, and from thence to the South End of the Town of Morcot, in the County of Rutland. Ibid.

c. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Fourth and Twenty fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the End of Lane, in the

Parish of Romsey, to the Turnpike Road at Middle Wallop, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Southampton.

ci. An Act for amending and repairing of the Road leading from the Town of Kilcullen, in the County of to the Town

of Carlow. Ibid.

cii. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road leading from the West End of the Town of in the County of Buckingham, to within Half a Mile of the River Colne near Uxbridge, in the County of . Ibid.

(LocalSf Personal)46° GEO. III.

.ciii'. An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts, passed in the Thirty second Year of King George the Second, and in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein described, so far as the said Acts relate to the District of Road between Patele and Grassington, in the County of York. Page 690

civ. An Act for effecting the Sale of certain-Real Estates, and of certain Leasehold Tythes, late of Charles Esquire, de-

ceased, and for applying the Purchase Monies in discharge of Incumbrances, and for laying out the Surplus, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the former Uses. 691

cv. An Act for ascertaining the Farms and Lands in the Parish of Inglishcombe, in the County of Somerset, of which the Great Tythes shall be paid to, or taken by, the Vicar for the time being of that Parish. Ibid.

cvi. An Act for vesting Part of the devised Estates of Thomas Scrope, of Coleby, in the county of , Esquire, deceased,

in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the clear Purchase Monies, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses.

cvii. An Act for inclosing and draining Lands in the Honor, Manor and Parish of Wormegay, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

cviii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of in the

County of Westmorland. Ibid.

cix. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of in the

County of Westmorland. Ibid.

Cx. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish in the

County of Bedford. 692

cxi. An Act for extinguishing all Right of Common over certain Parcels of Land in the Parish of Chiswick, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

cxii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Holme Cultram, in the County of Cumberland. Ibid.

cxiii. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for the further Improvement of the Port of by making Docks

and: other Works at Blackwall, for the Accommodation of the Last India Shipping in the said Port. cxiv. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Townships of Stockport and and

within the Hamlets of Edgeley and, all in the County

Palatine of Chester. 712

cxv. An Act for continuing and amending several Acts of Parliament for improving the Port, Harbour and Town of

haven, in the County of Cumberland. Ibid.

cxvi. An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing and watching the Burgh of Paisley, and Suburbs thereof; for improving and forming certain Streets, and erecting a Bridewell or Workhouse . therein,; and for regulating the Police and Markets. Ibid.

cxvii. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act 7 " passed in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for w Vol. III. c paving

xlix

The TITLES of the STATUTES;

paving the Footways and Passages in the Town of in the County of Gloucester, and for better cleansing and lighting the said Town, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein. 713

cxviii. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the Town of Daventry, in the County of and for re-

gulating the Market there; and for enabling the Bailiff, Burgesses and Comifionalty of the Borough of to purchase the Moot Hall, and to rebuild the same. cxix. An Act for supplying with Water the Inhabitants of

sington, Hammersmith, Brentford, Battersey, Putney, Richmond and several other Parishes and Places in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey. cxx. An Act to alter and amend the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the Forth and Clyde Navigation. cxxi. An Act for improving the Navigation of the River

in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

cxxii. An Act for altering, amending and rendering more effectual, an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Ouse, in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

cxxiii. An Act for altering and enlarging the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, for making and constituting a new Parish by the Name of The Parish of Saint George, on the Ground adjoining the City of Dublin therein described, and for erecting and building a Parish Church therein. 714 *

cxxiv. An Act to enable the Vestrymen of the Parish of

Mary le bone, in the County of Middlto provide an additional Cernetery or Burial Ground for the said Parish, and to erect a Chapel therein, and also other Buildings and Conveniences for the Residence of a Clergyman, Clerk and Sexton, and for other Purposes relating thereto. cxxv. An Act for altering and enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Forty second and Forty fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, maintaining, watching, lighting and watering several Roads, to communicate with the West India Docks in the Isle o f Dogs, in the County of Middlesex, and also of several Acts lor repairing the Cannon Street Road in the said County; and also for making, maintaining, watching, lighting and watering a new Branch, to communicate with the East India Docks. Ibid.

cxxvi. An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, passed in the Third and Fifteenth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Newmarket, over Newmarket Heath, to the Turnpike Road leading to Stump Cross, in the Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk, and other Roads mentioned in the said Acts.

cxxvii. An Act for more effectually improving the Roads leading to and from the Port, Harbour and Town of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland.

cxxviii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of in

the County of Bedfords. Ibid.

{Local fy Personal)46° GEO. III.

cxxix. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of in

the County of Bedford. Page 714?

cxxx. An Act for rebuilding the Court House and Butter Market House of the Town of Croydon in the County of Surrey, for providing an additional Burial Ground, and for selling certain Waste Lands belonging to the said Parish. 715

cxxxi. An Act for exchanging Part of the Fee Simple Estate of the Honourable Thomas Brand, in the County of for other his settled Estates in the said County of, and in

the Counties of Essex, Cambridge and, and in the City

of London.

cxxxii. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for rendering more commoand for better regulating the Port of London, so far as the same relates to the Compensations to be made by certain Commissioners therein named.

cxxxiii. An Act for enabling the Commissioners acting in Execution of an Agreement made between the East India Company and the private Creditors of the Nabobs of the, the

better to carry the same into Effect. 730

cxxxiv. An Act for ornamenting and embellishing the Centre or Area of Bloomsbury Square, in the Parish of Saint George Bloomsbury, in the county of , and for preventing

Hackney Coaches standing or plying for Hire in and near the said Square. Ibid.

cxxxv. An Act to alter, amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty first Year of His present Majesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Liberties of Beve, in the County of York. Ibid.

cxxxvi. An Act for supplying the City and Suburbs of Glasgow with Water. Ibid.

cxxxvii. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from a Place called Elm, in the Tewkesbury Turnpike Road, through Cheltenham, to Elston Church, and other Roads therein mentioned in the County of Gloucester. 731

cxxxviii. An Act for assessing the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Caithness, towards the Expence of supporting such Roads and Bridges therein as shall be approved of by the Commissioners for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland. Ibid.

cxxxix. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Third and Twenty fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Barnstaple, in the County of Devon. Ibid.

cxl. An Act for appointing new Trustees of certain Estates in the County of Lincoln, and for authorizing the Application of Part of the Rents and Profits thereof, and of other Estates, towards the Augmentation of the Stipends of the Curates of the late Collegiate Church of Saint John of Beverley, in the County of

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

York, and for appointing another Assistant Curate of the said Church, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. Page 731 cxli. An Act for raising, by Sale or Mortgage, a Sum of Money sufficient to pay off and discharge certain Incumbrances affecting certaing Estates mentioned in a Deed of Settlement, bearing Date the Eleventh Day of September One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, made on the Intermarriage of James O' Reilly, of Baltrasna, in the county of , Esquire, and

Henrietta Nugent, his Wife; and for the more effectually carrying into Execution the Trusts of said Deed, and of certain other Deeds therein and herein particularly mentioned. Ibid.

cxlii. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Sir Edward Denny Baronet, of Tralee, in the County of Kerry, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of certain Incumbrances affecting the same, under the Directions of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. cxliii. An Act for enabling the Trustees of certain Charity Lands at Deptford, in the County of Kent, to grant Building Leases thereof. 732

cxliv. An Act for establishing and well governing the Charitable Institution, commonly called The Philanthropic Society, formed for the Protection of Poor Children, the Offspring of Convicted Felons; and for the Reformation of Children who have themselves been engaged in Criminal Practices; and for incorporating the Subscribers thereto, and for the better empowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful Designs. Ibid.

cxlv. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads leading from Maidenhead Bridge to Reading, and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge, in the County of . Ibid.

cxlvi. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Susannah Harriott Eyre the Wife of William Eyre Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Purchase Money in paying off Incumbrances and Charges upon such Estates, and for laying out the Residue of the Purchase Monies in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the former Uses. Ibid.

cxlvii. An Act for enabling a married Person to hold and enjoy the Office of Warden of Wadham College, in the University of Oxford. Ibid.

THE

THE

STATUTES AT LARGE.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Britanniarum Regis, Quadragesimo quinto.

* AT the Parliament begun and holden at , the

4 Sixteenth Day of November, Anno Domini One thousand

eight hundred and two, in the Forty third Year of the

4 Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland,

4 King, Defender of the Faith; and from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the Fifteenth Day of. January One thousand eight hundred and five; being the third Session of the Second Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP. I.

An Act for continuing [a) and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon'Malt, in Great, for the Service of

the Year One thousand eight hundred and five.

[7th February 1805.] (a) [Until June 24, 1806. — This Act is the same as 44 3.

c. 16. except as to Dates. — As to, see c. 22

CAP. II.

An Act for continuing (b)and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates in England; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco and Snufi£ in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and five.

[7th February 1805.]

(A) [Until March 25, 1806. — In all other respects (the Dates) this Act is similar to 44 G. 3. c. 17.

CAP. III.

An Act to remedy certain Omissions in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Belief of certain Insolvent Debtors. (a) [7 th February 1805.]

(a) [44 G. 3. c. 108., but which is expired. See 1 G. 4. 119.

3 G. 4. c. 123.

CAP. IV.

An Act to continue, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for continuing an Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or 45 Geo. III. B Governors

EXP.

2

CU, 5.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such Persons as he or they shall suspect for conspiring against His Majesty's Person and Government.

[22d February 1805.] [The Act4<4 G.3. c. 8. recited, and the several Provisions

therein re-enactedi]

43 G.s. c. 99. §4 — 7.

Benchers may act as Commissioners for the Inns of Court; and Officers acting in the Execution of the Land Tax may act as Commissioners for Whitehall and St. James’s.

Persons residing in certain Parishes may act as Commissioners for Middlesex or Westminster.

Indemnity for having acted in

CAP. V.

An Act for explaining and amending an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for consolidating certain of the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the same, so far as relates to the Power of acting as Commissioners in certain Districts.

[22d February 1805.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for consolidating certain of the Provisions contained any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the Management ‘ missioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the,

the Commissioners appointed to carry into Execution the said Act, and other Acts to be executed under the Regulations thereof, are required to possess certain Qualifications therein mentioned, and to be resident in the District for which they act-;

‘ and it is expedient to remove the said restrictions in the Cases <herein mentioned May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Acts shall not be construed to restrain any Bencher of any of the Inns of Court from acting as such Commissioner for such Inn of Court, and the Inns belonging thereto, whether of Law or Equity; nor any of the Officers who, by virtue of their Offices, have heretofore acted in the Execution of the Land Tax Act, from acting as such Commissioner in the Liberty of the Palaces of Whitehall and Saint James’s; and no other Qualification shall be required of any such Bencher or Officer aforesaid, than the Possession of such Places or Offices respectively, and who respectively shall and may act therein, although they shall not be resident within the District for which they shall act.

II. And be it further enacted, That Persons residing in either

of the Parishes of Saint Clements, Saint Mary le,

or Saint John the Baptist, in the Liberty of the, Parts

thereof being situate in the County of Middlesex and other Parts in the City and Liberty of Westminster, being specially named and appointed Commissioners for the said County of, or for

the said City and Liberty of Westminster, and being duly qualified as directed by the said first mentioned Act, may act as such Commissioners for any or all of the Divisions or Districts within the said Parishes, or any of them; any thing in the said first mentioned Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person hereby authorized to act as a Commissioner for the Districts before named, shall

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 5, 6, 7, 8. 5

be liable to any Penalty inflicted by the said first mentioned Act, Manner directed for having acted in the Execution thereof in the Manner in this tlus Act* Act directed; nor shall any Act by them done, according to the Regulations of this Act, in the several Inns of Court and the Liberty of the Palaces aforesaid, be impeached for or on Account of the Want of such Qualification as is required by the said Act, nor in any of the Districts mentioned in this Act, for or on Account of the Nonresidence in the Districts for which they act.

CAP. VI.

An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom EXP. as have omitted to quality themselves for Offices and Employments; and for extending the Times limited for those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and five, and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand eight hundred and five.

[22d February 1805.]

CAP. VII.

An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions by Loans or EXP. Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great, for the

Year One thousand eight hundred and five.

[22d February 1805.]

CAP. VIII.

An Act for amending an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting additional Annuities to the Proprietors of Stock created by Two Acts, passed in the Thirty seventh and Forty second Years of His present Majesty.

[1st March 1805.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for 37 G. 3. c. 10.

raising the Sum of Eighteen Millions by •way of Annuities: And 4 Whereas an Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting Annuities 42 G. 3. c. 8.

4 to satisfy certain Exchequer Bills, whereby certain Annuities were created, at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and were made Part of the Capital or Joint Stock

of Annuities created by the said first recited Act: And Whereas it was by the said first recited Act enacted, that, after Two 4 Years from the End of the then present War, and Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace thereupon, at any Period of Six Months, ending on the Fifth Day of, or the Tenth Day of October in any Year, it should and might be lawful for any Contributor, his, her or their Executors or Administrators,

4 Successors or Assigns, to make Application to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to have the said Annuities, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum thereby granted, redeemed or paid off, or converted into other Annuities,

4-

4*5° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

44 G. 3. C. 99.

Persons possessed of 5 per Cent. Annuities of 37 G.3. c. 10. and 42 G. 3. c. 8. and having signified their Election, to be paid off under 44 G.3. c. 99. on signifying to the Bank, before March 11, 1805, their Desire of taking the Benefit of this Act, shall be entitled to

18.

as therein after is mentioned, at his, her or their Election; and [that after Six Months previous Notice of such his, her or their 1 Intention, the said Annuities should be redeemed and paid off,

5 or converted into such Annuities accordingly: And Whereas the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, did,

* on the Eighth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and ninety six, resolve that the Sum of Eighteen Millions be raised by Annuities:and did also resolve that every Contributor to the said Sum of Eighteen Millions should, for every One hundred Pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to the principal Sum of One hundred and twelve Pounds Ten Shillings in Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per

* Annum, to commence from the Tenth Day of October One thousand seven hundred and ninety six, and to be irredeemable,

unless with the Consent of the Proprietors thereof, until the Expiration of Three Years from the Period at which the existing Annuities, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per

should be redeemed and paid off, or the Interest payable thereon reduced; that every Proprietor of the said Annuities should, at his Desire, on Three Months’ Notice, be entitled at any Period of Time, not less than Two Years after the End of the present War and Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace thereupon, to have the said Annuities redeemed, either by the Payment of One hundred Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of such Annuities, or of One hundred and thirty three Pounds Six 4 Shillings and Eight Pence Capital in the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, at the Option of such Proprietor: And Whereas an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting additional Annuities to the Proprietors of Stock created by Two Acts passed Thirty

seventh and Forty second Years of his present Majesty: And 4 Whereas certain of the Proprietors of Stock, created by the said Two first recited Acts, have in pursuance of the Provisions of the said last recited Act, taken Annuities granted by the said Act for such Stock: And Whereas certain of the other Proprietors of such Stock, to the Amount of Four Millions four hundred and forty eight thousand eight hundred and seventeen Pounds Four Shillings and Six Pence Capital Stock, did, on or before the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and four, signify to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England their Election to have the same paid off in Money on the Fifth Day of April next: And Whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made for redeeming and paying off the said Annuities by converting the same into other Annuities at the Option of such Proprietors on certain Terms:’ May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Persons and Bodies Politic and Corporate, possessed of any Capital Stock in the Annuities, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, granted by the said recited Acts of the Thirty seventh and Forty second Years aforesaid, who did, on or before the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and four, signify to

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 8.

3

the Governor and Company of the Bank of England their Elec- certain An-tion to have the same paid off in Money on the Fifth Day of nuities as herein April next, ' and who shall, by themselves or any Agents duly an- "enrioaeff thorized, further signify to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on or before the Eleventh Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, their Desire to take the Benefit of the Terms contained in this Act, shall, from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and five, be entitled to receive, for every One hundred Pounds of such Capital Stock, and in lieu thereof, so much Capital Stock either in the Consolidated Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, created by an Act made in the Twenty fourth Year

of His present Majesty, and several subsequent Acts, receiving thereon One Half Year's Dividend on the Fifth Day of Jidy One thousand eight hundred and five, or so much Capital Stock in Reduced Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds Centum per Annum, as shall be equal in Value to One hundred Pounds Sterling, together with such further Sum in the said last mentioned Capital Stock as shall be equal in Value to Ten Shillings Sterling on every One hundred Pounds of such Capital Stock in Reduced Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds Centum per Annum, the Interest whereon to commence from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and five; or to have any Proportion thereof in such Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, or of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum respectively, as shall be specified by any such Persons or Bodies Politic or Corporate respectively, at the Time of signifying such Desire to take the Benefit of the Terms of this Act as aforesaid; the Value of such several Annuities to be computed and taken on the average Price of such Annuities respectively, on the last Ten Days previous to the Twenty sixth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and five, on which any Transfer shall have been made in the said last mentioned Capital Stocks at the Bank of England, after making a Deduction of the Amount of the

Dividend due or accruing thereon; such Average as aforesaid to be settled and declared by the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank of England,

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any Persons, or P?r.son *

Bodies Politic or Corporate possessed of any such Five Pound per "benefit 6 Centum Annuities, and who shall have signified such Election as of this Act, aforesaid, shall not, on or before the said Eleventh Day of March Treasury may One thousand eight hundred and five, by themselves or any raise Money to Agents duly authorized, further signify to the Governor and pay off the Company of the Bank of England their Desire to take the Benefit aSSi 5"Tsoi, of the Terms contained in this Act, it shall be lawful for the *

Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to contract and agree with any Person or Persons, or Bodies Politic or Corporate, to contribute such Sums as shall be necessary to pay the same off on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and five, and to give for every One hundred Pounds in Money to be paid by such Person or Persons,

Bodies Politic or Corporate, on or before the Fifth Day of One thousand eight hundred and five, at the Bank of,

such Amount of Capital Stock, either in Annuities, after the Rate

6

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

C. 8.

The Five per Cent. Annuities granted under this Act shall be added to the Joint Stock of Five per Cents.

The Three per Cent. Reduced Annuities so granted shall be added to the Joint Stock of Three per Cents. Reduced.

Times of Payment of Annuities.

of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, or of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, or any Proportion of either of such Annuities, upon such and the like Terms and Conditions, and with such Benefits as are by this Act given to any Persons entitled to take the Benefit of this Act as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Annuities, after the

Rate of Five Pounds per Centum, to which any Persons or Bodies Politic or Corporate may become entitled under this Act, in lieu of any former Annuities, shall be deemed, reputed and taken to be One Capital or Joint Stock, and shall be added to and made Part of the Joint Stock of Annuities with, and shall be redeemable at the same Time and in like Manner as the Annuities carrying an Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per,

established by an Act, made in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and several subsequent Acts; and that all Persons and Corporations whatsoever, in Proportion to the Money to which they shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this Act, shall have or be deemed to have a proportional Interest and Share in the said Stock of Annuites at the Rate aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, to which any Persons or Bodies Politic or Corporate may become entitled by virtue of this Act, shall be added to the Joint Stock of Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, which, by an Act, made in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, were reduced from Four Pounds per Centum per Annum to Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and shall be deemed Part of the said Joint Stock of Annuities, subject nevertheless to Redemption by Parliament, in such Manner and upon such Notice as in the several Acts by which the said Annuities, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum were respectively granted, are directed in respect of the Annuities redeemable by virtue thereof; and that all Persons and Corporations whatsoever, in Proportion to the Annuities to which they shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this Act, shall have and be deemed to have a proportional Interest and Share in the said Joint Stock of Annuities at the Rate aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That all such Annuities shall be payable Half yearly at the Bank of England, at the most usual Days of Payment in the Year for such respective Annuities; that is to say, the Fifth Day of January and the Fifth Day of July in every Year for and in respect of the said several Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum; and the Fifth Day of April and the Tenth Day of October in every Year for and in respect of the said several Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum; the First Payment on the said several Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum to be due on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and five, and on the said Reduced Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum on the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and five; and that all Persons and Corporations entitled to any such Annuity or Annuities aforesaid, and his, her and their Administrators, Successors and

A.D. 1805.

45° GEO. III.

0 8.

7

Assigns respectively, and all Persons and Corporations lawfully claiming under him, her or them, shall have good, sure, absolute and indefeasible Estates and Interests in the said respective Annuities, according to the true Tenor and Meaning of this Act, until the Redemption or Expiration thereof in the Manner herein directed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the said Annuities shall Annuities pay-

be charged and chargeable upon and payable out of the Consoli- ab, e out of the dated Fund of Great Britain, after paying, or reserving sufficient ^oljdated

to pay, all such Sums of Money as have been directed by any

former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same; and that the said several Annuities of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum and of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum respectively, shall be subject to Redemption by Parliament in Manner mentioned in this Act.

VII. And, for the more easy and sure Payment of the Annuities Bank to appoint established by this Act, it it hereby enacted, That the said Governor a Cashier and and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, Accountant, shall from time to time, appoint and employ One or more sufficient

Person or Persons within their Office in the City of, to be

their Chief or First Cashier or Cashiers, and One other Person or Persons within the same Office to be their Accountant General; and that so much of the Monies from time to time being in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the said Consolidated Fund, by this Act made applicable for the Purposes as shall be sufficient to answer the said Annuities, shall by the Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the time being, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf, from time to time, at the respective Days of Payment in this Act appointed, be issued and paid at the said Receipt of the Exchequer, to the First or Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors for the time being, by Way of Imprest, and upon Account for the Payment of the said Annuities; and that such Cashier or Cashiers, to whom the said Monies shall from time to time be issued, shall from time to time, without Delay, apply and pay the same accordingly, and render his or their Accounts thereof according to the due Course of the Exchequer.

VIII. And it is hereby also enacted, That the said Accountant Accountant

General for the time being shall, from time to time, inspect and General to in-examine all Receipts and Payments of the said Cashier or Cashiers, sPect Receipt, and the Vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any Fraud, may be *

Negligence or Delay. _ # transferred.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Capitals or Joint Stocks, or any Share or Interest in either of them, shall (except so far as by this Act is provided) be assignable and transferable as this Act directs and not otherwise; and that there shall constantly be kept in the Office of the Accountant General for

the time being, within the City of Lond, a Book or Books, wherein all Assignments or Transfers of the said respective Capitals or Joint Stocks, or any Part thereof, and the proportional Annuities attending the same, at the Rates aforesaid, shall be entered and registered; which Entries shall be conceived in proper Words for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Parties making such

8

C. 8.

45° GEO. III.

A.D. 1805.

Transfers free from Stamp Duty.

Annuities to be deemed Personal Estate.

The Bank to continue a Corporation for the Purposes of this Act.

Treasury to reward the Bank for their Service in the Execution of this Act.

Assignments or Transfers, or if any such Party or Parties be absent, by his, her or their Attorney or Attornies thereunto lawfully authorized by Writing under his, her or their Hands and Seals, to be attested by Two or more credible Witnesses; and that the Person or Persons to whom any such Transfer shall be made, shall respectively underwrite his or their Acceptance thereof; and that no other Method of assigning or transferring the said respective Capitals or Joint Stocks, and the Annuities attending the same, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, shall be good and available in Law; and that no Stamp Duties whatsoever shall be charged on the said Transfers, or any of them: Provided always, that all Persons possessed of any Share or Interest in any of the said several Joint Stocks of Annuities, or any Estate or Interest therein, may devise the same by Will in Writing, attested by Two or more credible Witnesses; but that no Payment shall be made upon any such Devise until so much of the said Will as relates to such Estate, Share or Interest be entered in the respective Offices; and that in Default of such Transfer or Devise as aforesaid, such Share, Estate or Interest, shall go to the Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall be entitled to any of the Annuities hereby granted, and all Persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be possessed thereof as of a Personal Estate, which shall not be descendible to Heirs, nor liable to any foreign Attachment by the Custom of London or otherwise; any Law, Statute or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said

Governor and Company of the Bank of, , and their Successors, notwithstanding the Redemption of all or any of their own Funds, in pursuance of the Acts for establishing the same, or any of them, shall continue a Corporation for the Purposes of this Act, until all the said Annuities shall be redeemed as aforesaid; and the said Governor and Company, or any Member thereof, shall not incur any Disability for or by reason of his or their doing any Matter or Thing in pursuance of this Act.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, shall have Power, and they are hereby authorized, out of the said Consolidated Fund, to reward all such Persons as shall be any ways employed in the Execution of this Act, for their Service, Pains and Labour; and also to defray such incident Charges as shall necessarily attend the same; and also to settle and appoint such Allowances as they shall think proper for the Service, Pains and Labour of the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of

England, for receiving, paying and accounting for the said Annuities made payable by this Act; and also for the Service, Pains and Trouble of the said Accountant General of the said Governor and Company, for performing the Duty and Trust incumbent on or reposed in him by this Act; all which Allowances to Jbe made as aforesaid in respect of the Service, Pains and Labour of any Officer or Officers of the said Governor and Company, and at

their

C. 8, 9, 10.

9

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III.

their Disposal only; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons In Action for shall at any time or times be sued, molested or prosecuted for executing Act, any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing therein contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the General Issue. Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their Action, or be nonsuited, or Judgment shall be given against him or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Treble Costs. Costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

---

CAP. IX.

An Act for allowing Vessels employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery, to complete their full Number of Men at certain Ports for the present Season.

[1st March 1805.]

EXP.

CAP. X.

An Act for making further Provision for the effectual Performance of Quarantine.

[12th March 1805.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty,

[39 & 40 G. 3. c. 80.]

intituled An Act for erecting a Lazaret on Chetney Hill, the County of Kent, and for reducing into One Act the Laws relating to Quarantine, and for making further Provisions therein, and by other Acts antecedent thereto, Provision was made as well for purchasing Lands for erecting a Lazaret, as for defraying the Expences of building the same, and for maintaining a proper Establishment of Officers necessary for enforcing a due Performance of Quarantine; in pursuance of which, Lands were purchased at Chetney Hill, in the county of , and Progress was made in the Erection of a Lazaret there; but the Funds granted by the said Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty having been found insufficient for completing the same, and for the Payment of competent Salaries to the Officers who were to have the Charge thereof, and other necessary Expences attendant on the Quarantine Service, according to the Plan which had been approved of and directed by His Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, a further Sum was granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament: And Whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made for a due Application of the same; Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

---

That it shall and may be lawful for the Lords Commissioners Treasury shall

of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the give Directions

Lord High Treasurer for the time being, from and after the Com- for completing

mencement of this Act, to give Directions for completing the said and

Lazaret, upon the said Lands so purchased on Chetney , in officers°&c

the

10

C. 10.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Floating Lazarets provided until Lazaret completed.

Duties by Owners of Vessels performing Quarantine.

Duties.

the County of Kent, with all necessary and convenient Accommodations for the Purpose of performing Quarantine, according to the Plan which has been approved of and directed by His Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, or to such other Plan as His Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, may from time to time approve and direct; and for defraying the Expences attending the same, to cause any Part of the Money so granted to be issued when it shall be necessary for the said Service; and the said Lazaret, when completed, and all the Buildings and Accommodations thereto belonging, shall be under the Management, Order and Direction of such Officers as shall be appointed by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, for keeping the same fit and ready for the Reception of Persons and Goods, and for their due Performance of Quarantine; and such Officers respectively shall have such Salaries as shall from time to time be appointed by His Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council; and the Salaries of the said Officers, and all contingent Expences, shall be defrayed out of the Funds, and in the Manner in which the Charges and Expences of performing Quarantine are at present defrayed, until such Time as a Revenue shall be raised sufficient for those Purposes, in the Manner hereinafter mentioned. [Commissioners of Customs

may appoint Superintendants of Quarantine, 50 G. 3. c. 20.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That until the said Lazaret shall be in a State fit and proper to be used, it shall and may be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to provide One or more Floating Lazarets, which shall be used for all the Purposes for which the said Lazaret is intended by this Act; and all the Rules, Regulations and Provisions in this Act contained, shall be deemed and taken, for all Intents and Purposes, to be applicable to such Floating Lazaret or Lazarets, until the Lazaret on Shore shall, by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, and by Order of the same, notified by Proclamation, or published in the London Gazette, have been declared to be fit for the due Performance of Quarantine therein.

III. And Whereas it is reasonable that the Owners of Ships,

Vessels and Cargoes, which in future shall have to perform Qua-

rantine, should defray the Charge incurred thereby Be it further enacted, That there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the several and respective Duties of Customs hereinafter mentioned; that is to say,

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel, which Ship or Vessel, or the Cargo of which or any Part whereof shall have performed Quarantine in any Port or Place in Great Britain, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or and

which shall have arrived from any Part of Turkey, or from any Port or Place in Africa, within the Streights of Gibraltar, or in the West Barbary on the Atlantic Ocean, with a clean Bill of Health, Seven Shillings and Six Pence:

For every Ton Burthen of every such Ship or Vessel, which shall hare so arrived without a clean Bill of Health, Fifteen Shillings:

For

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III.

o« io *

a

For every Ton Burthen of every such Ship or Vessel, which Ship or Vessel, or the Cargo of which or any Part whereof shall have performed Quarantine in any Port or Place in Great, or

the Islands aforesaid, and which shall have arrived from any Port or Place whatever, (except from any Part of, or

from any Port or Place in Africa, within the Streights of Gibraltar, or in the West Barbary on the Atlantic Ocean,) with a clean Bill of Health, Three Shillings:

For every Ton Burthen of every such Ship or Vessel which shall have so arrived without a clean Bill of Health, Ten Shillings:

For every Ton Burthen of every such Ship or Vessel arriving in any Port or Place in Great Britain, or the Islands aforesaid, with a Cargo, which in Whole or in Part shall consist of Goods,

Wares or Merchandize, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Turkey, or of any Port or Place in Africa, within the Streights of Gibraltar, or in the West Barbary on the Atlantic Ocean, and which Ship or Vessel, or the Cargo of which or any Part whereof shall have performed Quarantine in any Port or Place in Great Britain, or the Islands aforesaid, and which shall have arrived from any Port or Place whatever, Seven Shillings and Six Pence.

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel which shall have so arrived under such Circumstances as shall induce His Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, or the Lords or others of the Privy Council, or any Three or more of them, under the Authority hereinafter given, to subject such Ship or Vessel to the like Quarantine as Ships arriving from Turkey with clean Bills of Health, Seven Shillings and Six Pence: [See

§ 1 2. post.']

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel which shall have so arrived under such Circumstances as shall induce His Majesty, by and with the Advice aforesaid, or the Lords or others of the Privy Council, or any Three or more of them as aforesaid, to subject such Ship or Vessel to the like Quarantine as Ships arriving from Turkey without clean Bills of Health, Fifteen Shillings:

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel, which Ship or Vessel, or the Cargo of which or any Part whereof shall have performed Quarantine in any Port or Place in Great Britain, or the Islands aforesaid, and which Ship or Vessel shall enter Inwards in the Port of London, an additional Duty of One Shilling:

All which several and respective Duties shall be raised, levied, Duties reco-collected and paid, and shall be sued for, recovered and accounted v£red 35 Duties for in the same Manner, and subject to the same Rules, Regula- of Customs* tions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as any Duties of Customs are now subject to by Law, as far as the same are applicable thereto:

Provided always, That no Ship or Vessel of War, or Transport Exemptions or other Ship or Vessel employed in the Service of His Majesty's from Duties. Government, nor any Ship or Vessel which shall not be bound to any Port or Place in Great Britain, or the Islands of Guernsey,

Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, and which shall have really put into any Port or Place in Great Britain, or the Islands aforesaid, in Distress; nor any Ship or Vessel which shall have been obliged

to

12

C. 10.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Duties may be reduced, and afterwards increased.

Ships not to clear inwards until Duties paid.

Tonnage computed as under 26 Gv3. c. 60.

to perform Quarantine only by Reason of having certain Goods, Wares and Merchandise on Board, and not producing the proper Declaration or Document as to their Growth, Produce or Manufacture; nor any Ship or Vessel arriving in any Port or Place in Great Britain, or the Islands aforesaid, with a clean Bill of Health,

from any Port or Place whatever, except from any Part of or from any Port or Place in Africawithin the Streights of Gibraltar, or in the West Barbary on the Atlantic Ocean, in Ballast, or whose Cargo shall consist wholly of Salt; nor any Ship or Vessel which shall, together with its Cargo, have duly performed Quarantine in the Lazarets of MAncona, Venice, Leghorn, or one of them, and shall sail from thence, and arrive at any Port or Place in Great Britain, or the Islands aforesaid, with proper Documents and Vouchers attesting the same, to the Satisfaction of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or of his or their Privy Council, shall be liable to or charged with any Duty under this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if after making good (in the Manner hereinafter mentioned) to the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, of the Sums of Sixty five thousand Pounds, granted by the Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, and of Thirty thousand Pounds, granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, or of so much thereof as shall be found necessary to issue for the Services aforesaid, it shall appear to the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, that the Duties hereby granted are more than sufficient to defray the Charges and Expences already incurred, and also such further Expences as may be necessary for carrying the several Purposes of this Act into Execution, it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners for the time being, from time to time, by any Warrant or Warrants under the Hands of the said Lord High Treasurer, or of the said Lords Commissioners for the time being, or of any Three or more of the said Lords Commissioners, to order and direct, that the Duties hereby granted shall be reduced in such Proportion and Manner as they shall think proper, and also by like Warrant or Warrants (in case the said necessary Expences shall afterwards require an Increase of the said Duties) to order and direct that the same shall be again raised and increased to any Amount not exceeding the Sums which have been before granted by Parliament as aforesaid; and such Warrant or Warrants shall be sufficient Authority to the Commissioners and Officers of the Customs, for raising, levying, collecting and recovering the several and respective Duties specified and contained in such Warrant or Warrants; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Ship or Vessel, upon

which the Tonnage Duty by this Act imposed shall be due and payable, shall be permitted to be cleared Inwards in any Port of Great Britain, or the Islands of Jersey, Alderney, Sark

or Man, unless the said Tonnage Duty shall have been first duly paid to the proper Officers of the Customs appointed to receive the same, or the Commissioners of the Customs shall otherwise direct; and that the Tonnage of every Ship or Vessel shall be computed and taken, for the Purpose of ascertaining the said

10 Duties,

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III.

CIO.

13

Duties, according to the Register thereof, under the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation; and in case of any Dispute or Doubt relative thereto, the same shall be ascertained by Admeasurement, in the Mode and Manner prescribed in the said last mentioned Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Ship Owners for the Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel, in respect of may recover which any of the Duties imposed by this Act shall have been paid, ^put*es of

to demand and recover from the respective Importers, Proprietors mPorters* or Consignees of any Goods or Merchandize brought or imported in any such Ship or Vessel, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be equal to the just and reasonable Contribution which the Proportion of Tonnage that such Goods and Merchandize bear to the Tonnage Burthen of the Ship shall require, and no more; such Proportion of Tonnage to be ascertained according to the Usage of Merchants in like Cases.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Monies arising from Duties carried the Duties hereby granted shall be paid into the Receipt of His to Consolidated Majesty's Exchequer, and carried to and made Part of the Con- Fund of Great solidated Fund of Great Britain; and that in the Office of the Britain. Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer there shall

be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Duties and paid into the said Receipt shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Money so raised, Duties to be levied, collected and paid, shall be applied in the first place to de- applied to Ex-fray the annual Expences of the said Floating Lazaret, and Land Pences of Lazaret, and all other annual Expences which shall be incurred in azaret *

the Execution of this Act; and in the next place to make good any Money that shall have been issued for purchasing the Lands on Chetney Hill, and for the erecting of the said Lazaret, and for

providing the necessary and convenient Accommodations thereto belonging, in Manner hereinbefore mentioned, and to no other Purpose whatsoever.

i IX. And Whereas it is expedient that the said hereinbefore recited Act, passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and every other Act or Acts heretofore passed concerning Quarantine, together with such further Provisions as are found to be necessary to be made in respect thereof, should be reduced into One Act; ’ Be it therefore enacted, That the said Act so passed in the Thirty ninth and 39 & 40G.S. Fortieth Years of the Reign of His said present Majesty, as afore- c-80' and said, be repealed; and that every other Act or Acts heretofore ot!ier. Acts passed, in so far as the same do or may be deemed or construed to Quarantine relate to the Performance of Quarantine, shall be and the same are repealed excep hereby repealed; save and except so much of the said Act passed as to Arrears in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present of Duty, &c. Majesty as relates to the Repeal of former Acts, and to the Payment and recovering of any Duties imposed by the said Act, which shall be due and unpaid at the Time of passing this Act,

and

u

c. io.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

What Ships, &c. liable to Quarantine.

Persons on board such Ships obliged to perform Quarantine, as by Order in Council.

and also save and except as to any Offence or Offences done or committed before the passing of this Act, by any Person or Persons, against any Law concerning Quarantine; and as to any Fine, Penalty, Forfeiture or Punishment, Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures or Punishments, to which any such Person or Persons may be liable by reason of the same; and also as to any Action, Suit, Prosecution or other Proceeding brought or commenced, or which shall hereafter be brought or commenced, for or on account of any such Offence or Offences so done or committed as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Ships and Vessels, as well His Majesty's Ships of War as all others, coming from or having touched at any Place from whence His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, shall have adjudged and declared it probable that the Plague, or any other infectious Disease or Distemper, highly dangerous to the Health of His Majesty's Subjects, may be brought; and all Ships, Vessels and Boats receiving any Person, Goods, Wares and Merchandize, Packets, Packages, Baggage, Wearing Apparel, Books, Letters or any other Articles whatever, from or out of any Ships or Vessels so coming from or having touched at such infected Place as aforesaid, whether such Persons, Goods, Wares and Merchandize, Packets, Packages, Baggage, Wearing Apparel, Books, Letters or other Articles, shall have come or been brought in such Ships or Vessels, or such Persons shall have gone, or Articles have been put on board the same, either before or after the Arrival of such Ships or Vessels at any Port or Place in Great Britain, or the Islands of,

Sark or Man, and whether such Ships or Vessels were or were not

bound to any Port or Place in Great Britain or the Islands aforesaid; and all Persons, Goods, Wares and Merchandize, Packets, Packages, Baggage, Wearing Apparel, Books, Letters or any other Articles whatever, on board of any such Ships or Vessels so coming from or having touched at such infected Place as aforesaid, or on board of any such Receiving Ships, Vessels or Boats as aforesaid, shall be and be considered to be liable to Quarantine within the Meaning of this Act, and of any Order or Orders which shall be made by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council concerning Quarantine, and the Prevention of Infection from the Time of the Departure of such Ships or Vessels from such infected Place as aforesaid, or from the Time when such Persons, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Packets, Packages, Baggage, Wearing Apparel, Books, Letters or other Articles shall have been received on board respectively; and all such Ships, Vessels and Boats as aforesaid, and all Persons, (as well Pilots as others,) Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and other Articles as aforesaid, whether coming or brought in such Ships, Vessels or Boats, from such infected, Place as aforesaid, or going, or being put on board the same, either before or after the Arrival of such Ships, Vessels or Boats, at any Port or Place in Great Britain, or the Islands aforesaid; and all Persons, Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and other Articles as aforesaid, on board any such Receiving Ship, Vessel or Boat, as aforesaid, shall, upon their Arrival at any such Port or Place, be obliged to perform Quarantine in such Place or Places, for such

Time

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 10.

15

Time and in such Manner as shall from time to time be directed by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, by his or their Order or Orders in Council, notified by Proclamation, or published in the London Gazette; and that until such Ships, Vessels and Boats Persons, Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and other Articles as aforesaid, shall have respectively performed and shall be duly discharged from such Quarantine, no such Person, Goods Wares or And not in the Merchandize, or other Articles as aforesaid, or any of them, shall, mean time to either before or after the Arrival of such Ships, Vessels or Boats, ^ne on at any Port or Place in Great Britain or the Islands aforesaid, come or be brought on Shore, or go and be put on board any other Ship, Vessel or Boat, in order to come or be brought on Shore, in any such Port or Place, although such Ships or Vessels so coming from such infected Place as aforesaid may not be bound to any Port or Place in Great Britain, or the Islands aforesaid, unless in such Manner and in such Cases, and by such Licence as shall be directed or permitted by such Order or Orders made by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in Council as aforesaid; and all such Ships, Vessels and Boats, whether coming from such infected Place as aforesaid, or being otherwise liable to Quarantine as aforesaid, and all Persons, (as well Pilots as others) , Goods,

Wares and Merchandize, and other Articles as aforesaid, whether coming or brought in such Ships, Vessels or Boats, or going or being put on board the same, either before or after the Arrival of such Ships, Vessels or Boats, at any Port or Place in Great Britain or the Islands aforesaid, and although such Ships, Vessels or Boats, shall not be bound to any Port or Place in Great Britain, or the Islands aforesaid, and all Commanders, Masters or other Persons having, the Charge or Command of any such Ships, Vessels or Boats, whether coming from any infected Place, or being otherwise iable to Quarantine, as aforesaid, shall be subject to all the Pro- An<* subject to visions, Rules, Regulations and Restrictions contained in this Act, ^•s^tor'of or in any Order or Orders which shall be made by His Majesty, orders in His Heirs and Successors, in Council as aforesaid, concerning Council. Quarantine and the Prevention of Infection; and to all the Pains,

Penalties, Forfeitures and Punishments, contained in this Act, for any Breach or Disobedience thereof, or of any Order or Orders of His Majesty in Council, made under the Authority thereof.

XI. And Whereas certain Sorts of Goods and Merchandize ‘ are more especially liable to retain Infection, and may be brought ‘ from Places infected into other Countries, and from thence im-‘ ported into Great Britain, or the Islands aforesaid Be it enacted,

That all such Goods and Merchandize as shall be particularly Goods or Ships specified for that Purpose in any Order or Orders made by His specified in any Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in Council, concerning Quaran- 91r<^erf Countine and the Prevention of Infection as aforesaid, which shall be gub'ect to brought or imported into any Port or Place in Great Britain or Quarantine, the Islands aforesaid, from any foreign Country or Place, in any Ship or Vessel whatever, and the Ships or Vessels in which the same shall be brought, and also all Ships and Vessels which shall arrive from any Port or Place whatever under any alarming or suspicious Circumstances as to Infection, shall be subject and liable to such Regulations and Restrictions as shall be made by such Order or Orders of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in Council as aforesaid, respecting the same.

16

C. 10.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Privy Council may make such Orders as they shall think necessary upon Emergencies, respecting Ships or Goods;

and in case of infectious Disease appearing in Great Britain;

and for mitigating Quarantine.

Regulations for Vessels in which Infection shall appear, within or without the Streights of Gibraltar, previous to the Lazaret at Chetney Hill being completed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lords and others of His Majesty's Privy Council, or any Three or more of them, to make such Order as they shall see necessary and expedient upon any unforeseen Emergency, or in any particular Case or Cases with respect to any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, arriving and having any infectious Disease or Distemper on board, or on board of which any infectious Disease or Distemper may have appeared in the Course of the Voyage, or arriving under any other alarming or suspicious Circumstances as to Infection, although such Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, shall not have come from any Place or Places from which His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, may have adjudged and declared it probable that the Plague, or any such infectious Disease or Distemper may be brought, and also with respect to the Persons, Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and other Articles as aforesaid, on board the same; and in case of any infectious Disease or Distemper appearing or breaking out in Great Britain or the Islands aforesaid, to make such Orders, and give such Directions, in order to cut off all Communication between any Persons infected with any such Disease or Distemper and the rest of His Majesty's Subjects, as shall appear to the said Lords or others of His Majesty's Privy Council, or any Three or more of them, to be necessary and expedient for that Purpose; and likewise to make such Orders as they shall see fit for shortening the Time of Quarantine to be performed by particular Ships or Vessels, or particular Persons, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or any other Articles, or for wholly releasing particular Ships or Vessels, or particular Persons, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or other Articles from Quarantine, absolutely or conditionally; and generally to mitigate the strict Performance of Quarantine in particular Cases, as special Circumstances shall appear, in their Judgment, to require; and all such Orders so made by the Lords or others of the Privy Council, or any Three or more of them as aforesaid, shall be as good, valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, (as well with respect to, the Commander, Master or other Person having the Charge of any such Ship or Vessel, and all other Persons on board the same, as with respect to any other Persons having any Intercourse or Communication with them, and to the Penalties, Forfeitures and Punishments, to which they may respectively become liable) , as any Order or Orders made by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, concerning Quarantine, and the Prevention of Infection as aforesaid, and notified by Proclamation or published in the London Gazette.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Plague, or such

other infectious Disease or Distemper as aforesaid, shall appear on board any Ship or Vessel within the Streights of, the

Commander, Master or other Person having Charge thereof, shall immediately proceed to some one of the [foreignj-] Lazarets, and there perform Quarantine, until such Time as the Land Lazaret to be erected as aforesaid shall, by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, and by Order of the same, notified by Proclamation, or published in

f Sic. [See § 22. post,] ,

the

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 10.

17

the London Gazette, have been declared to be fit for the due Performance of Quarantine therein; but if such Plague, or other such infectious Disease or Distemper as aforesaid, shall appear on board any Ship or Vessel without the Streights of Gibraltar, then the Commander, Master or other Person having the Charge or Command thereof, shall (unless such Land Lazaret shall have been so declared to be fit for the due Performance of Quarantine therein) immediately proceed to the Harbour of Saint Helen s, Teanand Noiih Withel, being Two of the Islands commonly called The Islands of Scilly, or to such other Place as His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, shall from time to time direct and appoint; where being arrived he shall make known his Case to some Officer of the Customs there, who shall immediately acquaint the Governor, Deputy Governor or other principal Magistrate thereof, and also the principal Officer of the Customs at some Port in England near thereunto; and the said principal Officer of the Customs at such near Port in England shall with all possible Speed send Intelligence thereof to the Commissioners of the Customs in the Port of London; and the said Governor, Deputy Governor or other principal Magistrate shall, in like Manner, with all possible Speed, send Intelligence thereof to the Privy Council, to the End that such Measures may be taken for the Comfort and Support of the Crew and Passengers on board such Ship so infected, and such Precautions used to prevent the spreading of the Infection, as the Case shall require; and the said Ship or Vessel shall there remain until Directions shall be given relative thereto by the Lords or others of His Majesty's Privy Council, or any Three or more of them; nor shall any of the Crew or Passengers on board thereof go on Shore; but in case the said Commander, Master or other Person having Charge of the said Ship or Vessel so infected, shall not be able to make the said Islands of, or other Place so appointed by His Majesty as aforesaid, or shall be forced by Stress of Weather or otherwise to go up either of the Channels, it shall not be lawful for him to enter with such Ship or Vessel into any other Port or Place in Great Britain, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sarlc or Man, but he shall remain in some open Road till he receives Directions relative thereto from the Privy Council, and he shall use every necessary Means in his Power to prevent any of the Ship’s Company or Passengers from going out of his Ship, and to avoid all Intercourse with other Ships, Vessels or Persons and such Ship’s Company or Passengers shall, until such Commander, Master or other Person shall have received such Directions, remain in such Ship, and shall avoid all Intercourse with other Ships, Vessels or Persons; and such Master, and every other Person on board such Ship or Vessel, shall obey such Directions as he shall receive from the Lords or others of His Majesty's Privy Council, or any Three or more of them as aforesaid; and the said Commander, Master or any other Person on board such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, who shall not act conformably to the Provisions and Regulations herein directed, or shall act in Disobedience to such Directions as shall be received on board such Ship or Vessel from the Lords or others of the Privy Council, or any Three or more of them as aforesaid, shall 4.5 Geo. III. C be

Until Masters of Ships liable to Quarantine receive Directions from the Privy Council, Crew and Passengers are to avoid intercourse with other Ships, &c.

13

C. 10.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Death.

Masters of Ships liable to Quarantine to make Signals on meeting other Ships at Sea, or being within Four Leagues of the United Kingdom or Guernsey, &c.

Penalty 2001.

Hoisting Signals when not liable.

Penalty 2001.

Masters of Vessels, on Arrival from foreign Parts, to give to Pilots an Account of the Places at which they shall have laden and touched.

Penalty 2001.

be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Commander, Master or other Person having the Charge of any Ship or Vessel liable to the Performance of Quarantine, shall be and is hereby required at all Times when such Ship or Vessel shall meet with any other Ship or Vessel at Sea, or shall be within Four Leagues of the Coast of Great Britain or Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, to hoist a Signal to denote that his Ship

or Vessel is liable to the Performance of Quarantine; which Signal shall be, in the Day Time, if the said Ship or Vessel shall have a clean Bill of Health, a large yellow Flag of Six Breadths of Bunting at. the Main Topmast Head; and if such Ship or Vessel shall not have a clean Bill of Health, then a like yellow Flag, with a circular Mark or Ball entirely Black in the Middle thereof, whose Diameter shall be equal to Two Breadths of Bunting; and in the Night Time the Signal shall in both Cases be a large Signal Lan-thorn, with a Light therein, (such as is commonly used on Board His Majesty's Ships of War) , at the same Mast Head; and such Commander, Master or other Person, shall keep such Signals respectively, as the Case shall be, hoisted during such Time as the said Ship shall continue within Sight of such other Ship or Vessel, or within Four Leagues of the said Coasts or Islands, and while so in Sight, or within such Distance, until such Ship or Vessel so liable to Quarantine as aforesaid shall have arrived at the Port or Place where it is to perform Quarantine, and until it shall have been legally discharged from the Performance thereof; on Failure whereof such Commander, Master or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel so liable to the Performance of Quarantine, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds. [See further Directions as to

using Signals, 4?6 G. 3. c. 98. § 1.]

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Commander, Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel, and knowing that the same is not liable to the Performance of Quarantine, shall hoist such Signals as aforesaid, or either of them, by Day or Night respectively, such Commander, Master or other Person as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six, as to all Ships or Vessels arriving from any Places beyond the Cape of Good

Hope, or Cape Horn, in South America; and after the First Day

of August One thousand eight hundred and five, as to all Ships or Vessels arriving from any Parts of Africa or America, not beyond those Capes, and from the West Indies and Mediterranean; and from and after the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and five, as to all Ships and Vessels arriving from any other Places; every Commander, Master or other Person having the Charge of any Ship or Vessel coming from foreign Parts, shall give to the Pilot who shall go on board such Ship or Vessel a written Paper, containing a true Account of the Names of the Place and Country at which such Ship or Vessel shall have loaded, and also of all the Places at which any such Ship or Vessel shall have touched on the homeward Voyage, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of

Two

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 10.

19

Two hundred Pounds for any Neglect or Refusal to give such Paper, or for any false Representation or wilful Omission therein; and if by any Proclamation or Order of His Majesty in Council, made after the Departure of any such Ship or Vessel from Great,

and then in force, Ships and Vessels coming from any Place mentioned in any such Paper shall be liable to the Performance of Quarantine, such Pilot shall immediately give Notice thereof to the Commander or other Person aforesaid of such Ship or Vessel, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Fifty Pounds for any Neglect therein; and such Commander or other Person shall thereupon hoist a proper Signal according to the Provisions of this Act, and under the Penalties in this Act contained, for any Neglect or Refusal in respect of hoisting such Signals. to deliver

Account of Cargo to Pilot., 46 G. 3. c. 98. §2. — Commissioners of Customs to transmit to Officers at Ports, , of Pilots resid-

ing •within Limits thereof 52 G* 3. c. 39. § 65.]

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Pilot shall bring or conduct, or cause to be brought or conducted, any Ship or Vessel liable to the Performance of Quarantine, into any Place which is not, or which shall not be specially appointed for the Reception of Ships and Vessels so liable after receiving such Paper as aforesaid, whereby it shall have been made appear that such Ship or Vessel was liable to the Performance of Quarantine, or without requiring and receiving su.ch Paper as aforesaid of and from every such Commander, Master or other Person having the Charge of any Ship or Vessel coming from foreign Parts, unless compelled by Stress of Weather, adverse Winds or Accidents of the Sea, such Pilots shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XVIII. And, to the End that it may be the better known whether any Ship or Vessel be actually infected with the Plague, or other infectious Disease or Distemper as aforesaid, or whether such Ship or Vessel, or the Mariners or Passengers coming, or the Cargo ‘ imported in the same, are liable to any Orders touching Quaran-‘ tine Be it further enacted, That when any Country or Place shall be known to be, or suspected to be infected with the Plague, or other such infectious Disease or Distemper as aforesaid, or when any Order or Orders shall be made by His Majesty in Council concerning Quarantine, and the Prevention of Infection as aforesaid, then and in such Case, as often as any Ship or Vessel shall attempt to enter into any Port or Place in Great Britain, or of the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, A, Sark or Man, whether

such Port shall have been appointed for the Performance of Quarantine or not, the Superintendant of Quarantine, or his Assistant, if there shall be such Superintendant or Assistant at such Port or Place, or if not, the principal Officer of His Majesty's Customs at such Port or Place, or such Officer of the Customs as shall be authorized by the Commissioners of the Customs, or any Four or more of them, to act in that Behalf, shall go off to such Ship or Vessel, and shall, at a convenient Distance from such Ship or Vessel, demand of the Commander, Master or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel, and such Commander, Master or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel shall upon such Demand give a true Answer in Writing or otherwise, and upon

C 2 Oath

Pilots bringing Ships liable to Quarantine into Places not appointed for their Reception.

Penalty 1001.

For better ascertaining whether Ships be actually infected, or the Persons on board liable to Orders touching Quarantine, Masters shall answer Inquiries truly.

20

C. 10.

* 5n GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Penalty 2001.

Ships subject to Quarantine arriving at any Port (Exception) may be forced to repair to appointed Place.

Masters of Vessels having touched at infected Places, &c. omitting to disclose same, or to hoist Signals.

Death.

Commanders to deliver up Bills of Health, &c. to Superintendant of Quarantine.

Oath or not upon Oath, according as he shall by such Superintendant or his Assistant, or other Officer of the Customs authorised as aforesaid, be required, to all such Questions or Interrogatories as shall be put to him, by virtue and in pursuance of such Regulations and Directions as His Majesty, by Order in Council, shall be pleased to prescribe; and in case such Commander, Master or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall upon such Demand made as aforesaid, refuse to make a true Discovery in any of the Particulars concerning which he shall be interrogated in Manner aforesaid, or in case he shall not be required to answer such Questions or Interrogatories upon Oath, shall give a false Answer to any such Question or Interrogatory as aforesaid, such Commander, Master or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel, for every such Offence shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds. [Pilotor Master to bring to on request of Officer of Quarantine, 46 G. 3. c. 98. § 3.]

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall appear upon such Examination or otherwise, that such Ship or Vessel is under such Circumstances as shall render it liable to perform Quarantine, and that the Port or Place where it so arrives, or at which it attempts to enter as aforesaid, is not the Port or Place where it ought so to perform Quarantine, in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officers of any of His Majesty's Ships of War, or of any of His Majesty's Forts or Garrisons, and all other His Majesty's Officers, upon Notice thereof given to them or any of them respectively, and to and for any other Person or Persons whom they shall call to their Aid and Assistance, and such Officers and other Persons are hereby required, to oblige such Ship or Vessel to go and repair to such Place as hath been or shall be appointed for Performance of Quarantine, and to use all necessary Means for that Purpose, either by firing of Guns upon such Ship or Vessel, or by any other Kind of necessary Force whatsoever; and in case any such Ship or Vessel shall come from or shall have touched at any Place infected by the Plague, or such other infectious Disease or Distemper as aforesaid, or shall have any Person on board actually infected with the Plague, or such other infectious Disease or Distemper as aforesaid, and the Commander, Master or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel, knowing that the Place from whence he came, or at which he had touched as aforesaid, was infected with the Plague, or such other infectious Disease or Distemper, or knowing some Person on board to be actually infected with the Plague, or such other infectious Disease or Distemper as aforesaid, shall refuse or omit to disclose the same upon such Examination as aforesaid, or shall wilfully omit to hoist the Signal hereinbefore directed, to denote that his Ship or Vessel is liable to the Performance of Quarantine, at the Times and on the Occasions herein directed with respect to the same, such Commander, Master or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every Commander, Master or other Person having Charge of any Ship or Vessel which shall be ordered to perforin Quarantine as aforesaid, shall forthwith, after his Arrival at the Place appointed for the Performance of his Quarantine, deliver, on Demand, to the Superintendant of Quarantine,

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 10.

21

tine, or his Assistant, or other Officer of the Customs authorized as aforesaid to act in that Behalf, and which Superintendent, Assistant or other Officer as aforesaid, is hereby required to make such Demand, his Bill of Health and Manifest, together with his Log Book and Journal, under Pain of forfeiting the Sum of One hundred Pounds, if he shall wilfully refuse and neglect so to do.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Commander, Master or other Person having Charge of any Ship or Vessel liable to perform Quarantine, and on board of which the Plague, or other such infectious Disease or Distemper shall not then have appeared, shall himself quit, or shall knowingly permit or suffer any Seaman or Passenger coming in such Ship or Vessel to quit such Ship or Vessel by going on Shore, or by going on board any other Ship, Boat or Vessel, before such Quarantine shall be fully performed, unless in such Cases and by such proper Licence as shall be directed and granted, and by virtue of such Order or Orders to be made concerning Quarantine, and the Prevention of Infection as aforesaid; or in case any Commander, Master or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel shall not, within a convenient Time after due Notice given for that Purpose, cause such Ship or Vessel, and the Lading thereof, to be conveyed into the Place or Places appointed for such Ship, Vessel and Lading, to perform their Quarantine respectively, then and in every such Case every such Commander, Master or other Person as aforesaid, for ever}’ such Offence shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and if any Person coming in any Ship or Vessel liable to perform Quarantine (or any Pilot or other Person going on board the same, either before or after the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel at any Port or Place in Great Brit, or the Islands aforesaid) shall, either before or after such Arrival, quit such Ship or Vessel by going on Shore in any Port or Place in Great Britain or the Islands aforesaid, or by going on board any other Ship, Vessel or Boat, with Intent to go on Shore as aforesaid, before such Ship Vessel, so liable to Quarantine as aforesaid, shall be regularly discharged from the Performance thereof, it shall and may be lawful for all Persons whatsoever, by any Kind of necessary Force, to compel such Pilot or other Person so quitting such Ship or Vessel so liable to Quarantine, to return on board the same; and every such Pilot or other Person so quitting such Ship or Vessel so liable to Quarantine, shall for every such Offence suffer Imprisonment for the Space of Six Months, and shall forfeit, and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That when any Ship or Vessel which has performed Quarantine in any foreign Lazaret shall arrive in any of the Ports of Great Brit, or the Isles of,

Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, with a clean Bill of Health, no

Goods or Merchandize shall be permitted to be landed or unshipped, unloaded or moved, in order to be landed out of such Ship or Vessel; but the Commander, Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall immediately upon his Arrival give Notice thereof, and of the foreign Port or Ports in which such Ship or Vessel hath performed Quarantine, to the principal Officer of His Majesty's Customs at the Port where he shall arrive, or at the Port nearest thereto, in order

C 3 that

Penalty look

Masters, &c. quitting Vessels, or permitting Persons to quit, or not conveying Ships to appointed Places.

Penalty 5001. Persons coming in such Vessels, or going on board, quitting them before discharged.

Imprisonment and Penalty 2001.

No Goods landed from Vessels having performed Quarantine in a foreign Lazaret, without Notice to Officer of Customs, nor before Directions from Privy Council,

22

C. 10.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Penalty 2001.

Disobedience or refractory Behaviour in Persons under or liable to Quarantine, and Persons having Intercourse with then?;

and such Persons escaping or attempting to escape, or refusing to go to Lazaret.

that the same may be forthwith laid before His Majesty's Privy Council; and if the Commander, Master or other Person as aforesaid, or any Person whatsoever, shall land, or shall unship, unload or move, in order to land any Goods or Merchandize out of the said Ship or Vessel, before an Order of His Majesty's Privy Council shall be made, giving Directions therein, or otherwise than shall be directed in the said Order, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XXIII. And Whereas Disobedience or refractory Behaviour < in Persons under Quarantine, or liable to the Performance of ‘ Quarantine, or in other Persons who may have had any Inter- course or Communication with them, may be attended with very great Danger to His Majesty's Subjects Be it further enacted, That all Persons liable to perform Quarantine, and all Persons having had any Intercourse or Communication with them, whether in Ships or in a Lazaret, or elsewhere, shall be subject, during the said Quarantine, or during the Time they shall be liable to Quarantine, to such Orders as they shall receive from the Superintendant of Quarantine or his Assistant, or from the principal Officer of the Customs at any Port or Place where there is no such Super-intendant or Assistant, or from any other Officer of the Customs authorized as aforesaid to act in that Behalf; and the said Officers are hereby empowered and required to enforce all necessary Obedience to the said Orders, and in case of Necessity to call in others to their Assistance, and all Persons so called in are hereby required to assist accordingly; and such Officers shall, and they are hereby empowered and required to compel all Persons liable to perform Quarantine as aforesaid, and Persons having had any Intercourse or Communication with them, to repair to such Lazaret, Ship, Vessel or Place, and to cause all Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and other Articles comprized within any such Orders to be made as last aforesaid, to be conveyed to such Lazaret, Ship, Vessel or Place duly appointed in that Behalf, in such Manner and according to such Directions as shall be made by Order of His Majesty in Council as aforesaid, or of the Lords and others of the Privy Council, or of any Three or more of them; and if any Person or Persons liable to perform Quarantine as aforesaid, or any Person or Persons having had any Intercourse or Communication with him, her or them, shall wilfully refuse or neglect to repair forthwith, when required and directed so to do by such Officer as aforesaid, to the said Lazaret, Ship, Vessel or Place duly appointed in that Behalf, or having been placed in the said Lazaret, Ship, Vessel or Place, shall escape or attempt to escape out of the same before Quarantine duly performed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Quarantine Officers, and also the Watchmen and other Persons appointed to see Quarantine performed, and each of them, and they are hereby respectively required, by such necessary Force as the Case shall require, to compel every such Person, so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, and every such Person so escaping or attempting to escape as aforesaid, to repair or return to such Lazaret, Ship, Vessel or Place so appointed as aforesaid; and every Person so refusing or neglecting to repair forthwith, as aforesaid, to the said Lazaret, Ship, Vessel or Place, and also every Person actually escaping as aforesaid, shall be adjudged

A.D. 1805.

4, 5° GEO. III. C. 10.

23

judged guilty of Felony, and suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Constable, Headborough, Tythingman or other Peace Officer, or any other Person, to seize and apprehend any Person that shall, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, have quitted or come on Shore from any Ship or Vessel liable to perform Quarantine, or who shall have escaped from or quitted any Ship or Vessel under Quarantine, or from any Lazaret, Ship, Vessel or Place, appointed in that Behalf; for the Purpose of carrying such Person before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, and it shall be lawful for any such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate to grant his Warrant for the apprehending and conveying of any such Person to the Ship or Vessel from which he or she shall have come on Shore, or to any Ship or Vessel performing Quarantine, or Lazaret, from which he or she shall have escaped, or for the confining of any such Person in any such Place of safe Custody, (not being any public Jail) , and under such Restrictions as to having any Communication with any other Persons, as may, in the Discretion of any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, (calling to his Aid, if he shall see fit, any medical Person) , appear to be proper, until such Person can be safely and securely conveyed to some Place appointed for the Performance of Quarantine, or until Directions can be obtained from the Privy Council, as to the Disposal of any such Person, and to make any further Order or grant any further Warrant that may be necessary in that Behalf.

XXV. And Whereas Orders have been given by the Lords of ‘ His Majesty's Privy Council for Persons on Shore, who had Inter-‘ course with the Crew and Passengers of a vessel coming from a ‘ Place from whence it was judged that there was Danger of In-‘ fection being brought, to be sent afloat for the Performance of ‘ Quarantine, in like Manner with such Crew and Passengers; ’ Be it enacted, That such Orders so issued as aforesaid by the Lords of His Majesty's Privy Council for the Prevention of Infection, shall be taken and considered to have been, and are hereby declared to be good and valid in Law; and all Persons who may have been concerned in advising, issuing or carrying into Execution the said Orders or any of them, shall be and are hereby indemnified for the same, and shall be and are hereby freed and discharged from all Actions, Suits or other Proceedings, which have been or shall be brought and commenced against them, for or on Account or by reason of the said Orders or any of them, or of any other Matter or Thing done in pursuance thereof.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of His Majesty's Customs, or any other Officer or Person whatsoever to whom it doth or shall appertain to execute any Order or Orders made or to be made concerning Quarantine, or the Prevention of Infection, and notified as aforesaid, or to see the same put in Execution, shall knowingly and wilfully embezzle any Goods or Articles performing Quarantine, or be guilty of any other wilful Breach or Neglect of his Duty in respect of the Ships, Persons, Goods or Articles performing Quarantine, every such Officer and Person so offending shall forfeit such Office or Employment as he may be possessed of, and shall become from thenceforth incapable

C 4 to

Death.

Persons quitting Ships liable to per- -form Quarantine, &c. may be seized and earned to place appointed for Performance of Quarantine.

Indemnity for Orders in Council for sending afloat to perform Quarantine Persons who had Intercourse with a Vessel from which Danger was apprehended.

Officers embezzling Goods performing Quarantine, or neglecting Duty.

Penalty 1001. and Incapacity.

24

C. 10.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Permitting Persons, Ships, &c. to depart without Authority, or giving false Certificates.

Death.

Damaging

Goods.

Persons not infected entering Lazaret shall perform Quarantine, and attempting to escape may be compelled to return; such Person* escaping.

Death.

After Proof of Performance of Quarantine, and proper Certificate to that Effect, Vessels or Persons not liable to further Detention.

to hold or enjoy the same, or to take a new Grant thereof; and every such Officer and Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if any such Officer or Person shall desert from his Duty when employed as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully permit any Person, Ship, Vessel, Goods or Merchandize, to depart or be conveyed out of the said Lazaret, Ship or other Place as aforesaid, unless by Permission under an Order of His Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, or under an Order of Three or more of the Lords or others of his Privy Council, or if any Person hereby authorized and directed to give a Certificate of a Ship having duly performed Quarantine or Airing, shall knowingly give a false Certificate thereof, every such Person so offending shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and suffer Death, as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy; and if any such Officer or Person shall knowingly and wilfully damage any Goods performing Quarantine under his Direction, he shall be liable to pay Treble Damages and full Costs of Suit to the Owner of the same.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person not infected with the Plague, or other infectious Disease or Distemper as aforesaid, nor liable to perform Quarantine, shall enter the said Lazaret, or other Place so appointed as aforesaid, whilst any Person or Persons infected with the Plague, or being under Quarantine shall be therein, such Person so entering the said Lazaret, or other Place so appointed as aforesaid shall perform Quarantine there; and if he or she shall return or attempt to return from thence, unless in such Cases and by such Licences as shall be directed and granted by virtue of such Order or Orders of His Majesty in Council, or of the Lords or others of His Majesty's Privy Council, or any Three or more of them, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Quarantine Officers, Watchmen and other Persons appointed to guard or secure the said Lazaret or other Place so appointed as aforesaid, by such necessary Force as the Case shall require, to compel such Persons so returning or attempting to return, to repair into the said Lazaret or other Place so appointed as aforesaid, there to continue and perform Quarantine; and in case such Person shall actually escape out of the said Lazaret, or other Place where he or she ought to have performed Quarantine, before he or she shall have fully performed the same, he or she shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death, as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That after Quarantine shall

have been duly performed by any Ship or Vessel, Person or Per-/ sons, obliged to perform Quarantine as aforesaid, according to this Act, and to such Order or Orders made as aforesaid, and upon Proof to be made by the Oaths of the Master or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel, and of Two of the Persons belonging thereto, or upon Proof to be made by the Oaths of Two or more credible Witnesses, before the Collector or principal Officer of the Customs, at the Port where such Quarantine shall be performed, or at the Port nearest thereunto, or before any Justice of the Peace living near to the Port or Place, or when such Quarantine shall have been performed within any of the said Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, SarJc or Man, before any Two

Jurats

A.D. 1805.

W GEO. III.

25

C. 10.

Jurats or Magistrates of any of the said Isles respectively, that such Ship or Vessel, and all and every such Person and Persons respectively, have duly performed Quarantine as aforesaid, and that the Ship or Vessel, and all and every Person and Persons are free from Infection; and after producing a Certificate to that Purpose, signed by the Chief Officer who superintended the Quarantine of the said Ship, or Person acting for him, then, and in the said respective Cases such Collector or principal Officer of the Customs, or such Justice of the Peace, or such Jurats or Magistrates as aforesaid, respectively, are hereby required to give a Certificate thereof, and thereupon such Ship or Vessel, and all and every such Person or Persons so having performed Quarantine, shall be liable to no further Restraint or Detention upon the same Account for which such Ship or Vessel, Person or Persons, shall have performed Quarantine as aforesaid.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares and Regulations as Merchandize, and other Articles liable to Quarantine as aforesaid,

shall be opened and aired in such Place or Places, and for such iiabie°to per_ Time and in such Manner, as shall be directed by His Majesty, form Quaran-His Heirs and Successors, by such Order or Orders to be made as tine, aforesaid; and after such Orders shall have been duly complied with, a Certificate thereof shall be given by the Chief Officer appointed to superintend the Quarantine and Airing of such Goods,

Wares and Merchandize, and other Articles, or by the Person acting for him, and Proof thereof shall be made by the Oaths of Two or more credible Witnesses, before the Collector or other principal Officer of the Customs at the Port lying next to such Place or Places where such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or other Articles, shall have been opened and aired as aforesaid, or before any Justices of the Peace living near the same, or before any Two Jurats or Magistrates of the said Isles of Jersey, Alderney, SarJc or Man, respectively; which Collector or other principal Officer, or such Justice, or Jurats or Magistrates respectively, as the Case may be, shall also make Certificate of such Proof having been made; and upon the Production of such Certificates Certificates to His Majesty's Commissioners of the Customs in thereof shall England or Scotland, respectively, or to the Governor or Lieu- be^schar!0 tenant Governor, Commander in Chief, or Chief Magistrates of fy^1 fJ^iS any of the said last mentioned Islands, as the Case may be, such Detention. Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and other Articles, shall 'be;

forthwith discharged from any Restraint or Detention upon the same Account, by Order of the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, or of the said Governor, Lieutenant Governor,

Commander in Chief, or Chief Magistrate respectively. [other Regulations, 46 G. 3. c. 98. § 5.]

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall Forging Certi-knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or procure to be ficatcs> forged or counterfeited, any Certificate directed and required to

to be granted by this Act, or shall publish as true any such forged or counterfeited Certificate, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, he or she shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death, as in cases of Felony, without Benefit of Death. Clergy.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall Lauding or

land or unship, or shall move, in order to the landing or unship- receiving

° Goods. &c.

26

C. 10.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

i rom Vessels liable to perform Quarantine.

[Penalty.]

Conveying or secreting Letters, Goods, &c.

Death.

His Majesty in Cases of Infection may prohibit Vessels under Twenty Tons from sailing until Bond be given by the Master, conditioned not to touch at Places specified, &c.

Sailing without giving such Security.

Penalty 201.

ping thereof, any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, Packets, Pack, ages, Baggage, Wearing Apparel, Books, Letters or any other Articles whatever, from on board any Ship or Vessel liable to perform Quarantine as aforesaid, or shall knowingly receive the same after they have been so landed or unshipped, every such Person shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, nor less than the Sum One hundred Pounds; and if any Person or Persons shall clandestine^ convey, or shall secrete or conceal for the Purpose of conveying any Letters, Goods, Wares or Merchandise, or other Articles as aforesaid, from any Ship or Vessel actually performing Quarantine, or from the Lazaret or other Place where such Goods, Wares, Merchandise or other Articles as aforesaid shall be performing Quarantine, every such Person so offending as last aforesaid shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death, as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall at any Time happen that any Part of Great, ', or the Isles

of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sarlc or Man, or, Spain

or Portugal, or the Low Countries, shall be infected with the

Plague, or any other such infectious Disease or Distemper as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by His or their Proclamation, to prohibit and restrain all small Boats and Vessels under the Burthen of Twenty Tons, from sailing or passing out of any Port or Place in Great Britain, or the Isles of Gu, , , Sark

and Man, or any of them, until Security be first given by the

Master of every such Boat or Vessel respectively, to the Satisfaction of the Principal Officer of the Customs, or the Chief Magistrate of the Port or Place from whence such Boat or Vessel shall sail, by Bond taken by such Officer or Magistrate, to the King, His Heirs or Successors, with sufficient Sureties in the Penalty of Three hundred Pounds, with Condition that if such Boat or Vessel shall not go to or touch at any Country, Port or Place, to be mentioned for that Purpose in such Proclamation, and if neither the Master or other Person having Charge of such Boat or Vessel, nor any Mariner or Passenger in such Boat or Vessel, shall, during the Time aforesaid, go on board any other Ship or Vessel at Sea, and such Master or other Person having Charge of such Boat or Vessel, shall not permit or suffer any Person or Persons to come on board such Boat or Vessel at Sea, from any other Ship or Vessel, and shall not, during the Time aforesaid, receive any Goods and Merchandize whatsoever, out of any other Ship or Vessel, then such Bond shall be void; for the making of which Bond no Fee or Reward whatsoever shall be taken; and in case any Boat or Vessel, for which such Security shall be required by such Proclamation, shall set sail or pass out of any Port or Place in Great Britain, or the Islands of, , , Sark

and Man, or any of them respectively, before such Security be given as aforesaid, every such Boat or Vessel so sailing or passing out of any Port or Place, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, together with her Tackle, Apparel and Furniture, shall be forfeited to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the Master of and every Mariner sailing in any such Boat or Vessel, shall severally forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 10.

27

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Publication in Publication of

the London Gazette of any Order in Council, or of any Order by Orders of Three or more of the Lords or others of His Majesty's Privy Notice.

Council, made in pursuance of this Act, or His Majesty's Royal Proclamation, made in pursuance of the same, shall be deemed

and taken to be sufficient Notice to all Persons concerned of all Matters therein respectively contained.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Forfeitures and Recovery and Penalties aforesaid, that shall be incurred by reason of any Offence Application of committed against any Part of this Act, shall and may be re- •Penalties* covered by Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at

Westminster, in which no Essoign or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be granted, or in Scotland by summary Action in the Court of Session, or by Prosecution before the Court of Justiciary there, or by Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts in the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man; and

every such Forfeiture and Penalty shall belong and be given, One Moiety to the Person who shall inform and sue for the same, and the other Moiety to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to be applied towards defraying the Expences of erecting and maintaining the Lazaret as aforesaid.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it Actions for Pe-shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever, to com- nalties prose-mence, prosecute, enter or file, or cause or procure to be com- £f Attorney"116 menced, prosecuted, entered or filed, any Action, Bill, Plaint, General &c. Information or Prosecution, or Actions, Bills, Plaints, Informations

or Prosecutions, in any of His Majesty's Courts in England or Scotland, or any Poceeding or Proceedings before any Justices of the Peace of any County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Stewartry or Place, for the Recovery of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, incurred by reason of any Offence committed against this Act, or against any Order or Orders made by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in Council, or by any Three or more of the Lords or others of His Majesty's Privy Council as aforesaid, unless the same be commenced, prosecuted, entered or filed in the Name of His Majesty's Attorney General in England, or Advocate in Scotla, respectively, or in the Name or Names of some Officer or Officers of the Customs in England or Scotland, respectively; and if any Action, Bill, Plaint,

Information or Prosecution, Actions, Bills, Plaints, Informations or Prosecutions, or any Proceeding or Proceedings before any Justices as aforesaid, shall be commenced, prosecuted, entered or filed, in the Name or Names of any other Person or Persons than is in that Behalf before mentioned, the same shall be and are hereby declared to be null and void.

XXXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case in Prosecutions-any Prosecution, Suit, Complaint or other Proceeding as afore- by Officers of said, shall be commenced or depending by any Officer or Officers Customs, At-of the Customs, for the recovery of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture,

Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, incurred by reason of any Offence Advocated °l committed against this Act, or against any Order or Orders made Scotland may by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in Council, or by any stop Proceed-Three or more of the Lords or others of His Majesty's Privy inS3-Council as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty’s

Attorney

28

C. 10.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Persons authorised to take Examinations may administer Oaths.

Perjury.

Plow Offences, not felony, and Offences not punished by specific Penalty, determined.

How Penalties applied.

No Corruption of Blood, &c.

Answers of Persons having Charge of Vessels received as Evidence.

Attorney General in England, or Advocate in, respectively, to stop all further Proceedings therein, as well with respect to the Share of such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, to which any such Officer or Officers shall or may claim to be entitled, as to the Share thereof belonging to His Majesty, if upon Consideration of the Circumstances under which any such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, may have been incurred, it shall appear to them respectively to be fit and proper so to do.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases wherein, by or by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, any Examinations or Answers shall be taken or made upon Oath, the Person who shall be authorized and required to take such Examinations and Answers, shall and shall be deemed to have full Power and Authority to administer such Oaths; and if any Person who shall be so interrogated or examined, shall wilfully swear falsely to any Matter, concerning which such Person shall depose or make Oath on such Examination or in such Answers, or if any Person shall procure any other Person so to do, he or she so swearing falsely, or procuring any other Person so to do, shall be deemed to have been guilty of, and shall be liable to be prosecuted for wilful and corrupt Perjury, or Subornation of wilful and corrupt Perjury, as the Case may be, and shall suffer the Fains, Penalties and Punishments of the Law, in such Case respectively made and provided.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Offences committed against any of the Provisions of this Act, not being Felony, and every Offence or Disobedience to any Order of Council, made for the better carrying into Execution this Act, for which no specific Penalty, Forfeiture or Punishment is provided by this Act, shall and may be tried, heard and determined before any Two Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City or Place where such Offence or Disobedience shall happen; and if any Person shall be convicted of any such Offence or Disobedience, he or she shall be liable to such Forfeiture and Penalty, not exceeding the Sum of Fifty Pounds for any One Offence, or to such Imprisonment not exceeding Three Months for any One Offence, as shall, in the Discretion of the Two Justices who shall have heard and determined the same, be judged proper; and such Forfeiture and Penalty shall be paid, One Moiety to the Person suing for the same, and the other to His Majesty, to be applied as the Moieties of other Forfeitures and Penalties hereinbefore directed to be applied.

XXXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That no Attainder of Felony by virtue of this Act, shall be extended to work any Corruption of Blood, or Forfeiture of any Goods, Chattels, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in any Prosecution, Suit or other Proceeding against any Person or Persons whatsoever, for any Offence against this Act, or any Act which may hereafter be passed concerning Quarantine, or for any Breach or Disobedience of any Order or Orders which shall be made by his Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council concerning Quarantine, and the Prevention of Infection, and notified or published as aforesaid, or of any Order or Orders made by Three or more of the Lords or others of the

21 Privy

A.D. 1805.

45 GEO. III. C. 10.

29

Privy Council as aforesaid, the Answer or Answers of the Commander, Master or other Person having Charge of any Ship or Vessel, to any Questions or Interrogatories put to him by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, or of any Act which may hereafter be passed concerning Quarantine, or of any such Order or Orders as aforesaid, may and shall be given and received as Evidence, so far as the same relates or relate to the Place from which such Ship or Vessel came, or to the Place or Places at which such Ship or Vessel touched in the Course of her Voyage; and where any Ship or Vessel shall have been directed to perform Quarantine by the Superintendant of Quarantine or his Assistant, or where there is no such Superintendant or Assistant, by the Principal Officer of the Customs at any Port or Place, or other Officer of the Customs authorized as aforesaid to act in that Behalf, the having been so directed to perform Quarantine may and shall be given and received as Evidence that such Ship or Vessel was liable to Quarantine, unless satisfactory Proof shall be produced by the Defendant or Defendants in any such Prosecution, Suit or other Proceeding, to shew that the Ship or Vessel did not come from or touch at any such Place or Places as is or are stated in the said Answer or Answers, or that such Ship or Vessel, although directed to perform Quarantine, was not liable to the Performance thereof; and where any Ship or Vessel shall in fact have been put under Quarantine at any Port or Place, by the Superintendant of Quarantine or his Assistant, or other Officer of the Customs authorized as aforesaid to act in that Behalf, and shall actually be performing the same, such Ship or Vessel shall, in any Prosecution, Suit or other Proceeding against any Person or Persons whatever, for any Offence against this Act, or any other Act which may hereafter be passed concerning Quarantine, or against any Order or Orders concerning Quarantine, and the prevention of Infection, which shall be made by His Majesty in Council, or by Three or more of the Lords or others of his Privy Council as aforesaid, be deemed and taken to be liable to Quarantine, without proving in what Manner or from what Circumstances such Ship or Vessel became liable to the Performance thereof.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Person or Persons shall be charged with any Offence against this Act, or any Act which may hereafter be passed concerning Quarantine, or with any Breach or Disobedience of any Order or Orders which shall be made by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in Council as aforesaid, or of any Order or Orders made by the Lords or others of the Privy Council, or any Three or more of them as aforesaid, and the same shall be made appear to any Judge of His Majesty's Court of King’s Bench by Affidavit or by Certificate, of any Indictment or Information being filed against such Person or Persons in the said Court for such Offence, it shall and may be lawful for such Judge to issue his Warrant in Writing under his Hand and Seal, and thereby to cause such Person or Persons to be apprehended and brought before him or some other Judge of the said Court, or before some One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, in order to his, her or their being bound to the King’s Majesty with Two sufficient Sureties in such Sum as in the said Warrant shall be expressed, with Condition to appear in the said

Court

How far having been directed to perform Quarantine received as Evidence that Vessels were liable thereto.

Performing Quarantine Proof of Vessels being liable to perform it.

On Affidavit of Indictment filed for Offences under this Act, a Judge may cause Party to be apprehended, and if he refuse to become bound for Appearance, he may be committed to Gaol.

30

C. 10.

45° GEO. III.

A.D. 1805.

Where Persons are detained, Prosecutor may-cause a Copy of Indictment to be delivered to Party or Gaoler, with Notice to appear and plead, or demurr: and on failure, in Appearance Plea of Not Guilty may be entered by Prosecutor, and Trial shall proceed.

Defendant acquitted may be discharged by Judge trying the Offence.

Court at the Time mentioned in such Warrant, and to answer to all and singular Indictments or Informations for any of the Offences aforesaid; and in ..case such Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to become bound as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Judge or Justice of the Peace respective!} ^, to commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol of the County, City or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, or where he, she or they shall have been so apprehended, until he, she or they shall have become bound as aforesaid, or shall be discharged by Order of the said Court of King’s Bench in Term Time, or by One of the Judges of the said Court in Vacation, and the Recognizance or Recognizances to be taken thereupon shall be returned and filed in the said Court, and shall continue in force until such Person or Persons shall have been acquitted of such Offence, or in case of Conviction shall have received Judgment for the same, unless sooner ordered by the said Court to be discharged; and that where any Person or Persons, by virtue of such Warrant and Commitment as aforesaid, is or are now detained, or shall hereafter be committed and detained in any Gaol for Want of Bail, it shall be lawful for the Prosecutor of such Indictment or Information, to cause a Copy thereof to be delivered to such Person or Persons, or to the Gaoler, Keeper or Turnkey of the Gaol wherein such Person or Persons is, are or shall be so detained, with a Notice thereon indorsed, that unless such Person or Persons shall, within Eight Days from the Time of such Delivery of a Copy of the Indictment or Information as aforesaid, cause an Appearance, and also a Plea of Demurrer to be entered in the said Court to such Indictment or Information and Appearance, and the Plea of Not Guilty will be entered thereto, in the Name or Names of such Person or Persons respectively; and in case he, she or they shall thereupon, for the said Space of Eight Days after such Delivery of a Copy of the Indictment or Information as aforesaid, neglect to cause an Appearance, and also a Plea of Demurrer to be entered in the said Court to such Indictment or Information, it shall be lawful for the Prosecutor of such Indictment or Information, upon an Affidavit being made and filed in the said Court, of a Delivery of a Copy of such Indictment or Information, with such Notice indorsed thereon as aforesaid, to such Person or Persons, or to such Gaoler, Keeper or Turnkey, as the Case may be, which Affidavit may be made before any Judge or Commissioner of the said Court authorized to take Affidavits in the said Court, to cause an Appearance and the Plea of Not Guilty to be entered in the said Court to such Indictment or Information, for such Person or Persons respectively; and such Proceedings shall be had thereupon, as if the Defendant or Defendants in such Indictment or Information had appeared and pleaded Not Guilty, according to the usual Course of the said Court; and that if, upon the Trial of such Indictment or Information, the Defendant or Defendants so committed and detained as aforesaid, shall be acquitted of all the Offences therein charged upon him, her or them, it shall be lawful for the Judge before whom such Trial shall be had, although he may not be One of the Judges of the said Court of King’s Bench, to order that such Defendant or Defendants shall be forthwith discharged out of the Custody, as to his, her or their Commitment as aforesaid; and

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 10, 11.

31

such Defendant or Defendants shall be thereupon discharged accordingly.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all Offences committed contrary to, or in Breach or Violation of this or any other Act hereafter to be passed, or of any Order or Orders of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, now or hereafter to be made in his or their Privy Council, concerning Quarantine, and the Prevention of Infection, and notified by Proclamation, or published in the London Gazette, or of any Order or Orders made by Three or more of the Lords or others of the Privy Council as aforesaid, whether the said Offence shall be done and committed within the Body of any County or upon the High Seas or elsewhere, shall and may be tried, heard and determined in any County within England or Scotland, or in the proper Courts of the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man respectively.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance and execution of this present Act, or of any Order of Council made by virtue thereof, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at an}' Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and in Execution of the said Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall have been given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as the Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law; and that no such Action or Suit shall be brought against any Person for any Matter or Thing done in pursuance or execution of this Act, but within the Space of Two Months after such Matter or Thing shall have been done.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect, except as is hereinbefore otherwise provided, on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and five, and may be altered, varied or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

[See 46 G. 3. c. 98 — 50 G. 3. c. 20. — 51 G. 3. c. 46. — 52 G. 3. c. 39. § 65. — Proviso for this Act, 54 G. 3. c. 36. § 45.]

CAP. XI.

An Act for granting certain additional Rates and Duties in

Great Britain, on the Conveyance of Letters.

[12th March 1805.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

C Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the

4 V\ Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, being desirous of raising the

necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's Public Expences, and of making a permanent Addition to the Public Revenue, 4 have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your

Majesty

Offences against Laws of Quarantine may be tried in any County.

In Action for executing Act.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

Limitation of Actions.

Commencement of Act; which may be altered, &c. or' repealed this Session.

C. 11.

32

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Additional Rates of Postage.

Within Great Britain.

Between Great Britain and Ireland.

Patterns not exceeding 1 oz.

26 G. 3. c. 13.

S5 G. 3. c. 53.

Majesty, the Additional Rates and Duties hereinafter mentioned;

£ and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may e be enacted; ’ And be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Postmaster General and his Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto sufficiently authorized, for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to demand, have, receive and take for the Port and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets, which he shall carry, convey or send Post in Manner hereinafter mentioned, the additional Rates and Duties hereinafter specified, the same being rated by the Letter or by the Ounce; videlic

For the Port and Conveyance of Letters by the Post within Great Britain, for every Single Letter One Penny; for every Double Letter Two Pence; for every Treble Letter or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight Three Pence; and for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, Four Pence; and so on in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce:

For the Port and Conveyance of Letters by the Post from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great, for

every Single Letter One Penny; for every Double Letter Two Pence; for every Treble Letter or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight Three Pence; and for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, Four Pence; and so in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce:

For the Port and Conveyance of every Packet or Cover, containing therein, or having affixed thereto, One or more Paper or Papers with Patterns, or One or more Pattern or Patterns of Cloth, Silk, Stuff or other Goods, or One or more Sample or Samples of any other Sort of Thing, not exceeding together One Ounce in Weight, sent agreeably to the Provisions of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more effectually preventing the fraudulent Removal of Tobacco by Land or Watery and for the Ease of the fair Trader in Tobacco; and for ascertaining the Rates payable for the Postage of certain Letters; and for amending and explaining the Laws relating to the Sale of Spirituous Liquors by Retail; and of an Act, passed in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for further regulating the sending and receiving Letters free from the Duty of Postage; for allowing Noncommissioned Officers, Seamen and Private Men in the Army and

Navy, whilst on Service, to send and receive Letters at a low Rate of Postage; and for permitting Patterns and Samples of Goods to be transmitted by the Post at an easier Rate than is now allovoed by Law; the Sum of One Penny.

For the Port and Conveyance of every Letter, originally sent by the Post, now known by the Name of The Two Penny, and not first passing and afterwards to pass by the General Post, directed to or sent from Places beyond the Delivery of the

General

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 11. 53

General Post Letter Carriers, the Sum of One Penny: For the Port and Conveyance of every Letter, originally passing by the General Post, directed to Places beyond the Delivery of the General Post, and afterwards delivered by the Two Penny Post, the Sum of Two Pence:

For the Port and Convej^ance of Letters by the Post, from and to Foreign Great Britain to and from Parts beyond the Seas, not within Letters.

His Majesty's Dominions, for every Single Letter Two Pence; for every Double Letter Four Pence; for every Treble Letter or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight Six Pence; and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight Eight Pence; and so on in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce:

For the Port and Conveyance of Letters sent by the Post from and Colonial to Great Britain to and from the British Dominions in Letters, &c.

to and from or passing through the Kingdom of Portugal, and to and from the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey and the Isle of Man, a Packet Postage for every Single Letter of One Penny; for every Double Letter Two Pence; for every Treble Letter or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight Three Pence; and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight Four Pence; and so on in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce.

II. And be it further enacted, That over and above the Rates Inland Postage and Duties by this Act granted, all Letters and Packets passing on Letters to or from Great Britain to the British Dominions in America, to or ^om the British through the Kingdom of Portugal, to the Islands of Guernsey and Americ^&c? Jersey and the Isle of Man, and all Letters and Packets from

those respective Countries to Great Britain, shall be charged with the Inland Rate of Postage hereby established, of One Penny for each Single Letter, and so in Proportion for Double and Treble Letters, and other Letters according to the Weight thereof, for their Inland Conveyance.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Rates of Post-herein contained shall increase or alter, or; be construed to increase age upon Single or alter, the Amount or Manner of charging the Rates of Postage ^Seamei^ upon Single Letters to be sent by the Post by or to Seamen or ^aTe^ay-Privates employed in His Majesty's Navy, Army, Militia, Fencible able by 35G.S. Regiments, Artillery or Marines, upon their own private Concerns c. 53.

only, whilst such Seamen and Privates shall be employed in the Public Service as aforesaid, made payable by the said Act passed in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all printed News- Rate of id. on papers sent by the Post now known by the Name of the Two Newspapers Penny Post, to Places beyond the Delivery of the General Post, pllt by J^wo, shall be chargeable with a Duty of One Penny only; provided y^nd Delivery" such Newspapers be sent in the Manner prescribed by an Act, of the General passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Rost.

jesty, any Law to the contrary notwithstanding. See42 G.3,

V. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, c‘63‘ $ 10, &c *

Privileges, Advantages, Disabilities, Penalties, Forfeitures and Rowers of Acts Distribution thereof, and all Clauses and other Matters and Things, 4116

45 Geo. III. D contained Post °*ce uot

34.

C. 11.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

repealed or altered extended to this Act.

Rates to be paid to the Receiver General of the Post Office.

Application of the Monies.

Persons sued may plead the General Issue.

Act may be altered, &c. this Session.

contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the Time of passing this Act, relating to the Post Office, or any Rates or Duties payable on the Port or Conveyance of Letters or Packets, (and not repealed or altered by this Act) , shall, so far as the same are applicable, continue in force, and be applied and extended, and shall be construed to apply and extend to this present Act, and to the Rates and Duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Du-

ties hereinbefore granted, shall be paid from time* to time into the Hands of the Receiver General for the time being of the Revenue of the Post Office, who shall pay the same (the necessary Charges for collecting, paying and accounting for the same being first deducted) into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, on such Days and Times and in such Manner as the present Rates and Duties are directed by Law to be paid; and the said Duties so to be paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all the

Monies arising and to arise by the said Rates and Duties, or any of them, shall be deemed an addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made, or Stock created or to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament; and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of Ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the

public Revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of Ten Years, a Book or Books in which all the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purposes of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any time or times be sued, molested or prosecuted for any thing by him, her or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter or Thing herein contained, such Person and Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence, for his, her or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff* or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, , varied or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

[. Additional Rates. 3. c, 88. j

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 12, 13, 1*.

CAP. XII.

An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty two Millions five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities.

[12th March 1805.]

CAP. XIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties in Great Britain on Horses used in riding, or for drawing certain Carriages; and for consolidating the said additional Duties with the present Duties thereon.

[18th March 1805.]

[Duties made to cease, see 46 G. 3. c. c. 78.84. — 48 G. 3. 55.]

CAP. XIV.

An Act for granting additional Duties on Salt in Great Britain.

[18th March 1805.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's public Expences, and making 4 a permanent Addition to the public Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several additional Rates and Duties of Excise hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; ’ and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there Additional shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, to and for the Use of pities on Salt His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the several Rates and gr5T^at Duties of Excise hereinafter respectively mentioned; (that is ln* to say),

For and upon every Bushel of Salt, which, on or after the Twenty Foreign Salt second Day of February One thousand eight hundred and five, imPorted6s.8d. shall have been or shall be imported from beyond the Seas into Great Britain, (not being Irish Salt imported directly from Ireland) , an additional Duty of Six Shillings and Eight Pence:

For and upon every Bushel of Irish Salt or Rock Salt, or per Bushel Irish Glauber or Irish Epsom Salt, which, on or after the Jnsh Salt Twenty second Day of February One thousand eight hundred inaPorted 5s* and five, shall have been or shall be imported into Britain, an additional Duty of Five Shillings:

For and upon every Bushel of Salt or Rock Salt that shall be or Salt made for that shall have been made at any Salt Work, or raised or taken Home Con-out of any Salt Mine or Salt Pit in England, and which, on or after the Twenty second Day of February One thousand eight hundred and five, shall have been or shall be weighed, taken or delivered for Home Consumption, an additional Duty of Five Shillings:

For and upon every Bushel of Salt or Rock Salt that shall be or In Scotland 2s.

D 2 that

36

C. 14.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

British Glauber Salt 5s.

Flux for Glass 10s.

Drawbacks on Exportation.

English Salt (except Rock Salt) 5s.

Epsom Salt 5s.

Scotch Salt (except Rock Salt) 2s.

Duties and Drawbacks to be additional, and proportionate.

Weight of Bushel of Rock 65lb. other Salt 561b.

that shall have been made at any Salt Work, or raised or taken out of any Salt Mine or Salt Pit in and which, on or

after the Twenty second Day of February One thousand eight hundred and five, shall have been or shall be weighed, taken or delivered for Home Consumption, an additional Duty of Two Shillings:

For and upon every Bushel of all Salt known or called by the Name of Glauber Salt or Epsom Salt, which, on or after the Twenty second Day of February One thousand eight hundred and five, shall have been or shall be made or produced in Great Britain, an additional Duty of Five Shillings:

For and upon every Ton of Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, which, on or after the Twenty second Day of February One thousand eight hundred and five, shall have been or shall be made in Great Britain, an additional Duty of Ten Shillings.

II. And be it further enacted, That the following Drawbacks shall be allowed and paid in respect of the Duties by this Act granted; (that is to say),

For and upon every Bushel of Salt made in England (Rock Salt excepted) , for which all the Duties by this Act granted shall have been paid, or secured to be paid, and which shall be duly exported from thence to Parts beyond the Seas, a Drawback of Five Shillings;

For every Bushel of Salt called or knoAvn by the Name of Glauber Salt (a) or Epsom Salt, (b) made or produced in Great Britain, for which all the Duties by this Act granted shall have been paid or secured to be paid, and which shall be duly exported from thence to Parts beyond the Seas, a Drawback of Five Shillings; (c) (a) {Duty on Glauber Salt repealed,

55 G.3. c. 66. $ 33. No new Duty laid.'] () \_Duty

on Epsom Salt repealed, 55 G. 3. c. 162. No new Duty laid.] (c) [Drawback on Glauber Salt repealed, 55 G. 3.

c. 66. § 33.]

For and upon every Bushel of Salt made in Scotland (Rock Salt excepted) , for which all the Duties by this Act granted thereon shall have been paid or secured to be paid, and which shall be duly exported from thence to Parts beyond the Seas, a Drawback of Two Shillings. 54 3. 21.]

III. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates, Duties

and Drawbacks shall respectively be raised and allowed in Addition to all former Rates, Duties and Drawbacks; and in all Cases where Duties are granted or Drawbacks (d) allowed by this Act on any specific Quantity of Salt, the same shall in every Case be understood and deemed and taken to apply in the same Proportion, and after the same Rate, to any greater or less Quantity than such specific Quantity, (e) (d) [Drawback on Epsom Salt

repealed, 55 G. 3. c. 162.] (e [Drawback on repealed,

49 G.3. c. 81. §6.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That Sixty five Pounds Weight Avoirdupois of Rock Salt shall be deemed and taken to be a Bushel of Rock Salt; and that of every other Kind or Species of Salt, (not being Rock Salt) , Fifty six Pounds Weight Avoirdupois shall be deemed and taken to be a Bushel.

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 14.

37

V. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act con- Duty not to tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with extend to Salt any Duty by this Act imposed, any Foreign or British Salt de- for Fisheries, livered or received for the sole Purpose of being used or employed

in curing or preserving Fish, provided such Salt be imported, delivered and received under, subject and according to the several Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions under which Foreign or British Salt is delivered and received free of Duty, for the Purpose of curing or preserving Fish; any thing contained in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties by this Duties paid as Act granted shall be paid by such Person and in such Manner, under former and at such Times, and under and subject to such Rules, Regu- Acts* lations and Provisions as are contained in the several Acts of Parliament now in force relating to Duties on Salt.

VII. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by UnderManage-this Act granted as shall arise in that Part of Great Britaiji called ment of Com-England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners nussioners of of Excise in England for the time being; and such thereof as Exclse‘

shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called , shall be

under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the time being.

" On Contracts made before Feb. 22, 1805, for Salt to be delivered afterwards, the additional Duty may be added to the " Price. § 8. [Exp.']

IX. And Whereas great Frauds are committed by the Smug-i gling of Salt from Ireland into Great; For remedy in what Ton-

whereof be it further enacted, That no Salt shall be imported nage Salt im-from Ireland into Great Britain, in any Ship or Vessel of less ported from Ire-Burthen than One hundred Tons, on Pain of Forfeiture of all such lan<lmto Salt, and of such Ship or Vessel, .together with all her Guns, Penalty. Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel which may and shall be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

X. And be it further enacted, That before any Salt shall be Regulations for shipped from any Port or Place in Ireland, either to be carried shipping Salt Coastwise or for Exportation to Great Britain or any other Country, in Ireland for or for the Use of the Fisheries, or as Stores for the Use of the Mariners, or for any other Purpose or on any other Account what- " ia ev soever, the Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel in or on board of which any such Salt is intended to be shipped, shall give Notice in Writing to the proper Officer of His Majesty's Customs of the Port or Place in at which any such Salt is or may be intended to be shipped, at least Twelve Hours before the Shipping thereof, and shall specify in every such Notice the Name of the Ship or Vessel, and also of the Owner or Master thereof respectively, and the exact Quantity of Salt intended to be shipped, put, taken or laden on board, and the Port or Place to or for which such Salt is intended to be carried or exported, or the particular Use or Purpose, (if not intended as Merchandize) , to which the same is intended to be applied; and such Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, together with at least One other Person, Bond for due shall give good and sufficient Security by Bond in the Penalty of Delivery, &c,

D 8 Twenty

3S

C. 14.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Officer to furnish Masters of Vessels shipping Salt in Ireland with Certificates, and transmit Duplicates to Excise in England, &c.

Unduly lading

Twenty Shillings for every Bushel of Salt shipped, put, taken or laden on board (which Security shall be first approved of by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in, or such other

Person or Persons as they shall appoint or employ for that Purpose, and which Bond or Security any Person or Persons so appointed or employed, is hereby authorized and empowered to take in His Majesty's Name) , that the said Salt, and every Part thereof, if to be carried Coastwise, or if intended for Exportation as Merchandize, shall (the Danger of the Seas and Enemies excepted) be duly landed at the Port or Place specified in such Notice as aforesaid, and if not shipped as Merchandize, that it shall be duly applied to and for the Purposes expressed in such Notice; and that if shipped for Exportation to any Port or Place in Great Britain, the Duties chargeable on the Importation of such Salt into Great Britain, shall be duly and truly paid at such Port or Place respectively.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the proper Officer of His Majesty's Customs shall furnish the Master or other Person having Charge of any Ship or Vessel in or on board of which any Salt shall be shipped in Ireland, with a Certificate specifying the Name of the Master and Owner of such Ship, the Quantity of Salt shipped, put, taken or laden on board, the Name of the Port or Place to which the same is intended to be exported, or (if not intended as Merchandize) the particular Purpose for which the same was shipped or laden on board, the Day when and Place where shipped, and the Date of the Bond or Security entered into; and such Officer shall also, within Three Days after the sailing of any Ship or Vessel with Salt on board, transmit by the Post to the proper Officer of the Port in Ireland or to the Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland, as the Case may require, an exact Duplicate of such

Certificate as aforesaid; and if any Person shall carry or put on

[Penalty.]

Officer neglecting Duty.

in Ireland, Salt board any Ship or Vessel in any Port, Harbour, Creek or other for Seamen. place in Ireland, any Salt, exceeding in the whole Quantity the Proportion of Two Pounds Weight for each Seaman, or other Person employed in such Ship, without giving such Notice, and entering into such Bond or Security as aforesaid, every Person so offending shall forfeit One hundred Pounds, together with all the Salt so shipped or put on board contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, which Salt shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of the Customs whose Duty it may be to receive the Notices, or to take the Bond or Security, or to furnish or give the Certificate, or transmit the Duplicate thereof by this Act required for or in respect of Salt shipped, put, taken or laden on board any Ship or Vessel in Ireland, shall connive at any Fraud or Evasion of the Rules, Regulations or Directions by this Act provided, or shall knowingly or wilfully neglect or omit his Duty, or any Part thereof, as by this Act is required, every such Officer shall forfeit Five hundred Pounds, and be rendered incapable of ever after serving His Majesty in any Capacity whatsoever.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Master, or other Person having the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel with Salt shipped, put, taken or laden on board at any Port or Place

in

Penalty 5001.

; nd Incapacity, exceeding Quantity al-V wed, or not

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 14.

39

in Ireland, and exceeding in the whole Quantity the Proportion producing Cer-

of Two Pounds Weight for each Seaman or Marine, shall not pro- &c.

duce to any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, the

Certificate required by this Act, or shall have other Salt, or a

greater or less Quantity of Salt than shall be mentioned or described

in such Certificate, and shall not prove that the Quantity shall

have been lessened or diminished by any Enemy, or by Stress of

Weather, or Storms at Sea, then and in every such Case the Salt

on board such Ship or Vessel, together with the Ship or Vessel

having the same on board, together with her Guns, Furniture,

Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel, shall be forfeited, and may

and shall be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Penalty.

Excise:Provided always, that nothing in this Act shall extend, or Exception aato

be deemed or construed to extend, to make subject to Forfeiture Vessels regu-

any Salt or any Ship or Vessel having Salt on board, if such Ship J.arly ^tte(1 °ut

or Vessel shall be regularly and usually fitted out from Ireland, to for'fishin*11

be employed in fishing, and shall (Wind and Weather permitting) ’

be proceeding on her Voyage, in a direct Course, to the Part

where such Ship or Vessel shall be destined for catching Fish, and

shall not be at Anchor, or hovering near the Coast of Great

and shall not have in or on board the same more Salt than shall

be necessary for salting and preserving such Quantity of Fish as

may be reasonably expected to be thereafter taken by the Crew

of such Ship or Vessel, on or during the particular Trip or Voyage

in which such Ship or Vessel shall be then engaged or employed.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Rock Salt shall be refined, No Rock Salt or made into White Salt, at any Place in Great Britain, exceeding refined in G.B. the Distance of Ten Miles from the Salt Mine or Salt Pit, from ^•jggfr^npjt which the Rock Salt intended to be refined shall be raised or taken; or Centered save and except at such Works as shall have been duly entered Refiners.

for refining Rock Salt, and making the same into White Salt, within One Year previous to the passing of this Act, any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties by this Duties and Act granted, and the Drawbacks by this Act allowed, shall and Drawbacks may be respectively raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, re- and allowed's covered, adjudged, mitigated and allowed, in such and the like fonner Duties Manner, and in or by any or either of the general Means, Ways &c.

or Methods by which the former Duties and Drawbacks of Excise upon Goods, Merchandize or Commodities of the same Sort or Kind respectively, or by any or either of the special Means, Ways or Methods respectively by which the former Duties and Drawbacks of Excise respectively upon Goods, Merchandize or Commodities of the same Sort or Kind respectively, were or might be raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated and allowed, and the Goods, Merchandize or Commodities so by this Act made subject to the Payment of or chargeable with Duties of Excise, or on which Drawbacks respectively are by this Act allowed, shall be and the same are hereby made subject to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions and Forfeitures, to which Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities in general, and also all and every the special Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Forfeitures re-

D 4 spectively,

40

C. J 4, 15.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

spectively, to which the like Wares, Merchandize and Commodities respectively, were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, respecting the Duties of Excise; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Excise, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof; and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in Execution, in relation to the several Duties and Drawbacks hereby charged and allowed; and the Goods, Merchandize or Commodities, whereon the same are charged or allowed, and the Ships or Vessels having the same on board in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties by this Act imposed (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster; and the said Money so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury now or for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, shall for the Period of Ten Years from the Commencement of this Act, cause a separate and distinct Account of the additional Duties granted by this Act to be prepared and annually laid before Parliament, pursuant to an Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for directing certain ‘puAccounts to be laid before

Parliament, and for discontinuing certain other Forms of Account novo in use, and the Monies arising from the said additional Duties shall be deemed a permanent Increase to the public Revenue of Great Britain for the Purpose of defraying any increased Charges occasioned by any Loan made or Stock created by Authority of any Act of Parliament passed or to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

Act may be

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered,

altered, &c. this varied or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session. Session of Parliament.

[See 47 G. 3. Sess. 2. c. 30. § 2. — Duties of Excise on Salt reduced, 3 G. 4. c. 82.]

Duties to be paid into the Exchequer and carried to the Consolidated Fund of G. B.

Account of the additional Duties for Ten Years to be laid before Parliament, &c.

CAP. XV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties in Great Britain, on the Amount of Assessments to be charged on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices.

[18th March 1805.]

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 16, 17, 18.

41

CAP. XVI.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the EXP. better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[18th 1805.]

CAP. XVII.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine EXP. Forces while on Shore.

[22nd March 1805.]

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six, certain Rates and Duties, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties, upon Goods, Wares and Merchandize, imported into and exported from Irela, in lieu of former Rates and Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties.

[25th March 1805.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for chuntil the Twenty 44 G.3. c. 2«.

fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and, certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Bounties and 1 Drawbacks upon Goods, Wares and Meimported into and exported from Ireland; and also for charging certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland in lieu of former

* Duties and Taxes, Bounties and Drawbacks; and by another

* Act, also made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled 44G.S. c. 27.

Act for charging, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One

thousand eight hundred and five, certain increased Countervailing Duties on the Importation into Ireland, of the several Wares and Merchandizes therein mentibeing the Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain; and for allowing creased Drawbacks on the Exportation to Great Britain of the several Articles therein mentioned, being the Manufacture of Ireland; certain Duties on Importation and Exportation, and certain Drawbacks on Exportation, and also certain Bounties or Allowances on Exportation and Importation, into and from Ireland, of Goods, Wares, Mercandize and Manufactures, as in the said Acts mentioned, were (among other Things) granted and allowed, for the Term, by the said Acts limited and appointed: And Whereas the Duties and Drawbacks granted and allowed by the said Two recited Acts, upon certain of the Goods, Wares and Merchandize, in the said Acts mentioned, were altered and increased by another Act made in.

the said last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting 44 G.3. c. 6f.

4 to His Majesty, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One -4 sand eight hundred and five, certain Duties on the Importation of the Goods, Wares and Merchandize, herein mentioned, into Ireland, and also certain Duties of Excise on Spirits, Malt and Tobacco, in Ireland; and for the Increase of certain Public Revenues in Ireland, by making the same payable in British -4 rency; for the Term by the said last mentioned Act limited and appointed: And Whereas the Duties, Drawbacks, Bounties and

Allow-

42

C. 18.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

After 25th Marcia 1805, there shall be paid in Ireland the Duties on Importation under Schedules A.and B.

On Exportation under Schedule C.

On Entries and Ships under Schedule D.

Drawbacks in Schedules A. and B.

Bounties under Schedule E.

The said Duties on Importation and Exportation shall be in lieu of all former Duties, except local Duties.

* Allowances, now payable under and by virtue of the said several Acts, will expire and be determined immediately after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five; and it is expedient that certain Duties and certain Drawbacks in respect thereof, and certain Bounties and Allowances, 4 should be granted and allowed instead of the said Duties, Drawbacks, Bounties and Allowances, so expiring as aforesaid May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid throughout Ireland unto and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon the Importation into Ireland of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, as mentioned and set forth in the Schedules respectively marked (A.) and (B.) hereunto annexed, and upon the Exportation from Ireland of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, as mentioned and set forth in the Schedule marked (C.) hereunto annexed; and upon certain Entries, Inwards and Outwards in the Port of -lin, and upon certain Ships or Vessels trading to Ireland, mentioned and set forth in the Schedule marked (D.) hereunto annexed, the several Rates and Duties, as the same are respectively described and set forth in Words and Figures in the said Schedules marked (A.) , (B.) , (C.) and (D.); and that there shall be paid and allowed upon the Exportation from Ireland of the several Goods, Wares and Merchandize mentioned and set forth in the said Schedules marked (A.) and (B.) , the several Drawbacks of the said Duties inserted, set forth and described in Words and Figures in the said Schedules respectively; and upon the Exportation from and Importation into Ireland of the Goods, Wares and Merchandize, described in the Schedule marked (E.) hereunto annexed, there shall be paid and allowed the several Bounties and Allowances as the same are set forth and described in Words and Figures therein mentioned, (a)

II. And be it further enacted, That the said several Rates and Duties mentioned and set forth in the said several Schedules respectively marked (A.) , (B.) and (C.) , shall be respectively paid down net in ready Money, without any Discount or Allowance whatsoever, in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Customs, Subsidies and Duties whatever, payable in Ireland, under and by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force there, by any Person, upon the Importation or Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize; except such Duties as have been, or shall or may be granted or imposed for certain local Purposes in Ireland, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, and which Duties are or may be ap-

(a) [The Duties and Drawbacks of this Act wholly continued by

various Acts, and until the 5th of July 1815. — 54 3. c. 18.

§ 1._-And see as to the Continuance of the Drawbacks on Goods

imported having paid the Duties under this and former Acts, 54 G.3. c. 129- § 14. — The state of the Duties and Drawbacks afterwards appears by the Notes to the other Parts of this Act, and the various Schedules .]

pro-

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 18.

4 3

propriated to such local Purposes by the Acts by which the said Duties are or shall be granted and imposed, or by any other Act or Acts.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Act shall not in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, compel Proto compel the Proprietor or Proprietors of Goods, Wares or 7

Merchandize, to pay the Duties upon the Landing thereof, in jan(jing Good* respect of any Goods, Wares and Merchandize, in any Cases which may by in which the Duties due and payable upon such Goods, Wares or Law be ware^ Merchandize, might on and immediately before the Twenty fifth housed.

Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, have been at the Request and Risk of the Importer or Proprietor thereof, secured in Warehouses for Payment of Duties, or by the Bond of the Importer or Proprietor thereof under the Provisions of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland, on and immediately before the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, during the Continuance of any such Act or Acts respectively.

" Duties paid on Goods taken out of Warehouses, for which " Duties have not been paid, though imported before March 25,

« 1805 — §4.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal or alter any of the Provisions contained in Two Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, the one‘.made in the Parliament of Great Britain, in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the other made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any other Act or Acts in force on and immediately before the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, by which any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, the Growth, Produce and Manufacture of Great,

imported from Great Britain into Ireland, or any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of,

exported from Ireland to Great Britain, are respectively made to remain liable to or are charged with or exempted from any Duties of Customs or Excise, whether Countervailing or others, or by which any Drawbacks or Bounties are allowed or given in respect of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize; save and ex- Except as to cept as to the Countervailing or other Duties and Drawbacks Countervailing granted by the said Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ire- Duties aseer-land, and which are or may be altered by this Act, or have been or by this

may be altered by any other Act or Acts made or to be made in pur- or suance of the Provisions in the said Acts of Union for that Purpose, thosT Acu.°

VI. And Whereas it is expedient, pursuant to the Provisions of the said Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland,

that in respect of the increased Duties imposed on Articles of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Ireland, or on the Materials of which they may be composed, increased Counter- vailing Duties should be charged on the Goods, Wares and Merchandize, Articles, Matters and Things mentioned, described,

and set forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (F.)

being the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Britain,

1 and

Proviso for 39 & 40 G.S. c. 67.

40 G.3. (I.) c. 38.

44

C. 18.

45° GEO. III.

A.D. 1805.

Countervailing Duties on British Goods imported into Ireland, in lieu of former Countervailing Duties.

Equivalent Countervailing Drawbacks on Irish Goods to G. B.

39 & 40 G.3. c. 67. Art.6.

Duties on Salt and Hops (according to Provisions of Union Acts) imported from Great Britain.

Drawback on Plops.

39 & 40 G. 3. c. 67. Art.6.

and imported from thence into sufficient to countervail

* the said increased Duties in Ireland Be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be charged on the Goods, Wares and Merchandize, Articles, Matters and Things mentioned, set forth and described in the Schedule marked (F.) the several countervailing Duties therein in Figures respectively inserted, described and set forth, in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Countervailing Duties whatever, payable on such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, Articles, Matters and Things, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland at the Time of the passing of this Act; and that upon the Exportation of any Article of like Denomination, being of the Growth, Product or "Manufacture of Ireland to Great Britain, there shall be allowed and given a Drawback equal in Amount to the Countervailing Duty on the like Article in the said Schedule, in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Drawbacks now allowed by Law on the same.

VII. And Whereas it was, in and by the Sixth Article of the

* Union of Great Britain and Ireland, among other Things, provided

* and declared, that Salt and Hops should pay, on Importation into Ireland from Great Britain, Duties not exceeding those

which were then paid on Importation into Ireland: And Whereas 1 it is expedient to grant certain Duties on the Importation into Ireland of such Salt and Hops, in lieu of such Duties as may be

* payable on the same under and by virtue of any Act of the Par-‘ liament of Ireland, made previous to the said Acts of Union, or ‘ any other Act or Acts in force immediately before the passing

* of this Act Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon the Importation into Ireland from Great Britain of Salt and Hops being of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, the several and respective Duties following; (that is to say),

For and upon every Bushel of White Salt, weighing Fifty six Pounds, the Sum of Twto Shillings Irish Currency:

For and upon every Ton of Rock Salt, containing Forty Bushels, each Bushel weighing Sixty five Pounds, the Sum of Three Pounds Irish Currency:

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hops, the Sum of One Penny Farthing Currency: and that there

shal' be paid and allowed on the Exportation of such Hops from Ireland a Drawback of all the Duties actually paid thereon.

[The above Duties continued repealed or altered, 54 . 3.

c. 129. §11. — 3 G. 4. c. 99.; — and the Duties on Salt continued until the 5th of January 1825. — 3 G. 4. c. 99. § 1.]

VIII. And Whereas it was, in and by the said Sixth Article of the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, among other Things, provided and declared, that Coals on Importation into Ireland

from Great Britain should be subject to Burthens not exceeding

those to which they were then subject: And Whereas it is expedient to grant certain Duties on the Importation into Ireland < of such Coals, in lieu of such Duties as may be payable on the

21 4 same

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III.

a is.

45

same under and by virtue of any Act of the Parliament of 1 Ireland, made previous to the said Acts of Union, or any other

‘ Act or Acts in force immediately before the passing of this Act Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the Twenty fifth Duty on Coals Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, there shall (according to be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs ^porteddnu) and Successors, upon the Importation into Ireland from Great ireiand from Britain of Coals, being the Growth or Produce of Great, g. B.

for and upon every Ton of such Coals, the Sum of One Shilling and Nine Pence Irish Currency; and that there shall be paid and allowed on the Exportation of such Coals from Ireland a Draw- Drawback, back of all Duties actually paid thereon. \_The above Duty

continued until repealed or altered, 54 G. 3. c. 129. §11.]

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Cambricks or Lawns, Cambrics, &c. nor Gold or Silver Lace, except of the Manufacture of Great fnd Gold Lace Britain, shall be imported into Ireland under the Penalty or For- nnported, ex-feiture of all such Cambricks, Lawns and Lace, and Treble the nufactureof *" Value thereof, and of the Forfeiture of the Ship or Vessel in g. B. shall be which the same shall be imported, with all her Guns, Tackle, forfeited, &c. Furniture, Ammunition and Apparel.

X. And be it further enacted, That so much of this Act as Continuance of

relates to the Duties imposed upon the Importation of Goods, Duties upon Wares or Merchandize from the United States of, and American

inserted, described and set forth in the Schedule hereunto an- Goods, nexed, marked B. shall continue in Force during the Continuance 41 q 3 (u K) of an Act passed in the Forty first Year of His present Majesty's ^95.

Reign, intituled An Act to facilitate the Trade and Intercourse (B.)

between Ireland and the United States of America, during the Con- and Note there.] tinuance of the Treaty of Amity, Commerce and, between

His Majesty and the said States, and no longer.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in Cases where the Duties 2£d. per lb. of

by this Act imposed upon Tobacco imported into Ireland shall be Dut7 on To-paid, then the Sum of Two Pence Halfpenny for every Pound i>ut

Weight thereof, and also so much of the Produce of the Duties Teas° sha^y

arising upon Teas as shall amount to the annual Sum of Seven be carried to thousand three hundred Pounds Irish Currency, shall be from Account of time to time respectively carried to the Account to be kept of His Hereditary Majesty's Hereditary Revenue, and shall be deemed Part of His Revenue- Majesty's said Hereditary Revenue.

" How value of Goods paying Duty ad valorem on Importation or " Exportation shall be ascertained. § 12. [, 54 G. 3.

c. 129. §24.]

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Ascertainincr Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported or brought into, Value of Prize

on which the Duties are by this Act, or by any of the Schedules Goods import-hereunto annexed imposed, not according to the Tale, Gauge, ech paying Duty Weight or Measure, but according to the Value thereof, shall be condemned as Prize, such Value shall be ascertained by the Gross Price at which such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be publicly sold, without any Deduction or Abatement whatever; and such Goods shall and may be detained until the Duties due thereon shall have been fully paid and satisfied.

46

C. 18.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

How Prices of Teas and Value of East India Goods, rated ad valorem, shall be ascertained.

No Duties on Importation of Goods stated to be Duty free in Schedules.

Due Entry being made.

Importers of Drugs shall give Bond to pay the Duty, or prove that they were used in dying, &e.

XIV. And for the better ascertaining the Price of Teas, being

of the Growth and Produce of the East, imported into

Ireland from Great Britain, according to which the Duties are imposed thereon, and also for the ascertaining the Value of all Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into Ireland which had been imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to, on which the

Duties are charged by this Act, not according to the Tale, Weight, Gauge, or Measure, but according to the Value thereof; be it enacted, That the Price of all Teas, and the Value of all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize so imported shall be inserted in the respective Cockets, and the Price of such Teas, and the Value of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, shall be respectively taken at the Gross Price at which the same Teas, Goods, Wares and Merchandize so imported shall have been respectively bought at the public Sales of the said Company; and the principal Accountant or Deputy Accountant for the time being of the said East India Company is hereby required and directed, on Demand made by any Person authorized by the Chief Commissioners of the Revenue of, from time to time to

furnish the said Commissioners with Copies of such Parts of the said Books as shall relate to the Purchase and Sale of the Teas, and other Goods, Wares and Merchandize so imported, and which Copies being verified by Affidavit made before the Lord Mayor of London for the time being, and being attested by a Notary Public in the City of London, shall, without further Proof either of the said Affidavit or of the said Copies, be admitted as Evidence in all Suits commenced or arising under this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Duty shall be paid on the Importation of any of the Articles specified in this Act, or in any of the Schedules thereto, to be Duty free on Importation into Ireland; provided that due Entry of all such Goods be made in the Custom House of the Port in Ireland where such Goods shall be imported, expressing and setting forth in every such Entry, the particular Marks and Numbers of the Packages in which any such Goods shall be imported, with the Quantities and Qualities, and Particulars thereof, and in the same Manner and Form as Entries are legally to be made in Ireland in Cases of Importation of Goods subject to Duty; and that such Goods shall be landed at the Places and Times required by Law, and in the presence of the proper Officer, and by him examined and discharged, otherwise such Goods shall be forfeited and may be seized by any Officer of the Revenue.

" Drugs for Dyers’ Use may be imported Duty free, §17.

[Repealed 54 G.3. c. 129. §21.]

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Importer of any of the said Articles hereinbefore mentioned and specified shall make due Entry thereof at the Port of Importation, and shall at the same Time give Security by Bond to His Majesty, with One or more sufficient Surety or Sureties, to be approved of by the Collector and Comptroller of the District in which such Importer resides, (which Bond such Collector is hereby authorized to take for His Majesty's Use in a sufficient Penalty) , conditioned

A.D. 1805.

45° GEO. III. C. 18.

47

for the Payment by such Importer, of the Duties by this Act imposed upon such Articles, within Eighteen Months after the Date of such Bond; together with a Sum after the Rate of Ten Pounds for every One hundred Pounds by the Year, on the Amount of the said Duties, from the Time of the Entry of such Article until the Time of the Payment of the said Duties; or that such Importer shall, within the said Eighteen Months, make it appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs in,

that such Article has been actually sold and disposed of for the Use of Dyers and Manufacturers in Ireland, and has been actually used and consumed in dying or manufacturing within Ireland.

1 XVIII. And Whereas the Inhabitants of the Islands of,

* Guernsey, Sarlc and Alderney, are by Law permitted and allowed to import into G?'eat Britain, any Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of those

* respective Isles, (other than Salt) upon Certificates from the i respective Governors, Lieutenant or Deputy Governors, or Com-‘ manders in Chief for the time being, and Oaths before the Ma-

* gistrates of the said Islands of Jersey and Guernsey respectively,

‘ that the same are of the Growth, Produce and Manufacture of the said Islands or either of them, without paying an}' Customs,

* Subsidies or Duties for and in respect thereof; And "Whereas it ‘ is expedient to grant such Permission with respect to the Im-

* portation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the Growth,

* Produce and Manufacture of the said Islands, into, as

* is hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted, That from Goods the Pro-and after the passing of this Act, the said Inhabitants shall and duce of Jersey, may (with and under such Certificates and Oaths as aforesaid) &c- (except import any Goods, Wares and Merchandize (other than Salt) , of .Salt)’ may be the Growth, Produce and Manufacture of the said Islands or lik^Goods* either of them, into any Port in Ireland, into which Goods of like from g. B. Nature or Quality may be lawfully imported, without paying any

greater or other Duties for and in respect thereof, than such Duty as is now or shall hereafter for the time being be due and payable for the like Goods if imported from Great Britain into Ireland; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Not to exempt in this Act contained shall exempt or be construed to exempt any Foreign Goods, Goods or Commodities of the Growth, Product or Manufacture &c- or Saltfrom of any foreign Nation or Country, which may be imported into Jersey» &c* any of the said Islands, or such foreign Goods or Commodities as

shall or may be in Part or fully manufactured in any of the said Islands by the People thereof, or any Salt whatever, imported into Ireland, from any of the said Islands, from Payment of all such Customs, Duties and other Impositions on the Importation of the same, from any of the said Islands into Ireland, as are or shall be due and payable for Goods and Commodities of the like Kind imported into Ireland, from any foreign Nation or Country, of which the said Goods are the Growth, Product or Manufacture; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That Fish of Fish of British every Kind or Sort whatever, of British or Irish taking and curing, or Irish taking caught or taken in any Part of the Ocean by the Crews of any and curing maT Ships or Vessels built in Great Britain, or the Islands of

Jersey,

43

C. 18.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Master shall make Oath on Entry, that Fish was so taken and cured.

Regulations under which Produce of Creatures taken in any Part of the Ocean by Subjects may be entered on Payment of Duty, as of British fishing.

Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark or Man, or in any of the Colonies,

Plantations, Islands or Territories, which now belong, or at the Time of building such Vessels or Ships did belong, or which may hereafter belong to or be in the Possession of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, and wholly belonging to and owned by His Majesty's Subjects, and navigated and registered according to Law, shall and may be imported into, in Ships built,

owned, navigated and registered as aforesaid, without Payment of any Duty whatever; any thing in this Act or any other Act or Acts to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXI. Provided always, That before such Fish shall be admitted to Entry, the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel in which such Fish shall be imported, shall make Oath before the Collector or Comptroller of the Revenue, at the Port of Importation, (who is hereby authorized and required to administer such Oath) , that such Fish was actually caught, taken and cured wholly by His Majesty's Subjects.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That Whale Fins, Oil or

Blubber of Whales, Seal Oil, or Seal Skins, or any other Produce of Fish or Seals, or other Creatures, taken or caught in any Part of the Ocean, by Subjects of His Majesty, usually residing in Great Britain or Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey,

Alderney, Sark or Man, in Ships or Vessels built in any Part of the United Kingdom or the said Islands, owned, registered and navigated according to Law, shall and may, from and after the passing of this Act, be admitted to Entry on Payment of the Duty by this Act imposed on such Articles of British fishing or catching, provided that Proof be made that the said Articles were actually caught and taken by the Crew of the Vessel in which they are imported, by the Oath of the Master of such Vessel, that the same were bond Jide so caught and taken: And provided always, that a Log Book shall be constantly kept on board such Ship or Vessel, in which Log Book the various Situations and Occurrences respecting such Ship or Vessel, during the whole Course of the Voyage, shall be inserted every Day, and particularly the Times when such Ship or Vessel shall have been in Sight of Land, distinguishing what Land and the Bearings thereof, and the supposed Distances therefrom, and the Soundings, and also the Time when, and the Latitude in which any Whale or other Creature living in the Sea shall have been killed, taken or caught b}' the Crew of such Ship or Vessel; which Log Book so to be kept as aforesaid, shall be delivered by the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, at the Time of his making a Report of such Ship or Vessel, to the Collector or Comptroller at the Port in Ireland where such Ship or Vessel shall arrive, for his Inspection and Examination; and the said Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, together with the Mate thereof, shall jointly and severally verify on Oath, the Contents of such Log Book before such Collector or Comptroller, who is hereby authorized and required to administer the same.

XXIII. And Whereas it is expedient that Oil or Blubber of ‘ Fish, or Creatures living in the Sea, actually caught and taken ‘ on the Banks and Shores of the Island of Newfoundland and

4 Parts

A.D. 1805.

45° GEO. III. C. 18.

49

4 Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majesty's Subjects, carrying on the said Fishery from the said Island, and residing therein, should be admitted to Entry on Payment of the like Duty as if caught and taken wholly by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on the said Fishery from His Majesty's European Dominions, and usually residing in the said Dominions; ’ Be it therefore enacted, That Oil or Blubber from and after the passing of this Act, all such Oil or Blubber shall be admitted to Entry, on Payment of the Duty by this Act iand, by°Sub-" imposed on Train Oil or Blubber of or British jects*residing

Fishing, notwithstanding such Oil or Blubber of Fish, or Creatures there, may be living in the Sea, shall have been caught and taken by His Ma- entered on jesty’s Subjects carrying on the said Fishery from and residing in the said Island: Provided always, that before any such Oil or ArticieTof1 Blubber shall be admitted to Entry as aforesaid, the Master or Newfoundland other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship of British fish-or Vessel in which any such Oil or Blubber shall be imported, on Condi-shall produce and deliver to the Collector or Comptroller, at the tions.lier<\in Port in Ireland into which such Oil or Blubber shall be imported, nieiltlone a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the Naval Officer in Newfoundland, or if there shall not be any Naval Officer, then under the Hand and Seal of the Commander of any of His Majesty's Ships stationed there, testifying that Oath has been made before him (who is hereby authorized and required in such Case to administer the same) by the Person-or Persons who actually caught the Fish, or Creatures living in the Sea, from which the Oil or Blubber mentioned in such Certificate was produced, that such Oil or Blubber was really and bona fide the Oil or Blubber of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, actually caught and taken on the Banks and Shores of the Island of Newfoundland and Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on such Fishery from the said Island and residing therein; and provided such Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Oath by Master Ship or Vessel, so importing such Oil or Blubber, shall also make of Identity of Oath before such Collector or Comptroller, (who is hereby authorized and required to administer the same,) that the Oil or Blubber so imported are the same Oil or Blubber mentioned and referred to in the said Certificate.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and Fish Oil, &c. may be lawful for the Importer, Proprietor or Consignee of any directly from Fish Oil or Blubber, Seal Skins or other Produce of the British may bgim Newfoundland Fishery imported into Ire, directly from the bonded. Island of Newfoundland, to warehouse the same in, and to

give Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with One sufficient Surety in the Penalty of Treble the Amount of the Duty on such Fish Oil, or other Produce as aforesaid, with Condition that such Fish Oil, or other Produce of the said Fishery, shall be duly exported from Ireland, within Twelve Calendar Months from the Date of such Bond, or that the Duties by this Act imposed on the Importation thereof shall be paid on the same being taken out of the Warehouse for Home Consumption, or within such Twelve Calendar Months, which Bond shall be taken by the Collector or Comptroller of the Revenue at the Port of Importation, who is hereby authorized and required to take such Bond.

45 Geo. III. E 44 How

50

C. IS.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

" How Drawbacks and Bounties shall be paid, under 44 G. 8. " c. 26.; and this Act. [See § 1. Note, and Notes to

Sch. A. SfZL] " No Drawbacks unless Goods exported within

" Three Years, and Drawbacks claimed within Two Years after. § 25.

No Drawback on Goods exported to Isle of Faro.

How Drawbacks and Bounties on Sugars exported, paid.

Drawback of all Duty on Wines for Use of Officers of the Navy.

No Duty except Alnage paid on Exportation of Irish Produce, not mentioned in Schedule C.

Entry, &c- to be made of all Goods for Exportation Duty-free.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Drawback or Bounty shall be allowed for any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, Articles or Things whatsoever, which shall be exported from Ireland to the Islands of Faro or Ferro.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That during the Continuance of an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, and for

ing, until the Fifteenth Day o/1 January One thousand eight hundred

and four, other Drawbacks and Bounties instead thereof; and of

the several Acts made for continuing and amending the same; the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of the several Sorts of Sugar in the said Acts mentioned shall be allowed and paid, subject nevertheless to the Regulations, Provisions and Directions in the said recited Acts and in this Act mentioned and contained.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That upon the shipping of

any Wines in anjr Port in Ireland in Ships belonging to His Majesty's Navy for the Use of Admirals, Captains or other Commissioned Officers employed in His Majesty's Service for their actual Consumption on board such of His Majesty's Ships as they shall serve in and for no other Purpose, a Drawback of the whole Amount of the Duties paid on the Importation of such Wines into Ireland shall be allowed and paid under this Act; provided that no such Wines shall be shipped on board any of His Majesty's Ships of War for the Purpose aforesaid, other than in the Presence and under the Care and Inspection of an Officer of the Revenue to be from time to time appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Revenue in Ireland: Provided also, that such Wines shall be so shipped within Three Years from the Importation thereof, and under such other Regulations and Restrictions as may be from time to time made and required by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland and the Privy Council of Ireland for the time being. [See 54 G.3. c. 129. §1.20.]

" Drawbacks on Exportation of Tobacco manufactured (except " to G.B.) § 29. [Made to cease, 54 G. 3. c. 129. § L]

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no Custom, Subsidy or Duty whatever (except the Alnage Duties) shall be payable to His Majesty, His Pleirs and Successors, upon the Exportation from Ireland of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of Ireland, other than such Duties upon Exportation as are mentioned in the said Schedule marked (C-.) to this Act annexed; provided that due Entry be first made of all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize as shall be entitled to be exported Duty free, at the Custom House of the Port where the same shall be exported; which Entry shall express the Quantity and Quality and the Particulars of each Denomination of the

Goods

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 18.

51

Goods so to be exported, and the Particulars and Contents of each Package in which such Goods are exported, and shall be made in all Respects in the same Manner as the Laws in force may require in respect of any Goods exported from and so as the

same be shipped at the Places and Times required by Law, and in Presence of the proper Officer, and be by him examined; and so as that the Exporter of any Goods the Produce or Manufacture of Ireland do first make Oath, or if a known Quaker, a solemn Affirmation, before the Collector or Comptroller, which Oath or Affirmation they are severally hereby required and empowered to administer, that such Goods are of Irish Manufacture or Produce, or both, as the Case may be; and in Default of performing such respective Requisites or any of them, such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of His Majesty's Revenue.

" Drawback on the Exportation of Spirits (except to Great Britain.) § 31. [Made to cease, 54 G. 3. c. 129. § 1.]

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That over and above the said Drawbacks on all Spirits distilled in Ireland, and which shall be shipped for Exportation, except to Great there shall

be allowed and paid to the Person or Persons exporting Spirits made and distilled from Malt, made of Corn of the Growth or Produce of Ireland, when the Price of Barley in Ireland, as ascertained in the Maimer specified in an Act passed in Ireland in the Twenty third and Twenty fourth Years of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for regulating the Corn Trade, promoting Agriculture, and providing a regular and steady Supply of Corn this Kingdom, and for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, the Duties therein mentioned, or by any Act for amending the same, shall not exceed Sixteen Shillings the Barrel, a Bounty of Four Pence for every Gallon of such Spirits out of the Duties hereby granted; but under the same Rules and Regulations, and subject to the same Securities, Exceptions, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are enacted with respect to the Bounties on Corn exported.

" Drawback on Malt; all the Duties paid. On Beer 6s. 11|^. per " Barrel. § 33. [Made to cease, 54 G. 3. c. 129. § L]

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That on all Strong Beer and Ale brewed in Ireland, and which shall be shipped for Exportation to any Place except Great Britain, there shall be allowed and paid to the Person or Persons exporting such strong Beer or Ale made wholly from Malt, the Growth or Produce of Ireland, when the Price of Barley, ascertained in the Manner specified in the said Act passed in Ireland in the Twenty third and Twenty fourth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, or by any Act for amending the same, shall not exceed Sixteen Shillings the Barrel, a Bounty of One Shilling and Nine Pence for every Thirty two Gallons of Strong Beer or Ale, out of such Monies as shall arise from the Duties hereby granted; under the same Rules and Regulations, and subject to the same Securities, Exceptions, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are enacted with respect to the Bounties on Corn exported.

E 2 " Drawback

Bounty on Corn Spirits, when Barley is not above 16s. per Barrel.

23 & 24 G.3. (I.) c.l9.

Bounty of Is. 9d. per Barrel on Beer exported, when the Price of Barley (under 23&*24 G.3. (I.) c 19.) is under 16s. per Barrel.

52

C. 18.

45° GEO. III.

Residue of Duties on Hides exported, &c. applicable to encouraging raising of Flax Seed.

Duties, &c. applicable to Linen Manufactures, exempt from Fees.

2s. 6d. Duty, &c. on Entries in Port of Dublin, and’2d. Duty on Trading Ships, shall be paid into the Exchequer. Application thereof.

Duties not otherwise appropriated, carried to Irish Consolidated Fund; as also Fees payable at Irish Exchequer.

A.D. 1805.

" Drawback on Export of Glass Bottles, Paper and Paper Hangings. § 35. — Drawback on Leather, Parchment, on Leather <(Manufactures. § 36. [The§§ 35, 36. made to

cease, 54 G.3. c. 129. § 1.]

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the Duties by this Act imposed on Raw and Untanned Hides exported, and on Linseed Oil, Chocolate and Cocoa Nuts imported, as shall remain, after deducting the hereditary Duties to the Crown thereon, shall be paid, and issued by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Ireland for the time being, to the Trustees for encouraging the Linen and Hempen Manufactures of

to be by them applied towards encouraging the raising of Flax Seed in Ireland.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Duties paid to, and all Sums granted to the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures shall be exempted from the Payment of all Fees.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Monies to arise

from the respective Duties of Two Shillings and Sixpence [a], and Two Pence, in the said Schedule marked (D.) mentioned, upon Entries Inwards and Outwards, in the Port of, and upon

certain Ships and Vessels trading to shall be paid into the

Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in; and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland for the time being shall cause Sixpence of the said Duties of Two Shillings and Sixpence in the said Schedule mentioned to be paid to the Trustees of the Royal Exchange in the City of, to be by them

applied towards keeping the same in Repair, and towards the Discharge of the Wages of Servants employed therein; and the Residue of the said Duties of Two Shillings and Sixpence to the Corporation for erecting Buildings for Commercial Purposes, to be by them applied towards the Discharge of the Interest of such Monies as have been borrowed, or shall be borrowed, not exceeding in the Whole, in any One Year, the Sum of Thirteen thousand Pounds, for erecting and finishing the said Buildings, and towards discharging the Principal, and to and for no other Purpose, to be accounted for before the Commissioners of Imprest Accounts in Ireland. (a)[As to the Application of the 2 6d.

see Note to Schedule D. post."]

XL. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Rates and Duties granted by this Act, and not hereby appropriated or directed to be applied to any particular Use or Uses, Purpose or Purposes, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same being deducted, shall be carried to and be Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland; and that the Sum of Sixpence per Pound, and all other Fees which shall or may be payable to the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Clerk of the Pells, or

any other Officer of the Treasury of Ireland, upon issuing or Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, shall be carried to the said Consolidated Fund, in Aid and Addition to the Duties hereby granted, and shall be accounted for accordingly.

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 18.

53

XLI. And be it further enacted, That neither the Sum of Six- No Fees on pence per Pound, nor any other Fee, shall be payable to or be deducted or received by any Officer or Officers of the Treasury Ann^kies* of Ireland for or on Account of the issuing or Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money in Discharge of any Part of the National Debt of Ireland, or of any Interest or Annuities on the same.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all the several Duties, Duties under, Rates and Impositions hereby granted upon Goods, Wares and j^te^as imder Merchandize, imported into and exported from, (except j^cise Act

as to such of the said Duties as may by Law be bonded during 14 & 15C. 2.C.S. such Time only as such Duties shall not be demandable) and all (I.)and other Penalties and Forfeitures in respect thereof, shall be raised, levied, Acts in force in collected and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, I, e1aud-in the same Manner, and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and Directions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as are appointed, directed and expressed for the raising, collecting, levying, paying and managing of Duties payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandize, imported into and exported from in and by

an Act of Parliament made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Acinar settling of the Excise or New Impost upon His

Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, according to the Booh of Rates

therein inserted, and by any other Act or Acts in force in,

relating to the Revenue of Customs and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were herein expressed and enacted, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said last mentioned Act, passed in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other Act or Acts as aforesaid, is provided.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That all Duties, Drawbacks, Duties paid in Bounties and Allowances in this Act, and in the respective Sche- Proportion to dules hereunto annexed, specified, mentioned and contained, shall the Quantity, be paid and received upon the several Articles and Things in this Act and the said Schedules mentioned, according to the Tale,

Weight, Gauge, Measure or Value of the said Articles respectively specified, and also in Proportion upon any greater or less Number, Weight, Quantity, Measure or Value of such Articles,

Matters and Things respectively; and that the said Duties, and in British Drawbacks, Allowances and Bounties, shall be paid and payable, Currency, and received and receivable in British Currency; and that in all Cases where any such Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances or Bounties, on the Importation or Exportation of Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Manufactures, are directed to be ascertained by the Value thereof, such Value as well as the Rate of Duty, in respect thereof, shall be taken in British Currency; except the Duties on Except on Raw the Importation of Raw or Thrown Silk, or Foreign Salt, into or Thrown Silk, Ireland, and all Drawbacks in respect of the said Duties on Raw Foreign or Thrown Silk, and except the Duties on the Importation into a tf &c’ Ireland of Salt, Hops and Coals, from Great Britain, and all Drawbacks in respect of the said Duties on Hops and Coals, and except the Drawbacks on the Exportation from Ireland of Leather, and Leather Manufactures, Glass Bottles, Vellurn and Parchment;


54-

C, IS.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Powers of Act applied to Recovery of Arrears of former Duties.

Act may be altered, &c. this Session.

and except also the Countervailing Duty by this Act imposed on the Importation of all Silk Manufactures of Great, and

the Countervailing Drawback in respect thereof, and the Bounty on the Export of Silk Manufactures from Provided also,

that no Drawback whatever shall be paid in British Currency, unless the Duty in respect whereof such Drawback shall be allowed shall have been likewise paid in the same Currency.

" Bonds given under 44 G. 3. c. 103. 5.26. for Seven Pounds " Ton of the Duty on Spanish Wines vacated, and the Parties " not liable to Duty bonded. § 44. [

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all the Clauses, Regulations and Provisions in this Act contained shall and may be applied in the levying and recovering of all Duties and Arrears of Duties, imposed by any former Act or Acts in Force in,

on or before the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five; as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Duties and Arrears of Duties had become due and payable under this Act.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

" Continuance of Act, 25th March 1806. — § 47.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

A SCHEDULE OF THE NET DUTIES payable on Importation into Ireland of the Goods, Wares and Merchandize therein enumerated or described, (not being the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great and of

the DRAWBACKS to be allowed on the due Exportation thereof from Ireland,

[The Duties and Drawbacks in this Schedule made to,

54 G. 3. c. 129. § 8.]

SCHEDULE (B.)

A SCHEDULE OF THE NET DUTIES to be charged on the Importation into Ireland of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, therein enumerated or described, being of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the United States of, and of the

Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation thereof from Ireland.

[The Duties and Dratvbaclcs in this Schedule made to, and others granted, 54 G. 3. c. 129. § 8.]

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 18.

55

SCHEDULE (C.)

A SCHEDULE OF THE DUTIES payable upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture, of Ireland.

OUTWARDS.

Ashes of Wood, the Last of 12 Barrels

----of all other Sorts, for every 100/. of the Value -

Bacon, the Flitch -

----other, and Hams, the cwt.

Bones, Ox, the 1000 -

----unmanufactured, for every 100/. of the Value

CalveS’ } for every 100/. of the Value -

Cards, Wool, the Dozen, viz.

----new -

----old ......

Cheese, the cwt.

Coney Hair or Wool, black or white, the lb. -Copperas, for every 100/. of the Value Fur, called Rabbit’s Grey Fur, the lb.

Furrier’s Waste, for every 100/. of the Value Geldings, or Nags. See Horses.

Greaves, or Grease, the cwt.

Guts, Ox Guts, the Barrel -

---- of other Animals, for every 100/. of the Value

Hair, viz.

---- Harts, the cwt ......

---- Horse, the cwt.

---- Human, for every 100/. of the Value

---- Kids, for every 100/. of the Value

•---- Ox, Cows or Bulls, the cwt.

Hartshorn the cwt.

Hides, Raw or Untanned, the Piece -

Hogs or Pigs, the Piece alive -

Hogs’ Lard, the cwt. -Horns, viz.

---- — Bucks, the Hundred of 6 Score

----Goats, the cwt.

----other Horns, the 1000 of 6 Score to the Hundred, viz.

----Ox ......

----Rams -

— ----Sheep -

----Stags -

---- Tips of Horns -

Horn Shavings, for every 100/. of the Value -Horses, Mares, Geldings and Mules, the Piece Hoofs, of all Sorts, for every 100/. of the Value Lead, cast or uncast, the Ton of 20 cwt.

----Ore, for every 100/. of the Value

Leather of all Sorts, tanned, tawed or in any way dressed, the cwt.

Duties. s.

0 1 8

5 0 0

0 0 1

0 0 2

0 0 4

5 0 0

5 0 0

0 0 8

0 0 5

0 0 6

0 0 7

5 0 0

0 0 3

5 0 0

0 0 2

0 1 0

5 0 0

0 2 2

0 8 0

5 0 0

5 0 0

0 2 0

0 1 6

0 2 0

0 3 0

0 0 11

0 0 3

0 0 6

0 2 6

0 1 0

0 0 2

0 1 7

0 0 9

5 0 0

1 0 0

5 0 0

2 13 9

5 0 0

0 1 4

E4

56

c. 18. 45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

SCHEDULE (C.) — continued.

Linen Rags or Shreds, the Ton of 20 cwt.

Linseed or Flaxseed, the Quarter, of 8 Bushels Litharge of Lead, the cwt. -Manure. See Soap Boilers’ Waste.

Nags. See Horses.

Oxen, Cows or Steers, the Head -Oysters in Pickle, the Gallon -

Rapeseed, the Quarter of 8 Bushels -

Skins, viz.

----Badger, the Piece -

----Calves. See Calves’ Skins.

---- tanned. See Leather tanned.

----Cat, the Hundred of 5 Score -

----Deer, undressed, for every 100/. of the Value

----Dog, the Dozen

----Fox, the Piece -

---- — Goat, undressed, for every 100/. of the Value -

----Hare, undressed, for every 100/. of the Value -

----Kid, dressed or undressed, the Hundred of

6 Score -

---- — Kips and Runners, for every 100/. of the Value

----Lamb, dressed without the Wool on, the Hundred of 6 Score -

• ---tanned, tawed or dressed, the cwt.

Note. No Lamb Skins, whether slink or slaughtered, from which the W'ool shall not have been taken off, shall be exported, except to Great Britain, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture thereof.

----Martin, for every 100/. of the Value -

— ----Otter, raw, the Piece -

----tanned, the Piece -

----Wombs, for every 100/. of the Value -

----Rabbits and Conies, the Hundred of 6 Score, viz.

• ---black, with or without silver Hairs,

dressed or tawed -

---- grey, seasoned -

---- grey, stagged

----grey, tawed -

----dressed, tawed or dyed into Colours

----Sheep, the 120, viz.

----dressed, without the Wool on

---- with the Wool on

---- tawed, with the "Wool on

— ---- Pelts, dressed or undressed

---- tanned, tawed or dressed, the cwt.

.-- — Squirrel, the 1000 -

----Stag, the Piece,

.----Swan, the Piece -

Slugs of Horns, for every 100/. of the Value -Soap-boilers’Waste and all other Manure (exceptLime) , the Ton -Tallow, the cwt.

Duties.

5. d.

3 5 8

0 3 0

0 0 3

0 6 6

0 0 1

0 0 6

0 0 1

0 1 4

5 0 0

0 0 2

0 0 1

5 0 0

5 0 0

0 3 0

5 0 0

0 3 0

0 1 4

5 0 0

0 0 ]

0 0 2

5 0 0

0 1 4

0 1 0

0 0 6

0 0 8

0 1 0

0 3 0

1 0 0

0 1 6

0 1 6

0 1 4

0 2 6

0 0 6

0 0 4

5 0 0

1 0 0

0 1 6

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III.

57

C. 18.

SCHEDULE (C.) — continued.

Tanners’ Waste, for every 100/. of the Value -Tongues, called Neats’ Tongues, the Dozen -Tonnage Duty. See Schedule (D.)

Tripes, the cwt.

Wax, unmanufactured, the cwt. -Weld, the cwt.

Woad, the Ton of 20 cwt.

----Nets, the Hundred of 5 Score

Yarn, Linen, for every Pack of statutable Linen Yarn of 400lbs. Weight, at 6 Score to the Hundred

[The Duties specified in this Schedide continued until altered or repealed, 54 G. 3. c. 129. $11.; hut the additional Exportation Duties of lZ. 1 Os. and 4/. of this Schedide are made to cease, and other Duties granted, 55 G. 3. c. 24. § 1.]

Duties.

£. s. d.

5 0 0

0 0 4

0 0 1

0 4 0

0 1 3

0 10 0

0 0 6

1 0 0

SCHEDULE (D.)

A SCHEDULE OF THE DUTIES payable upon Ships, Vessels or other Bottoms, trading to Irel, from any Country whatsoever, over and above all other Duties payable on the Tonnage thereof, and of the Duties payable on Entries Inwards and Outwards in the Port of Dublin, over and above all Fees payable for the same.

Duties.

Upon every Ton of every Ship, Vessel or other Bottom d.

trading to Ireland (except Coasters, and except Ships laden with Coals only trading to the Port of Dublin) - -002

Upon every Entry Inwards, made in the Port of Dublin (Except Port Entries and Entries on Coals) -Upon every Entry Outwards made in the Port of Dublin - -026

[The Duties in this Schedide continued until altered or

54 G. 3. c. 129. § 11. — As to the Application of 2s. 6d. Duties, see 54 G. 3. c. 81. § 2.]

SCHEDULE (E.)

A SCHEDULE OF BOUNTIES AND ALLOWANCES to be paid on the due Exportation of certain Manufactures of Ireland therein mentioned; and also of the Bounties to be allowed and paid on the Importation of Bark or Hemlock for Tanner’s Use.

Bounties

BOUNTIES. — Outwards. an<l

Allowances.

LINEN.

All Manufactures of Buckram, Filleting and Linen, of the Breadth of 25 Inches or more, whether plain,

5$

C. 18.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Bounties

SCHEDULE (E.) — . anti

Allowances.

printed, painted, stained, stamped or dyed; and s. d. all printed, painted, stained, stamped or dyed Calico or Cotton, or Cotton mixed with Linen of the like Breadth, viz. For every Yard thereof Under the Value of 5d. which shall be exported

from Ireland to Africa, AmeriSpain, 'Portugal, Gibraltar or Minorca - - 0 0

Of the Value of 5d. and under the Value of 6d. which shall be exported to anj7 of the Places aforesaid - - -001

Of the Value of 6d. and not exceeding 1$. 6d. in Value, which shall be exported to any of the Places aforesaid - -0QH

And so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

The Value of such Linens, Calicoes and Cottons, if printed, painted, stained, stamped or dyed, or of such Cottons mixed with Linen, whereupon they are to be respective^ entitled to the Bounties aforesaid, to be deemed their Value when in a plain State, and exclusive of such printing, painting, staining, stamping or dying.

Note. Kentings, and all Fabrics made of Linen and Hempen Yarn only, to be deemed and considered as Linen.

All Manufactures of Linen, checqued or striped with any other Material than Linen Yarn, of the Breadth of 25 Inches or more, and of the Value of 7 cl the Yard, and not exceeding Is. 6d. in Value, which shall be exported to any of the Places aforesaid, for every Yard thereof - 0 0 0

And so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

When any of the aforesaid Linens shall not be of the Breadth of 25 Inches, they shall be entitled to receive the Bounty after the Rates aforesaid, deeming every 900 Square Inches equal to One Yard of 25 Inches Breadth or upwards.

All Manufactures of Diapers, Huckabacks, Sheetings or Linens, upwards of One Yard in Breadth, and not exceeding Is. 6d. the Square Yard in Value, which shall be exported to any of the Places aforesaid, for every Square Yard thereof 0 0 1

And so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

All Manufactures of Sail Cloth or Canvas fit for or made into Sails, which shall be exported, for every Three Ells thereof - 0 0 6

And so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

SILK.

[Continued by various Acts, and last the 5th July 1815.

54 G.3. c. 81. § i.; but no further Continuation . Exp.']

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 18.

59

SCHEDULE (E.) - continued.

BOOKS.

Books unbound, if printed on British or Foreign s. d. Paper, for every lb. thereof Avoirdupois - 0 0 1

{The Bounties and Allowances specified Schedule on

Linens, Calicoes and Cottoand on Books, continued

until altered or repealed, 54 3. c. 129. §11.; but the

Bounties on Bark and Hemlock imported, are made to cease, 54 G.3. c. 129. §19.; and those on Printed Calicoes and Cottons, and Cotton mixed with Linen, of the Breadth of 25 Inches or more, are made to cease, 55 G. 3. c. 183.

SUGAR REFINED.

The Bounties thereon are regulated by Particular Acts.

BOUNTIES. — Inwards.

{See Note to Books

Duties

and

Allowances.

SCHEDULE (F.)

COUNTERVAILING DUTIES payable on the Importation from Great Britain into Ireland of certain Articles of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, in lieu of Countervailing Duties on the like Articles under former Acts.

BEER.

Countervailing

Duties.

For and upon every Barrel of Beer or Ale, containing d.

Thirty two Gallons, brewed or made in Great Britain - - 0 6 111

And so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

CARDS AND DICE.

For and upon every Pack of printed, painted or playing Cards, made and manufactured in Great Britain0 2 0

And a further Duty, the lb. - 0 0 3

For and upon every Pair of Dice made or manufactured in Great Britain - 0 15 0

PAPER.

For and upon every lb. Weight Avoirdupois,

Of Paper fit or proper for, or that may be used for or applied to the Uses or Purposes of Writing, Drawing or Printing, or either of them, and all Elephant Paper and Cartridge Paper - 0 0 3

Of all coloured Paper and Whited Brown Papers, other than and except Elephant and Cartridge Paper, fit or proper for the Uses or Purposes of wrapping up Goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of

60

C. 18.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

SCHEDULE (F.) - Coi^linS

being used for, or applied to the Uses or Purposes jg. d.

of Writing, Drawing and Printing, or either of them,

and also except Paper Hangings - 0 0 2

6f Brown Paper fit and proper for the Use and Purpose of wrapping up Goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being used for or applied to the Uses or Purposes of Writing, Drawing or Printing, or either of them - - -001

For and upon every Hundred Weight

Of glazed Paper for Clothiers and Hotpressers - 0 5 0

And so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Of Pasteboard, Millboard and Scaleboard - 1 0 0

And so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

For and upon every Pound Weight of every Sort or Kind of Paper not hereinbefore particularly enumerated or described, (other than and except Papers commonly called or known by the Names of Sheathing Paper and Button Paper, or Button Board and Paper Hangings) - -003

STAINED PAPER.

For and upon every Square Yard of printed, painted or stained Paper for Hangings or other Uses, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity 0 0 2

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Books bound or unbound, and of Maps or Prints, which shall be imported into Ireland from Great Britain - - 0 0 21

WROUGHT PLATE.

For and upon every Ounce Troy of Gold or Silver Plate, wrought, made or manufactured in Great Britain - -010

SILK MANUFACTURES.

For and upon all Silks, being of the Manufacture of Great Britain, and imported directly from thence, the following Duties, in Irish Currency, viz.

For and upon every Pound thereof, containing 16

Ounces;

Of all Ribbons and Stuffs of Silk only - 0 2 61

Of all Ribbons and Ribbons of Silk, mixed with

Gold or Silver - - -03 4

Of all Silk Stockings, Silk Gloves, Silk Fringe,

Silk Laces, Stitching and Sewing Silk - - 0 1 6£

Of all Manufactures of Silk not otherwise enumerated or described - - 0 2 0£

Of all Stuffs of Silk and Grogram Yarn - - 0 0 7J

Of all Stuffs of Silk mixed with Incle or Cotton - 0 0 lOf

A.D. 1805. 4-5° GEO. III.

SCHEDULE (F.) — .

Of all Stuffs of Silk and Worsted, mixed Of all Stuffs of Silk mixed with any other Material 0 0

And so in Proportion for any greater or less ' Quantity.

SPIRITS.

For and upon every Gallon of Spirits, being of the

Manufacture of Great Britain; - - 0 5 1{

SUGAR REFINED.

Of the Manufacture of Great Britain, For and upon every Hundred Weight, containing 112 lbs.

Of all Sugars called Bastards, whole or ground - 1 6 6

----Lumps - - 2 9 8

---- Single Loaf Sugar ' - - 2 13 0

----Powder Loaf and Double Loaf 2 16 111

---- Sugar Candy, brown - - 2 9

----Sugar Candy, white - - 2 16 lli

Of all Refined Sugar of any other Sorts - - 2 16 11£

C. 18.

Countervailing

Duties.

s. d. -005

SWEETS OR MADE WINES.

For and upon every Barrel containing 32 Gallons Wine Measure of British Sweets, or other British Liquor, made by Infusion, Fermentation or otherwise, from Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit and Sugar mixed with any other Material or Ingredient whatsoever, commonly called Sweets, or called or distinguished by the Name of Made Wines -

TOBACCO AND SNUFF.

For and upon every Pound Avoirdupois of unmanufactured Tobacco, of the Growth or Produce of Great Britain, over and above any Duties of Customs now payable -

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of British manufactured Short Cut Tobacco, or Tobacco manufactured into what is commonly known or called by the Name of Spanish British manufactured Shag Tobacco, cut -British manufactured Roll Tobacco British manufactured Carrot Tobacco Of every other Sort of British manufactured Tobacco not hereinbefore enumerated or described British manufactured Rappee Snuff British manufactured Snuff, called Scotch Snuff British manufactured Snuff, called Brown Scotch Snuff -British manufactured Stalk Flour - For and upon every Pound of every other Sort or Kind of British manufactured Snuff or Snuff Work not hereinbefore enumerated or described -

5 5 0

0 0 9

0 1 5

0 1 3

0 1 5

0 1 3

0 1 5

0 I 2

0 1 9

0 1 H

0 1 8

0 1 9

61

w

62

C. 19, 20, 21.

45s GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

EKP.

4SG. 3. C. 2S.

Rates on Conveyance of Letters in Ireland, granted by recited Act (except the Penny Post) repealed, and the following Rates to be paid.

Rates within Ireland.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six («) , certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in, in

lieu of former Duties of Excise and Taxes.

[25th March 1805.] (a) [Continued until 2, 9th September 1806. — 46 G. 3. 12.;

§ 1. but no further Continuation ]

CAP. XX.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties in Ireland.

[25th March 1805.]

[Repealed 46 G. 3. c. 64-. §1.]

CAP. XXL

An Act for repealing certain Duties upon Letters and Packets sent by the Post within Ireland, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

[25th March 1805.]

‘ WJ DEREAS by an Act, made in the Forty third Year of the ‘ Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Letters and Packets sent by the Post within Ireland, certain Duties of Postage ‘ were imposed within Ireland; and it is expedient that the said ‘ Rates and Duties (except as hereinafter mentioned) should cease ‘ and determine, and other Rates and Duties be granted in lieu ‘ thereof May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act, the Rates and Duties for the Postage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets sent by the Post in Ireland, granted by the said recited Act, (except the Rates and Duties by the said Act granted on Letters and Packets conveyed by the Penny Post in Ireland,) shall cease and determine; and that, from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Postmaster or Postmasters General of Ireland for the time being, and his or their Deputy or Deputies, Servants and Agents, to and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to demand, have, receive and take for the Portage and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets which he or they shall convey, carry or send Post to and from Places within, according to the several Rates and Sums of Money, Irish Currency, hereinafter mentioned; that is to say,

For the Port and Conveyance of every Single Letter or Piece of Paper from the Office in Ireland, where such Letter or Piece of Paper shall be put in, to any Distance within the same, not exceeding Fifteen Miles, Irish Measure, the Sum of Three Pence; and to any Distance exceeding Fifteen Miles, and not

exceeding

A.D. 1805.

4, 5° GEO. III. C. 21.

65

exceeding Thirty Miles, the Sum of Four Pence; and to any Distance exceeding Thirty Miles, and not exceeding Fifty Miles, the Sum of Five Pence; and to any Distance exceeding Fifty Miles, and not exceeding Eighty Miles, the Sum of Sixpence; and to any Distance exceeding Eighty Miles, the Sum of Seven Pence:

And for the Port or Conveyance of every Double Letter, double the said Sums respectively; and for every Treble Letter, treble the said Sums respectively; and for every Ounce Weight, Four Times the said Sums respectively; and so in Proportion for any greater Weight than One Ounce, reckoning every Quarter of an Ounce equal to a Single Letter:

And that all Letters and Packets directed from any Place in Ireland to any Part or Parts in Great Britain or beyond the Seas, or received in Ireland from Great Britain or any Part or Parts beyond the Seas, shall be charged and pay for their Portage and Conveyance within from or to

Waterford or Donaghadee, or any other Port where Packet Boats for the Convej’ance of Letters to and from Ireland are or may be established, as they shall respectively be shipped from or ianded in any of the said Places according to the Rates aforesaid:

And that every Letter or Packet passing through the General Post Office in the City of Dublin, from any Place within Ireland not less distant than Four Miles from the General Post Office in the said City, to any Place within Ireland not less distant than Four Miles from the General Post Office in the said City, shall be charged and pay according to the Distances hereinbefore mentioned to Dublin, and be further charged and pay according to the said Rates from Dublin:

And that for every Letter or Packet directed on board, or brought or sent from on board ary Ship or Vessel riding or stopping in any Port within Ireland, there shall be charged and paid to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, over and above the Rates aforesaid, the Sum of One Penny.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Rates and Duties hereby granted shall be raised, levied, collected, managed, recovered and applied under such and the like Powers and Authorities, Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, and subject to the like Provisions, Exemptions and Exceptions, and Privileges, as are mentioned, expressed and contained in the said recited Act of the Forty third Year aforesaid, or in any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Rates and Duties on Letters and Packets sent by the Post within Ireland; and that all and every the Clauses, Matters and Things in the said recited Act of the Forty third Year aforesaid, mentioned, expressed and contained, or in any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to such Rates and Duties, shall be applied and extended, and shall be construed to apply and extend to this present Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act; save only so far as respects the Amount of the Duties under the said Acts, or any of them.

Rates between Ireland and G. B.&c.

Letters passing in Ireland through Dublin.

Ship Letters.

Rates shall be levied as those under recited Act.

64

Act may be altered, &c. this Session.

EXP.

EXP.

EXP.

EXP.

EXP.

C. 21 — 26. 45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

[Rates "within Ireland repealed, 54 G. 3. 119. § 1.]

CAP. XXII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duty upon Malt made in Ireland, and upon Spirits made or distilled in Ireland,

for the Year One thousand eight hundred and five.

[25th March 1805.]

[Continued by several Acts, and last until 5th 1815. —

54 G.3. c. 81. § 1.; but no further Continuation appears I]

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six, and to amend several Acts for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland.

[25th March 1805.]

[Continued until 2 \5th March 1807. — 46 . 3. c. 14.; bat no

further Continuation appears.]

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six, an Act, passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great, and for allowing

other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof.

[25th March 1805.]

CAP. XXV.

An Act to continue an Act for suspending the Operation of an Act of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negociation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum in, until

Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

[25th March 1805.]

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for continuing several Laws relating to the permitting the Warehousing of Spirits in Ireland for ^Exportation, for, charging a Duty on the same when taken out for Home Consumption, and for regulating the Exportation to Great Britain of Spirits not Warehoused, until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and five; to the prohibiting the Exportation from and permitting the Importation to Great Britain of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, without 21 Payment

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 26, 27, 28.

65

Payment of Duty, and to the prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, or other Provisions, and to the permitting the Importation into Ireland of Corn, Fish and Provisions, without Payment of Duty, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six.

[25th March 1805.]

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain, to issue Exchequer Bills on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great,

for the Year One thousand eight hundred and five.

[25th March 1805.]

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Stamp Duties in Great Britain on certain Legacies.

[5th April 1805.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

4 TT7E? Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary

4 Supplies for defraying Your Majesty's public Expences, and making a permanent Addition to the public Revenue, have freely,

and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Duties hereinafter mentioned; and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; ’ And be it enacted, &c.

Additional Duties on Legacies imposed. Duties upon Lega cies exceeding 20 Lout of Real or Personal Estate, and on Residue of Personal Estate, for the Benefit of Children or their Descendants, 1/. per Cent. Certain Legacies out of Real Estates subjected to the same Duties as such Legacies out of Personal Estates, (2/. 10s., 4/. and 51. per Cent.,) under 44 G. 3.

44 c. 98. Additional Duty of 2 I.per Cent, on Legacies out of Personal Estates liable to Duty of 81. per Cent. Duty of 10/.

per Cent, upon Legacies out of Real Estates, which, if payable out of Personal, would be liable to 8/. per Cent, under 44 G. 3.

44 c. 98. — § 1.

[The Duties granted by this Act made to, 48 G. 3. c. 149.]

§ 1. The Remainder of the Act, except so much § 7. is here

retained, relates entirely to the said Duties.

44 Duties not payable on Legacies out of Estates of Persons dying before passing this Act. § 2. Nor for Legacies, &c. to Husband or Wife, or Royal Family. § 3.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Gift by any Will or What deemed Testamentary Instrument of any Person dying after the passing of a Legacy under this Act, which, by virtue of any such Will or Testamentary In- this Act* strument, shall have effect, or be satisfied out of the Personal Estate of such Person so dying, or out of any Personal Estate which such Person shall have Power to dispose of, as he or she 45 Geo. III. F shall

66

C. 28.

4S° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Act not to extend to Appointment by Will under Settlements, &c.

Duties on Legacies charged on Real Estates paid by Trustees, or Persons entitled to such Estate, and retained as under 36 G.3. c. 52.

shall think fit, or which shall have been charged upon or made payable out of any Real Estate, or be directed to be satisfied out of any Monies to arise by the Sale of any Real Estate, of the Person so dying, or which such Person may have the Power to dispose of, whether the same shall be given by way of Annuity, or in any other Form, shall be deemed and taken to be a Legacy within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to the charging with the Duties by this Act granted, any specific Sum or Sums of Money, or any Share or Proportion thereof, charged by any Marriage Settlement or Deed or Deeds upon any Real Estate, in any Case in which any such specific Sum or Sums, or Share or Proportion thereof, shall be appointed or apportioned by any Will or Testamentary Instrument under any Power given for that Purpose by any such Marriage Settlement or Deed or Deeds.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Duties hereby granted upon Legacies, or charged upon or made payable out of any Real Estate, or out of any Monies to arise by the Sale of any Real Estate, or upon Residues, or Parts or Shares of Residues of any such Monies, shall be accounted for, answered and paid by the Trustee or Trustees to whom the Real Estate shall be devised, out of which the Legacy or Legacies, or Share or Shares of any Money arising out of the Sale or Mortgage, or other Disposition of such Real Estate, shall be to be paid or satisfied; or if there shall be no Trustees, then by the Person or Persons entitled to such Real Estate, subject to any such Legacy, or by the Person or Persons empowered or required to pay or satisfy any such Legacy; and the said Duties shall be retained by the Person paying or satisfying any such Legacy or Share of Money, in like Manner, and according to such Rules and Regulations, and under and subject to such Penalties, as far as the same can be made applicable, as are contained in an Act passed in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing certain Duties on Legacies and Shares of Personal,

and for granting other Duties thereon in certain

" Duties to be under the Management of the Commissioners " for Stamps. § 6.

Duties on Legacies granted by 44 G.3. c. 98. and this Act, levied according to Provisions of 36 G.3. c. 52.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Duties on Legacies, granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, and by this Act, shall be raised, levied, accounted for and paid, under and according to the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Thirty sixth Year aforesaid; and all the Provisions, Clauses, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things in the said Act contained in relation to Legacies out of Personal Estates, or to the collecting any Duties thereon, or Valuation of any Annuities, or Periods of paying the Duties thereon by Instalments or otherwise, shall, so far as the same can be made applicable, and in all Cases not expressly provided for by this Act, extend to and be put in force in relation to Legacies, Annuities and Shares of Money arising or to arise out of any Real Estate; and all Directions, Provisions, Forfeitures and Penalties in the said Act contained, as to Executors and Administrators, shall be applied to all Trustees and Owners of any Real Estates chargeable with Legacies, Annuities

A.D. 1805.

45° GEO. III. C. 28, 29.

67

ities or Shares of Money, or out of which, or any Money to arise therefrom, against f any such Legacies, Annuities or Shares of Money, shall be to be satisfied, as fully and amply as if all such Provisions, Clauses, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things, had been repeated and re-enacted in this Act, in relation to Legacies, Annuities and Shares of Money arising or to arise out of any Real Estate.

" Persons counterfeiting Stamps, &c. guilty of Felony without " Benefit of Clergy. § 8. Powers of recited Act, 36 G. 3. c. 52.

" and of all other Stamp Acts in force extended to this Act. § 9.

" Duties shall be carried to British Consolidated Fund. § 10.

" Separate Accounts of Duties shall be kept for Ten Years. § 11.

" Limitation of Actions, Six Months. General Issue. Treble " Costs. § 12. Act may be altered or repealed this Session. § 13.

[Dutiesmade to cease, 48 . 3. c. 149. § 1.]

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties within Great Britain on certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into or brought or carried Coastwise.

[5th April 1805.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary e Supplies to defray Your Majesty's public Expences, have freely < and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several additional Duties hereinafter mentioned; and do there- fore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; And be it enacted, &c.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal or alter any of the Provisions contained in Two Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ir, the one made in the Parliament of Great Britain in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, and the other made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or any other Act or Acts in force on and immediately before the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and five, by which any Goods, Wares or Merchandize imported from Ireland into Great Britain, or any Goods, Wares or Merchandize exported from Great Britain to Ir, are respectively made to remain liable to, charged with, or exempted from any Duties of Customs, whether countervailing or others, or by which any Drawbacks or Bounties are allowed or given in respect of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize,

[The Duties granted by this Act made to cease, 49 G. 3. c. 98.]

§ 1. — see 59 G.3. c. 52.§1. The Remainder of the, except § 9. relates entirely to the said .]

fSic.

Act not to alter any of the Provisions of Acts of Union.

+5° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

68 C. 80.

CAP. XXX.

The Duties specified in Schedule (A.) and the Drawbacks in Schedule (B.) to be paid and allowed.

An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain.

[5th 1805.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and ‘ Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary ‘ Supplies to defray Your Majesty's public. Expences, and making 4 a permanent Addition to the public Revenue, have freely and

* voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several additional Rates and Duties of Excise herein respectively

* mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Ma~ ‘ jesty that it may be enactedAnd be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, throughout

Britain, to and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon the several Goods, Wares, Merchandize and Commodities mentioned and described in the Schedule marked (A.) hereunto annexed, the several Sums of Money and Duties of Excise as they are respectively inserted, described and set forth in the said Schedule; and that there shall be made, allowed and paid, for or in respect of Goods, Wares, Merchandize and Commodities, for or in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is by this Act imposed, to the several Persons entitled to the same, the several Drawbacks of Excise as the same are also respectively inserted, described and set forth in the Schedule marked (B.) hereunto annexed, and also all such special Allowances as are particularly directed by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act; and the same respectively shall commence and take Effect from the respective Day or Days mentioned in the said Schedule, in Cases where any special Date or Dates is or are inserted therein, and in Cases where no such Date is inserted, from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and five.

" Duties shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of " Excise. § 2.

Duties to be paid by the Persons liable to pay like Duties of Excise.

Specific Quantities to apply to greater or less Quantities in

III. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Duties by this Act imposed shall be accounted for, cleared off, paid, satisfied and discharged, by the Person or Persons liable to the accounting for, clearing off, Payment, Satisfaction or Discharge thereof, at such Time and Times, and in such Manner as the Duties of Excise chargeable upon the like Goods, Wares, Merchandize and Commodities respectively, or upon any Person for or in respect thereof, were by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act to be accounted for, cleared off, paid, satisfied or discharged.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where Duties are imposed or Drawbacks allowed by this Act on any specific Quantity of Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, the same shall in every Case be understood, and deemed and taken to apply,

in

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 30.

69

in the same Proportion, and after the same Rate, to any greater or less Quantity than such specific Quantity.

* V. And Whereas Contracts or Agreements may have been made ‘ before the passing of this Act, by Makers or Manufacturers of or i Dealers in the respective Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Com-‘ modities upon which additional Duties are by this Act imposed, ‘ for such Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities respectively, < to be delivered after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and five; ’ Be it therefore enacted, That such Makers, Manufacturers or Dealers, delivering such Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities respectively, after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and five, in pursuance of such Contracts or Agreements, shall be allowed to add so much Money as will be equivalent to the Duties by this Act imposed, for or in respect of such Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities respectively, to the Price thereof, and shall be entitled by virtue of this Act to be paid for the same accordingly.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said several Sums of Money respectively inserted, described and set forth in the said Schedule hereunto annexed marked (A.) , as the Duties of Excise, and the Drawbacks of the Duties of Excise set forth in the said Schedule marked (B.) upon the several and respective Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities inserted therein, shall and may be respectively raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated and allowed, in such and the like Manner, and in or by any or either of the general Means, Ways or Methods by which the former Duties of Excise respective ^, and Drawbacks of Duties of Excise respectively, upon Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities of the same Sorts or Kinds respectively, were or might be raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated and allowed; and the Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, so by this act respectively made liable to the Payment of or chargeable with Duties of Excise, or entitled to Drawbacks of Duties of Excise, as respectively inserted, described and set forth in the said Schedules hereunto annexed, shall be and the same are hereby made subject to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions and Forfeitures to which Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities in general; and also all and every the special Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Forfeitures respectively to which the like Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities respectively were subject and liable, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, respecting the Duties of Excise; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture, of any Nature or Kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Excise, or for the Regulation and Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in Execution, for and in respect of the several Duties of Excise, and Drawbacks of Duties of Excise, hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever,

F 3 as

charging the Duties.

Duties may be added where Goods are delivered in pursuance of Contract after April 5, 1805,

Duties to be levied as the former Duties of Excise.

70

C. 30.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Application of the Money.

Separate Accounts to be kept and annually laid before Parliament.

Countervailing Duty imposed by39 & 40 G. 3. c. 67. {Art

Sched. (A.)] on Glass Bottles shall be deemed a Duty of Excise.

Who shall be deemed Makers of Glass.

as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by

the Duties by this Act imposed (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) , shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at,

and the said Money so paid into the Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury now or for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, shall, for the Period of Ten Years from the Commencement of this Act, cause a separate and distinct Account of the additional Duties granted by this Act to be prepared and annually laid before Parliament, pursuant to an Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for directing certain Public Accounts to be laid annually before Parliament, and for discontinuing certain other Forms of

Account jioxo in use; and the Monies arising from the said additonal Duties shall be deemed a permanent Increase to the Public Revenue of Great Britain, for the Purpose of defraying any increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made or Stock created by Authority of any Act of Parliament passed or to be passed in the present Session of Parliament. [See in

xuhat Manner Account of Duties to be kept, 49 G. 3. c. 63. § 25. — 51 G.3. c. 69. §45.]

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Countervailing Duty imposed by an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, of Nine Pence for every Dozen of Quart Bottles of common Green Glass imported into Great Britain from Ireland, shall, from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and five, be deemed and taken to be a Duty of Excise, and shall be computed upon each and every Dozen of reputed Quarts; any thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

X. And Whereas certain Persons make or manufacture Glass f Wares, who are not under the Survey of the Officers of Excise,

cto the Detriment of the Revenue, and the Injury of the entered ‘ Manufactures of Glass; and Doubts have arisen, whether such i Persons are liable to the Survey of the Office of Excise; ’ For Remedy thereof, be it declared and further enacted, That each and every Person who shall make or manufacture any Sort or Kind of Glass, or Glass Wares, by melting any Metal, Materials, Cullet, or old or broken Glass, in any Pot, Crucible or other Utensil, shall be deemed and taken to be a Maker of Glass, and shall be subject to all and every the Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Penalties, to which Makers of Glass are now by Law subject and liable; anything in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

" Act may be altered, &c. this Session. § 11.

A.D. 1805.

45° GEO. III. C. 30.

71

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers. SCHEDULE (A.)

DUTIES.

AUCTIONS.

Duties-

sC. s . d.

For every Twenty Shillings of the Purchase Money arising or payable by virtue of any Sale at Auction in Great Britain of any Interest in Possession or Reversion in any Freehold, Customary, Copyhold, or Leasehold Lands, Tenements, Houses or Hereditaments, and any Share or Shares in the Capital or Joint Stock of any Corporation or chartered Company, and of any A.nnuities or Sums of Money charged thereon, and of any Ships and Vessels, and of any Reversionary Interest in the Public Funds, and of any Plate or Jewels, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum of such Purchase Money 0 0 1

For every Twenty Shillings of the Purchase Money arising or payable by virtue of any Sale at Auction in Great Britain of Furniture, Fixtures, Pictures,

Books, Horses and Carriages, and all other Goods and Chattels whatsoever, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum of such Purchase Money

[As to Sales by Auction of Sheep s, G. 3. c. 142.]

For every Thousand of Bricks which shall be made in Great Britain, not exceeding any of the following Dimensions (that is to say) , Ten Inches long, Three Inches thick, and Five Inches wide - 0 0 10

For every Thousand of plain Tiles which shall be made

in Great Britain - - -0010

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Coffee which shall be imported into Great Britain on or after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, or which, having been previously so imported, shall, on or after the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, be taken or delivered for Home Consumption out' of any Warehouse in which the same shall be or shall have been lodged or deposited under the Locks of the Officers of Customs and Excise, or either of them - -00 6

[Duties made to cease, and Duties 48 G. 3.

§1-3

BRICKS AND TILES.

COFFEE.

[c. 120.]

72 C. 30, 45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

CYDER AND PERRY. Duties.

For every Hogshead of Cyder and Perry made in Great gg. s. Britain for Sale, to be paid by the First Buyer or Maker thereof, such Buyer or Maker being a Dealer in or Retailer of Cyder or Perry, or by the Factor or Agent to whom such Cyder or Perry shall be sent or consigned to be sold or disposed of - - 0 10 0

GLASS.

For every Hundred Weight of Materials, or Metal, or other Preparations whatever, by what Name soever the same are or may be called or known, that shall be made use of in Great Britain in the making of Glass, the fob owing Sums respectively; that is to say,

In the making of Plate or Flint Glass, or Enamel,

Stained, or Paste Glass, or Phial Glass - - 0 16 4

(a) [Made to cease, and netv Duties granted, 51 G. 3. c. 69.

§!•]

In the making of Spread Window Glass, commonly

called or known by the Name of Broad Glass 0 4 1

In the making of all other Window Glass (not being Spread Glass) , whether flashed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the Name of Crown Glass, or German Sheet Glass (b)- - - 0 12 3

(b) [Duties of 4>s.\d. and 12s. 3<f. made to cease, 49 3.

c. 63. § f.]

For every Hundred Weight of Plate Glass (c) , and of all other Glass which shall be imported from Parts beyond the Seas into Great Britain, the same not being Flasks in which Wine or Oil shall or may be imported, nor Foreign Green Glass Bottles, nor Irish Glass or Glass Manufactures imported directly from Ireland - - 1 1 0

(c) [Duty on Plate Glass made to cease, 59 G. 3. c. 115.

§L]

VINEGAR.

For every Barrel of Vinegar, Vinegar Beer, or Liquors preparing for Vinegar, which shall be brewed or made in Great Britain for Sale - 0 5 0

WIRE.

For every Ounce Troy of Gilt Wire which shall be

made in Great Britain - 0 0 10

For every Ounce Troy of Silver Wire which shall be

made in Great Britain - - 0 0 7

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 30.

73

COUNTERVAILING DUTIES. Countervailing

Duties.

BRICKS AND TILES.

For every Thousand of Irish Bricks, not exceeding any of the following Dimensions (that is to say) , Ten Inches long, Three Inches thick, and Five Inches wide, which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland - - -0010

For every Thousand of Irish Plain Tiles which shall be

imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland 0 0 10

CYDER AND PERRY.

For every Hogshead, consisting of Sixty three Gallons English Wine Measure, of Irish Cyder and Perry which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland as Merchandize, or for Sale, or which shall be sent or consigned to any Factor or Agent to sell or dispose of - - 0 10 0

GLASS.

For every Square Foot, superficial Measure, of Plate Glass which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland (a) - 0 1 1

(a) [Countervailing Duty of Is. Id. made to cease, 59 3.

c. 115. §1.]

For every Hundred Weight of Irish Flint, Enamel,

Stained, Paste or Phial Glass, which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland () 119

(&) [Made to cease, and netv Duties granted, 51 3. 69.

§2.]

For every Hundred Weight of Iris Spread Window Glass, commonly called Broad Glass, which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland 0 4

(c) [Made to cease, 49 G. 3. c. 63. § 1.]

For every Hundred Weight of Irish Window Glass (not being Spread Glass) , whether flashed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known by the Name of Crown Glass or German Sheet Glass, which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland (d) - 0 9 10

(d) [Additional, 5s. — 46 G. 3. 138. §2.; hut both made to

cease, 49 G. 3. c. 63. § 1.]

For every One Hundred Weight of any Sort or Species of Irish Glass, not hereinbefore enumerated or described (common Green Glass Bottles, and Vessels made use of in Chemical Laboratories, and Garden Glasses, and all other Vessels or Utensils of common Bottle Metal excepted) , which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland - - 1 1 0

74-

C. 30.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

VINEGAR.

Countervailing

Duties.

For every Barrel, consisting of Thirty four Gallons £. d. English Beer Measure, of Irish Vinegar which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland - -050

WIRE.

For every Ounce Troy of Irish Gilt Wire which shall

be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland 0 0 10

For every Ounce Troy of Irish Silver Wire which shall

be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland 0 0 7

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Gold

Thread, Gold Lace or Gold Fringe, made of Plate Wire spun upon Silk, which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland - - 0 7 8

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish Silver Thread, Silver Lace or Silver Fringe, made of Plate Wire spun upon Silk, which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland - - 0 5 9

SCHEDULE (B.)

DRAWBACKS.

BRICKS AND TILES. Drawbacks.

dB- s> d.

For every Thousand of Bricks made in Great,

not exceeding any of the following Dimensions (that is to say) , Ten Inches long, Three Inches thick, and Five Inches wide, for which all the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts - -00 10

For every Thousand of Plain Tiles which shall be made in Great Britain, for which all the Duties in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts - - 0 0 10

CYDER AND PERRY.

For every Hogshead of Cyder or Perry made in Great Britain, for which all the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts - 0 10 0

GLASS.

For every Square Foot, superficial Measure of Plate Glass made in Great Britain from Materials or Metal, or other Preparations, for which all the Duties

A.D. 1805.

456 GEO. III. C. 30.

75

GLASS — .

Drawbacks. s. d.

imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts (a)- - --Oil

[a) [Made to cease, 59 G. 3. 115. $ 1.]

For every Hundred Weight of Flint Glass or Enamel,

Stained or Paste Glass, or Phial Glass, made in Great Britain from Materials or Metal, or other Preparations, for which all the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts (6) - - 1 1 9

(b) [Made to cease, and others, 51 G. 3. c. 69. § 3.]

For every Hundred Weight of Spread Window Glass, commonly palled or known by the Name of Broad Glass, made in Great Britain from Materials or Metal, or other Preparations, for which all the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts (c) - - -0 4? 0

For every Hundred Weight of all other Window Glass, not being Spread Glass, whether flashed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the Name of Crown Glass or German Sheet Glass, made in Great Britain from Materials or Metal, or other Preparations, for which all the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts (c) - 0 14? 10£

(c) [Drawbacks oj'^s.0\d. and 14s. 10 made to, 49 G. 3.

c. 63. § 1.]

WIRE.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Gold Thread,

Gold Lace or Gold Fringe, made of Plate Wire Spun upon Silk, such Plate Wire being made of Gilt Wire made in Great Britain for which all the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts - - 0 7 8

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Silver Thread,

Silver Lace or Silver Fringe, made of Plate Wire spun upon Silk, such Plate Wire being made of Silver Wire made in Great Britain for which all the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts ... -0 5 9

76

C. 31 — 36.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

CAP. XXXI.

EXP. An Act for allowing a certain Proportion of the Militia in Great Britain voluntarily to enlist into His Majesty's Regular Forces and Royal Marines.

[10th April 1805.]

CAP. XXXII.

EXP. An Act for granting to Foreign Ships put under His Majesty's Protection the Privileges of Prize Ships under certain Regulations and Restrictions; and for allowing Aliens, in Foreign Colonies surrendered to His Majesty, to exercise the Occupations of Merchants or Factors during the present War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

[10th April 1805.]

\_Continued until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of, 55 G. 3. 11.; but no further

Continuation appears.]

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to make valid certain Licences granted by virtue of an Order in Council for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandize from and to Spain in Neutral Vessels [a]; and for indemnifying all Persons concerned in advising such Order, or granting or acting under such Licences.

[10th 1805.]

(a) [Before the Commencement of the present Hostilities.']

CAP. XXXIV.

EXP. An Act to permit the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Countries in America belonging to any Foreign European Sovereign or State in Neutral Ships, during the present War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

[10th 1805.]

CAP. XXXV.

EXP. An Act to continue, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six, and amend^n Act, passed in the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce and Navigation, between His Majesty and the United States of America.

[10th April 1805.]

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to enable the East India Company to appoint the Commander in Chief on the Bengal Establishment to be a Member of the Council of Fort William in, not-

withstanding the Office of Governor General of Fort

liam,

77

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 36.

liam, and the Office of Commander in Chief of all the

Forces in Lidia, being vested in the same Person.

[10th April 1805.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Court of Directors of ‘ the United Company of Merchants of England trading to

* the East Indies should be authorized and empowered, if they shall think fit, to appoint the Commander of the Military Forces

* of the said United Company on the Bengal Establishment to be

‘ a Member of the Supreme Council of Fort William in,

* notwithstanding the Office of Governor General of Fort William

‘ aforesaid, and the Office of Commander in Chief of all the Forces 1 in India, shall be vested in the same Person May it therefore

please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Court of Directors of the said United Company specially to authorize and appoint the Commander of the Military Forces of the said United Company on the Bengal Establishment to be a Member of the said Supreme Council of Fort William aforesaid, notwithstanding the Office of Governor General of Fort William aforesaid, and the Office of Commander in Chief of all the Forces in, shall be vested in the same Person.

And be it enacted, That when any such Commander of the Military Forces of the said United Company on the Bengal Establishment shall be appointed a Member of the said Supreme Council, such Commander shall have Rank and Precedence at the Council Board next to the Governor General, but he shall not succeed to the Government of such Presidency on the happening of a Vacancy in the Office of Governor General, unless such Commander of the Military Forces of the said United Company on the Bengal Establishment shall have been provisionally applied to supply the same; but such Vacancy shall be supplied by the Counsellor next in Rank at' the Council Board to such Commander of the Military Forces of the said United Company on the Bengal Establishment; any thing contained in an Act, passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for continuing in the East India Company for a further Term the Possession of the British Territories India, together with their exclusive Trade, under certain Limitations; for establishing further Regidations for the Government of the said and the better Administration of Justice 'within the same; for appropriating to certain Uses the Revenues and Profits of the said Company; and for making Provision for the good Order and Government of the Towns of Calcutta, Madras and Bombay, or any other Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Commander so to be appointed a Member of the said Supreme Council as hereinbefore is mentioned, shall be subject to Recal by the same Persons and in the same Manner, and shall have the same Powers, Franchises and Authorities, in all respects as a Member of Council,

as

Court may appoint Commander of Forces of Company on the Bengal Establishment a Member of the Council of Fort William, &c.

Rank of such Commander at the Board; not to succeed to the Government in case of Vacancy, unless provisionally appointed to supply the same; notwithstanding 33 G.3. c. 52.

Suth Commander subject to Recal, &c.

78

45° GEO. III.

EXP.

EXP.

39 G. 3. c. 48. (10

40 G.3. c. 64. (I.) and also 43 G.3. c. 87. 44 G. 3. C. 6. and c. 91. repealed.

C. 36 — 41.

A.D. 1805.

as if he had been appointed thereto as Commander in Chief of all the Forces in India.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Inkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

[10th April 1805.]

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for allowing a certain Proportion of the Militia in Ireland voluntarily to enlist into His Majesty's Forces and Royal Marines.

[11th 1805.]

[During the ]

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and five, and amend an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for better regulating the issuing and granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance and Protection of certain exciseable Goods therein mentioned; and to prevent Frauds by Dealers in or Retailers of such Goods; so far as the same respects Permits for Spirits or Spirituous Liquors.

[11th April 1805.]

[Repealed, 59 3. c. 107.]

CAP. XL.

An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds by Way of Annuities for the Service of Ireland.

[17th May 1805.]

CAP. XLI.

An Act for restraining the Negotiation of certain Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange in Ireland.

[17th May 1805.]

WHEREAS the Regulations at present in force respecting i the Issue and Negotiation of Promissory Notes for small

* Sums in Ireland have not proved effectual Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to restrain the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum; and also Two Acts, the One made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year, and the other in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for continuing and amending the said first recited Act; and also an Act,

10 made

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 41.

79

made in the last Session of Parliament, for suspending the Operation of the said recited Act of the Forty third Year, and for continuing and amending all the recited Acts; and also another Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled Act to permit the Issue and Negotiation of certain Promissory under a

limited Sum, by registered Bankers in Ireland, and to restrain the Issue and Negotiation of certain other Notes, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be, and the same are hereby repealed, save and except so far as relates to the recovering any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred under the said recited Acts, or any of them, at any Time on or before the passing of this Act.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act not to Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to render make valid valid any Promissory or other Note or Undertaking in Writing, Notes which which may have been issued before the passing of this Act, and

which, under the Provisions and Directions of the several Acts Acte repealed, hereinbefore recited and repealed, or any of them, were or would have been null and void in case the said Acts had not been hereby repealed; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Promissory Notes or Promissory-Undertakings in Writing, being negotiable or transferrable for any Notes for less Sum or Sums of Money less than Twenty Shillings Currency, ^lan 20s*. or on which any Sum less than Twenty Shillings Irish Currency (FC.)void. shall remain undischarged, which shall bear Date, or shall have

been or shall be issued in Ireland at any Time after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and five, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be absolutely null and void, and not to be negotiable or transferrable, any thing in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland at the Time of the passing of this Act, or any Usage to the contray notwithstanding; and the Per- issuing them, son or Persons who shall have issued, or shall issue the same, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds Irish Currency for every such Note Penalty, or Undertaking so issued; and the Person or Persons who shall Negotiating have given or taken, or shall give or take the same in Payment them, after the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and five, shall forfeit Double the Amount of each such Note or Penalty. Undertaking to any Person who shall sue for the same, and such Penalties shall be recovered before any One Justice of the Peace in Ireland, upon the Oath of One credible Witness, or on the Confession of such Offender; and in case the said Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid and satisfied upon such Conviction being made, it shall be lawful for such Justice of the Peace, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Offender, together with all Costs and Charges attending such Conviction and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner; and if such Offender shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels to satisfy such Penalties, every such Offender shall be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, by Warrant of such Justice, for any Time not less than One Month, nor more than Three Months, unless such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be sooner paid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That any Memorandum, Ticket, Memorandums Token, Draft, Certificate or Engagement, written, printed or en- &c* negociated,

P graved for ""*•

80

C. 41, 42, 43.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

under 20s. deemed Undertakings in Writing.

Act may be altered. &c. this Session.

Postmasters General to cause Surveys and Maps to be made of the Post Roads in Ireland.

graved on Paper, Card, Vellum or Parchment, being negotiable or transferable, or which shall have been or shall be given, negotiated or transferred, with Intent to imply or to make a Promise or Engagement to pay Money or Value of any Kind, in Goods or otherwise, under the Sum of Twenty Shillings Currency,

or on which a less Sum than Twenty Shillings Currency

shall remain undischarged, shall be deemed an Undertaking in Writing to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Act to be made in this present Session of Parliament,

CAP. XLII.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament for preventing the Counterfeiting of certain Silver Coin issued by the Banks of England and Ireland respectively («) , to Silver Pieces which may be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of land.)called Tokens i and to promote the Circulation of the said Tokens.

[17th May 1805.]

[Provisions of this Act exten, 48 3. 31. — 53 3.

c. 106. But the further Circulation of Dollars and Tokens prohibited, 57 G. 3. c. 113. — 58 G. 3. c. 14.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act to amend the Laws for improving and keeping in Repair the Post Roads in Ir, and for rendering the Conveyance of Letters by His Majesty's Post Office more secure and expeditious.

[17th May 1805.]

WHEREAS many Parts of the Roads in Ireland are too e \\ narrow, hilly or otherwise inconvenient for the speedy Conveyance of His Majesty's Mails in Coaches or other Car-‘ riages: And Whereas the Laws at present in force are insufficient (for the effectually improving and amending the same; ’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That His Majesty's Postmasters General for Ireland shall and they are hereby required to procure and employ, as soon as they conveniently can after the passing of this Act, proper and sufficient Persons to survey and make Maps of the several Lines of Road from Dublin to the extreme Post Towns in Ireland, in such Directions, and through such Post Towns as His Majesty's Mails now travel to and from, or as the said

Postmasters General shall deem most expedient that the said Mails should travel through; and also to survey and make Maps of the several other Roads in Ireland on which His Majesty's Mails are now carried, or on which the said Postmasters General shall deem it expedient that the said Mails should be carried from Post Town to Post Town; and also to survey and make Maps of all such Alterations in any such Roads, by cutting off

Angles,

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 43.

81

Angles, or*forming new Lines in lieu of the WhoR or any Part or Parts of such Roads, as each such Surveyor so employed shall judge desirable for the Purpose of rendering the Way more level, or where it is sufficiently level, for the Purpose of shortening the Distance.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Surveyor so to be employed, in all Cases where the present Road or any Part thereof is not made in the most level or most convenient Direction, shall survey and make Maps of a new Line or Lines for a Road in lieu thereof; and that in no Part of any such new Line shall the Ascent or Descent of the Road when finished exceed the Rate or Proportion of One Foot in Height or Fall in each Thirty five Feet of the Length thereof, if the same be practicable, without causing such a great Increase of Distance as to delay considerably the Carriage of the Mails; and if the same be not practicable, then such Surveyor shall find out and survey the most practicable lane which shall be nearest in its Ascent or Descent to such Proportion of Height or Fall.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any such Surveyor so to be appointed by the Postmasters General of Ireland, for the Purposes of this Act, and for any other Person or Persons employed for that Purpose, to survey and measure any Line intended for a new Road, or for the Alteration of any existing Road under this Act, and to enter on any Lands or Grounds, and to do all other Matters and Things necessary in the Execution of their Duty and Employment under this Act, without being deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, and without being liable to any Obstruction whatever; provided such Person or Persons shall have a Certificate in Writing, under the Hands of the said Postmasters General, or under the Hands of any Two Justices of the Peace within the District, that such Surveyor or other Person or Persons is or are employed for that Purpose.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Part of any such new Line shall be proposed in any such Survey to be made through any House or Building, or Part of a House or Building, or through any Garden or Orchard made and planted before the passing of this Act, or through any Plantation inclosed and growing at the Time of the passing of this Act, every Surveyor shall in his Map of any such Survey mark the same distinctly, and also mark the most.convenient and level Line which he can find for avoiding such House, Garden, Orchard or Plantation; and in all Cases where the making a new Piece of Road in the Line which he shall think most eligible for the Carriage of the Mails, shall appear to him materially to prejudice any inclosed Demesne or Lawn planted at the Time of the passing of this Act, or to bring the Road inconveniently near to the Dwelling or Mansion House in any such Demesne or Lawn, every such Surveyor shall, in his Map of any such Survey, mark also the most convenient and level Line which he can find for the Purpose of avoiding such Prejudice or Inconvenience.

V. And be it further enacted, That every such Surveyor shall be sworn before he begins his Survey, to make the same without Fear, Favour or Partiality, to the best of his Opinion and Judgment, according to the true Intent of this Act.

45 Geo. III. G VI, And

Where road is inconvenient Surveyor to mark out a new-one according to the Level herein specified.

Surveyor empowered to enter Lands and make Surveys, &c.

Houses and Inclosures in Line of Road to be distinguished in the Map.

Surveyors

sworn.

82

C. 43.

45° GEO. III.

A.D. 1805.

Map of the Road and the Alterations proposed to be on the same Scale, and separate Maps for each Barony, &c.

Expence of making Road to be annexed to the Map.

Affidavits to be annexed to Estimate and Survey of the Propriety thereof.

Surreys of Roads from Dublin, &c. to be first completed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Maps or Surveys so to be made of the present Roads, and of the proposed Alterations therein, shall be laid down on the same Scale; and that for each Barony or Half Barony in the Line of any such Road, there shall be made separate and distinct Maps of such Parts of the said Roads as shall go through or be proposed to go through any such Barony or Half Barony respectively, on a Scale sufficiently large to give the most minute Information; and that where in any Map or Survey it shall be proposed, that any Ascent in any Part of the present existing Road, exceeding the Proportion of One Foot in Height or Fall to Thirty five Feet in Length, should be reduced, a Section thereof and of the proposed Reduction in Fleight, if any such be recommended, shall be included in or annexed to such Map or Survey, stating the Rate of Height or Fall to which the proposed Reduction will bring the Ascent on such Portion of the Road; and that wherever any Part of the existing Road which such Surveyor shall propose to retain is not of the Width of Forty two Feet in the Clear between the Ditches, Drains or Fences, on each Side thereof, the said Surveyor shall particularly specify the same in his Map or Survey, and mark the general Breadth thereof, and on which Side it can be widened most conveniently.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every such Surveyor shall annex to each Map or Survey an Estimate of the whole Expence of making, forming and gravelling such Road through each Barony or Half Barony, and of making Fences to the said Road where a new Line of Road shall be proposed, and of widening to any Breadth not less than Forty two Feet nor more than Fifty Feet, such Parts of any Road as may require widening, which such Surveyor shall propose to retain, and of effectually repairing all such Parts of the existing Road as are to be retained, and of making Footpaths to the new Line, as well as to the Parts of the Road which are to be retained; and of reducing all such Ascents in any Road, as such Surveyor shall propose to reduce therein; and of building or repairing all such Bridges, Gullet Arches or Pipes, and all such Walls necessary to support the Road, or to protect Passengers, as such Surveyor shall deem requisite to be built or repaired.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be annexed to every such Estimate, an Affidavit of the Surveyor, or of Two credible and experienced Persons, that the Sum contained in the Estimate is a reasonable Charge, and is the least for which the Work can be effectually and substantially executed to the best of his or their Judgment; and that every such Surveyor shall also annex to his Map or Survey, an Affidavit sworn by him, that any Alterations in the existing Road recommended by such Surveyor in such Map or Survey have been proposed by him as the most advisable in his Judgment, agreeably to the Intent of this Act, between the Points therein stated; due regard being had to the most level and practicable Line, without occasioning such an Increase of Distance as might be productive of Delay to the Carriage of the Mails.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Surveys, Maps and Estimates of the Roads, or such Parts thereof as come within the Provisions of this Act, from Dublin direct to the extreme Post Towns, and from Waterford to Cork and Limerickr and from

Du-

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 43.

83

Notice posted on Court Houses of Places through which Roads pass, specifying Particulars, be-

laid before Grand Jury.

Donagkadee to Londonderry, shall be finished and completed in preference to the Surveys, Maps and Estimates of any other Roads; and that whenever the Survey, Maps and Estimates of any Road shall be finished, the Postmasters General shall cause Notice thereof to be posted upon the Door of the County Court House of each and every County, County of a Town or City,

Barony or Half Barony, through any Part of which any new Line of Road shall be proposed in such Surveys or Maps to be carried, specifying the Town Lands, and the Number of Perches therein, through each of which such Road, is proposed to be carried,

Twenty one Days at the least previous to the Commission Day of fore Maps and the next ensuing Assizes to be held in such County of a Town or Estimates are City, or in the County wherein such Barony or Half Barony shall be situate, or if in the County or County of the City of,

previous to the First Day of the next presenting Term; and the Map or Maps thereof, and of the Whole of the Road, whether old or new, through such County of a Town or City, Barony or Half Barony, together with the Estimates and Affidavits of the several Expences of repairing, widening or making the same, of making Fences and Footpaths, reducing Hills, filling Hollows, building or repairing Bridges, Gullet Pipes, Arches or Walls, shall at the same Time be deposited with the Treasurer of such County of a Town or City, or of the County in which such Baronies or Half Baronies shall be situate, for the Inspection of all Persons whom it may concern, and shall be lodged and kept among the Records of such County, County of a Town or City respectively, and be laid before the Grand Jury thereof at such next ensuing Assizes or presenting Term. [See46 G. 3. c. 134.

X. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Surveyors who shall have been respectively employed by the Postmasters General in making any Survey under this Act, shall attend at such Assizes or presenting Term respectively, and shall be examined upon Oath before the Grand Jury thereat, as to such Matters > or Opinions concerning any such Road respectively, or any proposed Alteration thereof, and concerning the several Estimates relating to the same, as such Grand Jury shall think proper; and that upon such Examination such Grand Jury shall proceed to consider the Whole of such Surveys, Maps and Estimates; and if they shall be of Opinion that the Road and the Alterations thereof, as pointed out and recommended in any such Survey, is in the most convenient and practicable Direction between the Two Post Towns therein mentioned, they shall present the same to be the Road between such Two Post Towns; and at the same Time they

shall present all the new intended Part thereof, to be laid out, and Expence raised marked and levelled, and shall present all Sums of Money necessary on County, for laying out the same, including the Expence of marking and levelling, to be raised off the County at large.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Grand Jury shall If Grand Jury upon any such Examination as aforesaid, be of Opinion that the disapprove pro-Road between any Two Post Towns can be carried in a more con- Posed Plan of venient Direction, equally or more level, and not exceeding in Length or Expence the Road pointed out in any such Survey, it shall and may be lawful for such Grand Jury to state such their Opinion in Writing, with any Reasons or Observations which they

G 2 may

Surveyors to attend Assizes and be examined by Grand Juries.

Grand Juries on approving Plans to present Road accordingly.

Road, a new Survey to be made before next Assizes, at which Road

84

C. 43.

45° GEO. III.

A.D. 1805.

may be presented. accordingly.

Expence of forming Road presented oft' several Baronies, or off County at large.

Expence of repairing

Bridges, &c. off County only.

Presentments made, &c. as under existing Laws.

Where Sum presented exceeds 2001. it may be advanced under Regulations of 35 G. 3.C. 7. (I.)

nay think proper to the Court, who shall cause the Clerk of the >own to send an attested Copy thereof to the Postmasters General; ind the said Postmasters General shall thereupon forthwith cause; uch Road to be resurveyed, and such attested Copy to be given to such Person as they shall employ to resurvey the same before the then next Assizes or presenting Term; and such new Survey, together with the Maps, Estimates and Affidavits hereinbefore required, shall be laid before the Grand J ury at such next Assizes or presenting Term; and it shall and may be lawful for such Grand Jury to present the Road in the Direction pointed out in either of the said Two Surveys, or partly as in the one, and partly as in the other of such Two Surve}rs, to be the Road between the Two Post Towns therein stated, as they shall judge best; and at the same Time to present all such Parts thereof as they shall approve for anew Line or new Lines of Road to be laid out, marked and levelled; and in like Manner to present the Money necessary for laying out the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law-

ful for the Grand Jury who shall present any such Road to be laid out pursuant either to the Survey or the Resurvey thereof, or partly to the one and partly to the other, to present, to be raised off each Barony or Half Barony through which such Road shall pass, or off the County at large, if it shall appear to them expedient, the Whole of the Sums necessary for laying out, forming, gravelling and fencing every Part of any such new Line of Road, and making Footpaths, and for repairing, gravelling, widening, fencing or turning the Backs of the existing Fences to the Road, or making Footpaths to any Part of such Old Road as shall be retained; and to present to be raised off the County at large, the Whole of the Sums necessary for building or repairing all Bridges, Arches, Pipes, Gullets and Walls as aforesaid, and for lowering any Hill or filling any Hollow, or reducing any Ascent, or erecting Mile Posts or Mile Stones. [See53 G.3. c. 146. § 1.]

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all such Presentments for raising Money for any of the Purposes aforesaid, shall be made upon like Affidavits, subject to like Regulations, and to like Mode of accounting for the Money raised thereby, as is or are now prescribed by Law, except so far as is otherwise herein directed.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Presentment

by any Grand Jury under this Act, of any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purpose of widening, altering or repairing any Post Road, or of repairing or building Bridges, or building or repairing of Walls on any such Road, shall exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds Sterling, it shall and may be lawful to present and allow the Whole or any Part of such Sum so presented, to be paid in Advance to the Overseers appointed to conduct such Work so presented, upon such Conditions and under such Regulations as are contained in an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Regulation of Presentments for the Purpose of levying Money to be expended in erecting Court, Gaols and other

expensive Buildings; and that all Conditions, Orders and Regulations in the said recited Act contained, shall be extended and applied to all such Presentments as aforesaid, which shall exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds Sterling.

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 43.

85

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Grand Jury shall appoint any One Person to be a general Overseer of the Whole of any Road or Work in or through any Barony or Half Barony, the Affidavits for accounting for the Expenditure of all Money relating to the same, made by any Overseer or Overseers whom such general Overseer shall appoint to act under him, shall be receivable by the Grand Jury and the Court, and shall be of like Effect as if such Overseer or Overseers, so appointed by such general Overseer, had been appointed by the Grand Jury: Provided always, that the Affidavit of such general Overseer shall be annexed to the Affidavit of any Overseer or Overseers appointed by him, stating that he has examined the Account of such Overseer or Overseers, and the Works executed, and that the Work is effectually done, and that he verily believes the Money stated in such Account to have been fairly and honestly expended upon such Work.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Grand Jury shall

think the Whole of any Sums necessary to be raised for the Purpose aforesaid, too great to be raised at One Assizes or presenting Term, or that the Whole of any such Sums cannot be properly expended so as to be accounted for at the ensuing Assizes or presenting Term, it shall be lawful for any such Grand Jury, in the presenting of any such Sums, to set forth what Portion of the whole Sum to be raised on any Barony or Plalf Barony, or on the County, shall be respectively raised thereon in each Year, and at what Assizes or Term, until the Whole shall be raised and levied; and the Treasurer of the County shall from time to time, without further Authority or Presentment in that Behalf, insert in his Warrant at each Assizes or Term so directed, the Portion or Portions so set forth of the Sums so presented; and the same shall be raised and levied in like Manner, from time to time, and with like Remedy in case of Nonpayment, as all other Money directed by such Warrant is by Law to be levied. [See § 26. post.']

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury at each or any subsequent Assizes or presenting Term, to increase any such Portion to such Amount as they shall deem proper, and to order such increased Proportion to be raised on the County or Baron}^ or Half Barony respectively:Provided also, that the entire Sum so presented for completing any such Road entirely through such County, Barony or Half Barony, shall be directed to be raised in such Portions as shall cause the Whole of the same to be levied within Six Years at the most from the Time when such Survey or Resurvey, as the Case may be, shall have been laid before the Grand Jury:Provided also, that it shall not be lawful for the Court at any Assize or presenting Term from and after the Time that any such Survey or Resurvey, as the Case may be, shall be laid before the Grand Jury, to fiat Presentments for raising any Money off any Barony or Half Barony, or off any County of a Town or Citjr in which any such Post Road, or any Part thereof, shall be situated, to be expended in making, repairing or widening other Roads therein, to a greater Amount in the Whole than the Sum which shall be directed or presented originally, or in the Way of Increase thereof,

G 3 to

How Affidavits for accounting made where a general Overseer of Road through Barony is appointed by Grand Jury.

Grand Juries may apportion Sums to be raised at different Assizes.

Grand Jury may increase Proportion of Sums to be raised.

All Sums raised in Six Years.

Till Post Roads are completed, no Sums shall be raised for other Roads exceeding those for Post Roads.

» b

U.43.

45° (jrEU. III. A.D. 1805.

Excess of annual Expences beyond Receipts by Treasurer, paid out of Money presented.

Owners of Ground or Houses required for Road may traverse Presentments at Assizes.

Notice.

Damages ascertained by a Jury,

and raised off the Barony by Presentment npt traversable.

No Traverse except for Damages.

No Present-

to be raised at such Assizes or Term for such Post Road, until such Post Road therein shall be completely finished. [So of this Section as prohibits the fating Presentments Cases

repealed, 46 G. 3. c. 134. § 12.]

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if more Money shall be expended in any One Year on any such Road, together with the Bridges, Pipes, Arches, Gullets and Walls thereof inclusive, and duly accounted for, than the Treasurer shall have received from the Baronial or other Collectors, it shall be lawful for such Treasurer, and he is hereby required to pay from time to time to the Person who shall have accounted for the same, or his Executors, Administrators or Assigns, the full Sums allowed in such Account out of the Monies presented for the Purpose, so soon as he shall receive the same, without any other Order, Warrant or Authority on that Behalf.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law-

ful for the Owner or Occupier of any Ground, or of any House or Building into which any old Road is to be widened, or through which any new Road is to be made, under the Authority of this Act, or any Person having an Interest in any such Ground, House or Building, to traverse the Presentment for making or widening such Road, for Damages, either at the same Assizes or presenting Term in which such Presentment shall have been made, or at the next subsequent Assizes or presenting Term, if he or she shall have given Notice in Writing to the Treasurer of the County, Twenty one Days at the least previous to the Commission Day of such subsequent Assizes, or previous to the First Day of such subsequent presenting Term, of such his or her Intention; and every Traverse entered at the Assizes or presenting Term whereat such Presentment shall have been made shall be tried then, or at the next subsequent Assizes or Term; and every Traverse entered at the Assizes or presenting Term subsequent to that whereat such Presentment shall have been made, and of which such Notice shall be given, shall be tried at such subsequent Assizes or presenting Term; and the Jury which shall try any such Traverse shall true Verdict give, whether any and what Damages shall accrue by the Presentment to the Traversor or Traversors; and upon the Damages so found being paid to such Traversor or Traversors, or deposited with the County Treasurer for the Use of such Traversor or Traversors, it shall be lawful for the Overseer or Overseers appointed to carry the Presentment in question into Effect, to proceed in the Execution thereof without the Interruption of any Person whatsoever; and it shall be lawful for any Grand Jury as aforesaid to present such Sum or Sums of Money so found for Damages, or any Part thereof, to be raised off the Barony, Half Barony, County of a City, or County of a Town, in which the Ground or House or other Buildings shall be situate, on account of which' such Damages shall have been awarded to the Traversor or Traversors; to which Presentment no Traverse shall be allowed. [See 53 G.3. c. 146* § 1.]

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Traverse shall be received to any Presentment made under the Authority of this Act, except for Damages. [Repealed46 3. c. 134. §10.]

XXI. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained

21 shall

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 43.

87

shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorize any Grand merits for Jury to present any Money to be raised for or in respect of any Turnpike Turnpike Road, except as is hereinafter provided and enacted. oa

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if the Whole or any Post Roads Part of the Road between One Post Town and another, which ^Turnpike shall be ordered to be surveyed under the Authority of this Act, ye°a shall be a Turnpike Road, the Survey thereof directed to be made before Trustees, in Manner aforesaid, together with the Maps, Estimates and Affi- who shall obtain davits relating thereto, shall, when completed, be laid before the Consent of Trustees, Directors or Commissioners, to whose Controul and Parhfs> or Management such Road shall be committed by Law, who shall thgreuporf11 proceed without Delay to obtain the Consent of the Owners or Grand juries Occupiers of the Ground into which any Part of such Turnpike shall present Road shall be proposed to be widened, or through which any Sums off the Alteration thereof shall be proposed to be made, or to cause the Counties. Damages which may accrue to such Owners or Occupiers, by Means of such widening or Alteration, to be ascertained by the Verdict of a Jury, according to such Powers as are given to them by Law for such Purpose; and such Trustees, Directors or Commissioners, shall lay all such Verdicts before the Grand Jury at the next ensuing Assizes, or any subsequent Assizes, which shall be held for the County in which such Part of the Road shall be situated; or at the next presenting Term, or at any subsequent presenting Term, if the same be situate in the county of ,

or in the County of the City of Dublin; and it shall be lawful for each such Grand Jury to present the Sum or Sums specified in such Verdicts to be raised upon the County at large, and paid to the several Persons respectively in whose Behalf such Verdicts shall be given. '

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That when all the Sums On Payment of mentioned in such Verdicts shall be paid to the Persons entitled Money> Trus-thereto, or shall be deposited with the County Treasurer for the tee* may P" Use of such Persons, it shall be lawful for the Trustees, Directors C6e °n °d

or Commissioners of such Turnpike Road, to proceed to widen such Road, or to layout and make such new Line of Road, as the Case may be, without the Interruption of any Person whatever.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That any Sum of Money Money present-

presented to be raised under the Authority of this Act, by the etl in Dublin Grand Jury or Grand Juries of the County of, shall and County al-

may be allowed by the Court, although it shall exceed or cause an lovve ’

Excess in the Whole on each or any Barony beyond the Sums

which are allowed by Law to be raised by Presentment on such Barony.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for Future Ex-any Trustees, Directors or Commissioners of an}'- Turnpike Road, Pences of after receiving from the Postmasters General such Survey as is ^urjglke herein directed, to expend more Money in any One Year than °a s* after the Rate of Thirty two Pounds a Mile Measure, on

any Part of the Road, which according to such Survey is not to remain the Road, but to be altered by a new Line of Road being substituted in its Place.

XXVI. And Whereas the Benefits proposed by this Act, for ‘ the secure and expeditious Conveyance of the Mails, must ne- cessarily be delayed until the Whole of the Sums to be raised

G 4 ‘by

88

C. 4*3.

4*5° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

In case of Presentments to be raised by yearly Portions, Lord Lieutenants may order the Treasury to make Advances to the County Treasurer.

Who is to account for the same.

County Treasurer to pay Sums received from Present, ments to Collector.

No Money advanced till Damages to Parties presented, &c.

How Money advanced to Treasurer applied.

by Presentments shall be levied, unless Provision be made for an Advance of Money in the Meantime Be it therefore enacted, That whenever the Grand Jury of any County shall have presented any Line of Road, marked or recommended in any Survey or Map, agreeably to the Provisions of this Act, to be the Road between any Two Post Towns, and shall have presented the Sums necessary for making and completing the same, but shall have directed that such Sum or Sums shall be raised only by yearly Portions, the Clerk of the Crown shall forthwith transmit a Copy of such their Presentment and Direction to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or to his or their Chief Secretary; and it shall and may be lawful for such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to order the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland to advance and pay out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, from time to time, as such Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors, shall in his or their Discretion order and direct, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Amount of what shall remain of such Presentments unlevied at the Time of making such Order, to the Treasurer of such County, to be applied for the Purpose of accomplishing the Works for which such Presentment or Presentments shall have been made; and all such Money so advanced and paid to any such Treasurer of the County, shall be received and accounted for by him, in like Manner as any other Monies received by the Treasurer for the Use of the County; and all Securities given by such Treasurer, or in his Behalf, shall extend equally to such Money as to any other Money in his Hands.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Treasurer of a County receiving any such Money or Monies, shall pay to the Collector of His Majesty's Revenues in the District wherein the County Town is situated, all such Sums as he shall receive from time to time from the Baronial or other Collectors, by virtue of the Presentments on Account of which such Money shall have been advanced, until he shall have discharged the whole Sum so advanced, but without Interest for the same.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the time being, to order any Money to be so advanced, unless it shall appear to him or them, by the Certificate of the Clerk of the Crown, or other sufficient Document, that the Whole of the Sums necessary to pay all Damages demanded by any Person or Persons, on account of any such Road going into or through any Ground, House or Building, have been presented to be raised and paid, or have been otherwise settled for.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Money so advanced and paid to any Treasurer of a County under this Act, shall be applied by him towards the Purpose of the Presentment or Presentments, on account whereof it shall have been advanced or paid to or received by such Treasurer, and to no other Purpose; and that when and so often as any Overseer appointed by the Grand Jury, shall deliver or cause to be delivered to such Treasurer

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 43.

89

surer, an Account of the Expenditure of any Money in pursuance On Account of of any such Presentment, or of any Expences actually paid or in- Expenditure, curred in the Execution of the Work for which such Presentment QVg'rgger shall have been granted, specifying the Names of the Persons to Oath to Trea_ whom the same shall have been paid, or shall be due, and for surer, he may what Work or other Service, and when, together with the Num- weekly advance ber of Horses and Men employed, and the Wages Day, or if Sums necessary, the Work shall have been contracted for, - the Nature of the Contract; such Account to be verified by the Oath of such Overseer; it shall and may be lawful for such Treasurer, and he is hereby required to advance and pay to such Overseer, from time to time, not oftener than once in each Week, (out of such Monies as such Treasurer may so have received by Order of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of,) the Amount of

the Expence so sworn by such Overseer to have been actually paid or incurred: Provided always, that such Overseer, if ap- Security by pointed by the Grand Jury, shall have first given Security to such Overseers to Treasurer, with Two Sureties approved of by One of the Govern- account* ors of the County, or by any Two Justices of the Peace named by the Grand Jury for the Purpose, by Bond and Warrant to confess Judgment thereupon, conditioned, that such Overseer shall duly account, at the next Assizes or presenting Term, for all Sums’which shall be advanced to him by the Treasurer on account of any such Presentment in respect to the Road or other Work of which he is Overseer.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any general Overseer On Overseers for the Whole of any Road or Work, to be appointed by any giving Security, Grand Jury, shall have given Security (approved of in Manner their Deputies before mentioned) that any Overseer or Overseers appointed by dvancesVfrom him for the Work, specifying his or their Names, shall duly account county r°m in Manner before mentioned, every such Overseer so appointed Treasurer.

by such general Overseers, and named in such Security, shall, on his producing such Account as aforesaid, verified by himself upon Oath, together with the Order of the general Overseer, be entitled to receive Advances of Money from the Treasurer of the County, from time to time, in Manner and for the Purposes hereinbefore mentioned.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if by Neglect or Fail- On Failure of

ure of raising the Sums which shall be directed as aforesaid to be Repayment of raised by yearly Portions, or from any other Cause, any Delay Advances by shall happen to arise in the Repayment by the Treasurer of the Trea~

County to the Collector of the District, in Manner and at the Collector the Times herein directed, of the Whole or any Instalment of the Sum shall be Money advanced to such Treasurer, by Order of the Lord Lieu- raised by Pretenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of, it shall sentment

and may be lawful for the Grand Jury, and they are hereby re- t, ie County> Acquired, at the Assizes or presenting Term at which any such Instalment ought to be repaid, or at the next or any subsequent Assizes or presenting Term, to present such Sum as shall be behind and not repaid, to be raised off the County, County of a City or Town, Barony or Half Barony respectively, as it shall have been before presented, and to be paid forthwith to the Collector of the District; and if such Sum shall be afterwards raised and paid to the Treasurer, in pursuance of the former Presentment,

90

c. i

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

No Fiat for any but Post Roads till such last mentioned Presentment made and allowed.

Trustees of Turnpikes empowered to borrow Money necessary for Purposes of this Act, on Credit of their Tolls.

Interest at 6l. per Cent, per Annum.

ment, the Treasurer shall set it clown to the Credit of the County, Barony or Half Barony, as the Case may be, in the next Warrant which he shall issue.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Court at any Assizes to fiat any Presentment for raising Money for the Repair of any Road in such County, except a Post Road, unless such Presentment as last aforesaid be first made and allowed. [Repealed, 46 G.3. c. 134. § 12.]

XXXIII. Artel Whereas the Tolls arising upon Turnpike Roads ‘ may not afford Funds sufficient for carrying into Execution such Improvements or Alterations of the respective Roads as may be ‘ recommended or pointed out in any Survey to be made in Man-‘ ner directed by this Act; and it may be necessary for the Trus-‘ tees, Directors or Commissioners of such Turnpike Roads respectively, to borrow Money in Aid of their Tolls for the ‘ Purpose Be it therefore enacted, That any Three or more of the Trustees, Directors or Commissioners, in whom the Care or Management of any Turnpike Road in Ireland is vested by Law, shall and may, and they are hereby empowered to raise and borrow any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Amount of the Sum necessary to carry into Execution the Whole of such new Line or Lines of Road, with Footpaths thereto, and reduce such Hills and fill up such Hollows, and to build or repair such Bridges, Arches, Pipes, Gullets or Walls, as shall be marked or recommended in any such Survey as shall be delivered to them, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, and according to the Estimates thereto annexed; and that for all Sums so to be borrowed, Bills entitling the Bearers to the Amount of the Sums therein specified shall be issued and signed by the Treasurer for the ttime being, and signed by and sealed with the Seals of Three or more of such Trustees, Directors or Commissioners of any such Road respectively, and that such Bills shall bear such Interest from the Date thereof as shall be agreed upon between such Trustees, Directors or Commissioners respectively, and the Lender or Lenders, not exceeding the Rate of Six Pounds for One hundred Pounds by the Year; and that for such Sum so to be borrowed by such Trustees, Directors or Commissioners respectively as aforesaid, there shall be paid Half yearly, by the Treasurer for the time being, by and with the Order and Direction of Three or more of such Trustees, Directors or Commissioners respectively, on such Days and Times after the respective Dates of such Bills, as shall be mentioned and appointed in the said Bills, to the Holders thereof, out of the Produce of the Tolls of any such Road respectively, such Interest as shall be so agreed upon, in full to the said Days so mentioned and appointed for the Payment of such Interest, without any Fee or Charge whatsoever, and free from all Deductions, Defalcations and Abatements, until the Principal Sums therein mentioned be respectively paid at One Payment; and that all such Bills as shall be so issued and signed by the Trustees, Directors or Commissioners of any such Road respectively, shall be numbered in Arithmetical Progression, beginning with Number One, until the Whole thereof shall be numbered; provided, that no such Bill shall be issued for less than Fifty Pounds, nor for more than One hundred Pounds.

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 43.

91

XXXIV. And. in order to facilitate the borrowing of such Sum or Sums of Money, by increasing the Means of discharging the Principal, and insuring the punctual Payment of the ‘ Interest Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees, Directors or Commissioners of any such Turnpike Roads, to raise and increase all or any of the Tolls payable on such Roads respectively, in such Proportion as they shall think fit, not exceeding an Increase of One half of the present Amount on any one Article; and that all Powers, Authorities, Penalties and Regulations for collecting and enforcing the Payment of the present Tolls, shall extend equally to all such increased Tolls, any thing in any Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if the Lord Lieutenant

or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall be satisfied that the Tolls to arise upon any Turnpike Road, of which a Survey shall have been made pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, are likely to produce or allow a clear annual Income, over and above all Charges for prior Incumbrances, considerably more than equal to the regular Discharge of all Interest for such Sums as may be necessary to be borrowed by the Trustees, Directors or Commissioners of such Turnpike Roads, for the Purposes of this Act, and to the Payment of a further Sum, after the Rate of Two Pounds per Centum per Annum on the Sum to be borrowed, to be applied as a Sinking Fund for the Redemption thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of, or any

Three or more of them, by the Direction of such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, at any Time after the First Day of One thousand eight hundred and six, to raise by Loan, on Debentures carrying an Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, such Sum or Sums as shall be certified by the Trus-

tees, Directors or Commissioners of any such Turnpike Road, to be necessary to be borrowed by them for executing the Purposes of this Act, and as shall be specified in such Directions of such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of,

and that the same, when raised, shall be remitted and paid to such Trustees, Directors or Commissioners, or shall be paid to their Order, in such Manner and under such Restrictions for ensuring its due Application to the Purposes of this Act, as such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall direct.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Tolls which shall,

on the Day such, Money shall be borrowed, or at any subsequent Time, be vested in the Trustees, Directors or Commissioners of any such Turnpike Road, shall be subject to the Payment at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, of the Interest payable on such Debentures, and to the further Sum of Two Pounds per Centum per Annum on the Principal Sum borrowed; which said Sum of Two Pounds per Centum per Annum shall, by the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt of, be duly and regularly

applied, together with the Interest of all Principal Sums which shall be redeemed therewith, to the Redemption of the Sums so borrowed; and when the Whole of the Sums so borrowed shall be

redeemed

Trustees of Turnpikes may increase Tolls for Repayment of Money under this Act.

If Lord Lieutenant satisfied of Sufficiency of Income of Turnpike Road to pay Interest and 2l. per Cent, per Ann. as a Sinking F und, Treasury of Ireland may raise Money on Debentures, carrying Interest at 51. per Cent, per An. and pay same to Trustees.

Tolls liable to Payment at the Exchequer of the Interest on Debentures, and 2b per Cent, per Ann. t'H the Principal is redeemed *

92

C. 43.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

On failure of Payment of Interest, &c. the Lord Chancellor may appoint a Receiver, or sequester the Tolls.

Parts of Turnpike Roads discontinued may be sold by Trustees unless presented within Eight Months as a public Road by Grand Juries, &c.

redeemed thereby, and all Interest thereon paid and satisfied, the said Tolls shall be discharged from all Demands on account thereof.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Interest shall at any Time be behind or unpaid by the Trustees or proper Officer of any Turnpike Road, for Money borrowed under the Authority and for the Purposes of this Act, for the Space of Seven Days after any of the Days appointed for the Payment of such Interest, or if the Trustees or other proper Officer of any Turnpike Road, shall omit or neglect to pay at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, a Sum equal to the full Amount of all Interest which may become due on any Debentures for Money raised, and which shall have been so remitted or paid to the Trustees, Directors or Commissioners of such Road, or their Order, Twenty one Days at the least before such Interest shall be payable at the Treasury, together with the further Sum after the Rate of Two Pounds per Centum per Annum as aforesaid, the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper or Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Ireland, may, upon Petition and Affidavit of the Party claiming a Right to such Interest, or upon the Motion of His Majesty's Attorney General of Ireland on Behalf of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of

Ireland, appoint a Receiver to receive so much of the Tolls of such Road as may be necessary to pay such Interest respectively, and such further Sum after the Rate of Two Pounds per Centum per Annum, together with the Receiver’s Fees, and all reasonable

Costs attending such Application; or may make such Order for sequestering the Tolls for the Payment thereof, as to such Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Commissioners, may appear just and fitting in that Behalf.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the Trustees, Directors or Commissioners of any Turnpike Road, shall alter the same in pursuance of this Act, they shall cause a Map of such Parts of the existing Road as shall in consequence thereof be discontinued by them, to be deposited with the Treasurer of the County in which such Parts shall be situated; and if the Grand Jurj' of such County shall not within Eight Months after such Map shall be so deposited, present such Parts to be left open as a public Road, and present to be raised oft* the Barony or Half Barony, or Baronies or Half Baronies, in which such Road shall be situated, (and which every Grand Jury is hereby empowered to do,) such Sum or Sums of Money as the Materials of the said Road, and of all Bridges and Arches thereon, shall amount to, on a Valuation to be made thereof upon Oath of Three Persons, One to be named by the Trustees, Directors or Commissioners of such Road, One other by such Grand Jury, and the Third to be chosen by the other Two; every Part of such Road which shall not be so presented to be kept open, shall be and is hereby declared to be vested in the Trustees, Directors or Commissioners of such Road, and shall and may be set or sold by them, or as many of them as are competent do any Act respecting such Road; and all Materials thereon, or in any Bridges, Arches or Pipes, upon or across the same, may be taken down and applied by them to the Use and Advantage of the Road under their

Care;

A.D. 1, 805.

45° GEO. III. C. 43, 44.

93

Care; and all Money arising from the Sale or Setting of such discontinued Road, shall be applied in Aid of the Tolls under their Management. [Repealed, 46 3. 134. §11.]

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Oaths adminis-any Justice of the Peace, within his Jurisdiction, to administer ^red by One any Oath or Oaths prescribed or required by this Act; and that Justice* if any Person who shall take any such Oath shall wilfully and knowingly swear falsely therein, every such Person, being duly convicted thereof, shall suffer the Pains and Penalties to which Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are or shall be sub- Perjury, ject to by any Law in force in Ireland.

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- Postmasters ful for the Postmasters General in Ireland to pay all such Sums General may as may be necessary for satisfying the Surveyors and other Persons pay Expences to be employed for the making the Surveys directed by this Act, and for the Attendance of the Surveyors on any Grand Juries, or p0*stage Duty. on any Trustees, Directors or Commissioner ^, of any Turnpike Road respectively, and for all Expences incurred by them in the Execution of this Act, out of any Money in their Hands arising from the Duty on the Postage of Letters in Ireland.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all Powers and Provisions Powers of for-contained in any Act or Acts in force in, relating to any mer Acts re-

Post Road, Presentment Road or Turnpike Road, which shall be specting Roads widened, altered or improved under and by virtue of this Act, ^tlied to tIlls shall be applied where necessary in the Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually as if such Powers and Provisions were repeated and re-enacted in this Act, so far as such Powers and Provisions are applicable to and are not repealed or altered by this Act.

[See 46 G. 3. c. 134. — 53 G.3. c. 146. — 57 3. c. xlix.]

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act made in the Thirty 34 g. 3, c. 5i. fourth Year of His present Majesty, as exempts Slate, § the Value whereof shall not exceed Twenty Shillings per Ton, brought Coastwise within Great, from the

Duty thereby granted.

[5th June 1805.]

WHEREAS Slate of the Production of Great,

brought Coastwise from any Port or Place within Great Britain to any other Port or Place therein, the Value of which,

* as it is on Shipboard at the Port or Place where the same shall be intended to be landed, shall not exceed Twenty Shillings Ton, is not chargeable with Duty; And Whereas it is expedient that the Exemption from Duty on such Slates should be dis- continued Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Ex- Slate herein cellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords described Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia- brought Coast-ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and se subject to after the passing of this Act, all Slate so brought as aforesaid, Und?r 43 G 3 whether the same shall be under the Value of Twenty Shillings c>68. &c. per Ton or not, shall be subject and liable to such and the like

Duties,

94

C. 44, 45.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Duties, as well temporary as permanent, as by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs payable Great Britain, end to grant other Duties in lieu thereof and by several other Acts passed subsequent thereto, are imposed on Slate the Production of Great Britain; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XLV.

43 G.3. c. 81.

44G.S. c. 49.

The Additional Duties granted by recited Acts perpetual.

33 G.3. c. 48. §1.

An Act for making perpetual certain additional Duties of Excise on Wine imported into Great, granted by

Two Acts passed in the Forty third and Forty fourth Years of His present Majesty; and to allow a Drawback of the said Duties to Admirals, Captains and other Commissioned Officers, for Wine consumed on board His Majesty's Ships of War.

[5th June 1805.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of ‘ His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty, until Twelve Months after the Ratification of

1 the Definitive Treaty of Peace, certain additional Duties of Excise ‘ in Great Britain, certain additional Duties of Excise on Wine ‘ imported into Great Britain were granted unto His Majesty,

(until Twelve Months after the Ratification of the Definitive

Treaty of Peace; and by another Act passed in the Forty fourth 4 AYar of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty, until Twelve Months afier the Ratification of a

Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties of Excise on Wine imported into Great Britain, certain further additional Duties of

* Excise on Wine imported into Great Britain were granted unto

* His Majesty until Twelve Months after the Ratification of a 4 Definitive Treaty of Peace: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Duties granted by the said recited Acts should be made

perpetual May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said respective additional Duties of Excise on Wine by the said recited Acts granted, and the Drawbacks thereby respectively allowed, and all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures therein respectively contained and mentioned in relation to such Duties and Drawbacks respectively, shall be and the same are hereby made perpetual.

II. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty third Year ‘ of. His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to allow the Drawback of the Duties of Customs and Excise upon Wines sumed by Admirals, Captains and other Commissioned Officers on board Ships of War in actual Ser, and to allow such Ships to be supplied with Tobacco Duty f, a Drawback of the whole

Amount of the Duties of Customs and Excise paid on the Im-

portation of Wines into Great Britain is allowed on any Sort of

Wine intended for the Use of Admirals, Captains or other Commissioned

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 45, 46, 47.

95

missioned Officers employed in His Majesty's Service, for their actual Consumption, on board such of His Majesty's Ships as they shall serve in, yearly and every Year, in the proportions therein mentioned, and under the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in the said recited Act; and it is thereby provided, that the said Drawback should not be allowed upon any Wines but such as should be delivered into the Charge of the Collectors and Comptrollers of His Majesty's Customs at certain Ports therein enumerated: And

4 Whereas by several subsequent Acts the Provisions of the said recited Act relating to the said Allowances of the Drawbacks on Wines v/ere extended to other Ports in Great Britain: And 4 Whereas other and additional Duties of Customs and Excise have been granted on the Importation of Wines into Great Britain since the passing of the said recited Acts; and Doubts have arisen whether a Drawback of the whole Amount of the Duties of Customs and Excise, now payable on the Importation of Wines into Great Britain, can be allowed on Wines intended for the Use of Admirals, Captains and other Commissioned Officers emploj^ed in His Majesty's Service; and it is expedient that a Drawback of the whole Amount of such Duties should be allowed Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, a Drawback of the whole Amount of the Duties of Customs and Excise now paid or hereafter to be paid on the Importation of Wines into Great, shall be allowed

on any Sort of Wine intended for the Use of Admirals, Captains or other Commissioned Officers employed in His Majesty's Service, for their actual Consumption on board such of His Majesty's Ships as they shall serve in, in like Manner and under the like Provisions and Restrictions as Drawbacks of any former Duties paid on the Importation of Wines into Great Britain are directed to be allowed by the said recited Act of the Thirty third Year aforesaid, and the said several Acts subsequent thereto.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act to continue, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, and amend an Act, made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for appointing Commissioners to inquire and examine into any Irregularities, Frauds or Abuses which are or have been practised by Persons employed in the several Naval Departments therein mentioned.

[5th June 1805.]

CAP. XLVII.

An Act to appoint Commissioners to enquire and examine into the Public Expenditure, and the Conduct of Public Business, in the Military Departments therein mentioned; and to report such Observations as shall occur to them for correcting or preventing any Abuses and Irregularities, and for the better conducting and managing the Business of the said Departments; to continue in force for Two Years, and

from

Drawback of Duties of Customs and Excise paid on "Wine imported allowed on Wine for the Stores of Officers on board His Majesty's Ships.

EXP.

EXP.

96

C. 4*7 — 50.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

EXP.

43 G.3. c. 122.

37 G. 3. c. 45.

from thence until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament.

[5th June 1805.]

[Continued, 4*7 G. 3. Sess. 2. c. 33. — 48 G. 3. c. 61. — 49 G. 3.

c. 111.; and until 25th March 1813, 52 G. 3. 41.; but

no further Continuation appears.']

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting into Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for continuing ami granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates in Englaand certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, in Great, for the

Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and five(^); and an Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great B, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, (b)

[5th 1805.]

(a) [45 G.3. c. 2.] (b )[38 G.3. c. 5.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act to repeal certain Parts of an Act, made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices; and to consolidate, and render more effectual, the Provisions for collecting the said Duties.

[5th June 1805.]

[This Act repealed, 46 G. 3. c. 65. § 2.]

CAP. L.

An Act for regulating Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder, by Retail, and for discouraging the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland.

[5th June 1805.]

WHEREAS the Laws now in force in for regulating

the Sale of Spirituous Liquors by Retail, and for discouraging the immoderate Use of them, have been found insufficient, and it is expedient to repeal the same, and to enact One 4 new Law, with such Provisions as may be necessary Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the issuing of Licences for the Sale of Wine, Ale, Beer, Cyder and Spirituous Liquors by Retail, and for preventing the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors; and also several Acts made in the Parliament of Ireland

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 50.

97

in the Thirty eighth* Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, and in the Parliament of the United Kingdom o £ Great Britain and Ireland, in the Forty first Year of His

present Majesty's Reign, for continuing and amending the said recited Act of the Thirty seventh Year; and also so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for making further Regulations for the better Collection and Security of His Majesty's Revenue of Customs and Excise Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein, as relates to the Manner of granting and

issuing such Licences, shall, from and after the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and five, cease and determine, and shall be and the same are hereby repealed and made null and void, except so far as may concern the prosecuting, suing for and recovering of any Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, for any Offence against the said Acts or any of them, committed before the said Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and five.

iII. And Whereas it is expedient that the Power of granting 1 Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale 1 and Cyder, by Retail, in Ireland, should be vested in the Magistrates of the several Counties, whose especial Duty it is to ‘ attend to the Peace of the Country, and to the Morals and So-1 briety of the People; ’ Be it further enacted, That at the General Sessions of the Peace, which shall be held yearly in each County in Ireland in the Month of Aprils before any Civil Bills shall be proceeded upon, a Time and Place shall be appointed by the Court, at which Special Sessions of the Peace are to be held in each Barony or Half Barony of the County before the First Day of July following, for the Purpose of fixing upon Persons proper

to be entrusted with the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder, by Retail, within such Barony or Half Barony, and of ordering Licences to be issued accordingly, which the Justices assembled at every such Special Sessions are hereby authorized and required to do.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case such Special Sessions shall be omitted to be so appointed for all or any of the Baronies or Half Baronies in the County, or in case there shall not be a sufficient Attendance of Justices on the Day appointed for any such Special Sessions, or in case no Licence as aforesaid shall be ordered to be issued thereat for any Barony or Half Barony, it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, and they are hereby required at the next succeeding General Sessions in

July, to fix upon Persons proper to be entrusted with such Sale within each and every such Barony or Half Barony, and to order Licences to be issued accordingly in the same Manner as Justices might have done at a Special Sessions held within such Barony or Half Barony, under the Provisions of this A qt; and every Act done at such General Sessions in July shall be as valid, to all Intents and Purposes, for. the Execution of this Act, as if done at a Special Sessions held in such Barony or Half Barony.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in each County of a Town or City (Dublin and the District nf Five Miles beyond the Circular Road and the Wall of the Phoenix P only excepted) it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace thereof at the

45 Geo. III. H General

38 G.3. c. 73.

39 G.3. c. 40.

40 G.3. c. 54.

(I.)

41 G.3. (U.K.)

c. 48.

and so much of 44 G. 3. c. 103. as relates to Manner of granting Licences, repealed.

Magistrates at General Sessions in April shall fix a Time and Place for Special Sessions in each Barony, to order Licences.

If Special Sessions not so appointed or held, Licences to be ordered at General Sessions in July.

In Towns, &c. (except Dublin) Licences may be ordered at Sessions

98

C. 50.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

either in April or July, or both.

Particulars of Names, &c. delivered to Clerk of the Peace by Party licensed.

Justices to enquire into Character and Sufficiency of Party, and of House and Sureties, and their Approbation entered in the Crown Book and signed.

Grand Juries at Spring Assizes to determine the Number of Houses to be licensed in each Barony.

General Sessions either in April or, or at both in each Year, to fix upon proper Persons to be entrusted with the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder therein, and to order Licences to be issued accordingly, which the Justices assembled at such Sessions are hereby authorized and required to do.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Licence as aforesaid shall be ordered or issued to any Person, unless the Person applying for such Licence shall have delivered in Writing to the acting Clerk of the Peace his Christian and Surname, and Place of Abode, specifying the House, Town or Townland, Parish, Barony or Half Barony, and if in the County of a Town or City, the Road, Street, Square, Lane or other Description of Place where such Person desires to be licensed to sell in, and the Names and Places of Abode of the Persons whom such Person requiring such Licence proposes as Sureties, not being Distillers or Publicans.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Justices at every such Special or General Sessions as aforesaid, shall, previous to ordering any Licence as aforesaid to be issued, inquire, and they are hereby authorized and directed to inquire in open Court, and upon Oath if they shall see Occasion, into the Character of each Person so applying for a Licence, whether such Person be of good Fame, sober Life and orderly Conduct, and whether the House wherein such Person proposes to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder, by Retail, is conveniently situated for the Purpose, and capable of and convenient for the Sale of Victuals, and the Accommodation of Travellers or Persons resorting thereunto for Food and Provisions, and they shall also inquire whether the Sureties proposed by each such Person are good and sufficient for the Sums they are to be bound in; and their Approbation of any such Person, and of the Sureties offered, and of the Place and House or Houses whereat such Person desires to be licensed, shall be immediately entered in open Court in the Crown Book thereof, by the acting Clerk of the Peace, and be signed by at least Two Justices attending at such Sessions.

VII. And, in order more effectually to provide for proper ‘ Situations only being selected for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors,

* Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder, and to guard against a greater ‘ Number of Houses being licensed than shall be compatible with ‘ the Morals and Sobriety of the People; Be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of each County or County of a Town or City to inquire into, and determine, at each Spring Assizes, the Number of Houses which, consistent with a due Attention to the Morals and Sobriety of the People, it may be expedient to allow to be licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder, by Retail, for One Year, from the Twenty ninth Day of September next ensuing, within each Barony or Half Barony of such County, or within such County of a Town or City, specifying the Townland, Town or Village, and the Number of public Houses to be allowed in each Townland, or in each Town or Village, or within a District not less than a Mile around such Town or Village, or in each County, or the Parish or Parishes, and the Number of public Houses to be allowed in each if in a County of a Town or City; and they shall cause such their Determination

A.D. 1805.

45° GEO. III. C. 50.

99

termination to be delivered to the Clerk of the Peace, who shall produce and read the same aloud in open Court at the General or Special Sessions, as the Case may be, before any Order shall be made thereat for issuing any Licence; and no Order shall be made for the issuing of any Licence, nor shall any Licence if issued be valid for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Cyder, in any Place not specified for the Purpose, in such Determination, or in greater Number than shall be therein specified; if such Determination shall have been so made:Provided always, If no Determi-that if no such Determination shall be made by the Grand Jury, nation by Grand it shall be lawful for the Justices at any such Sessions as aforesaid to order such Number of Licences to be issued, and for such Licences* Places as in their Discretion they shall think expedient, and compatible with the Morals and Sobriety of the Inhabitants.

" if Licences not ordered at Special or General Sessions, they " may be granted by Clerk of the Peace, under certain Restrictions. § 8. [Repealed, 4-9 G. 3. c. 99. §18.]

IX. And be it further enacted, That upon any Order made by Conditions of

the Justices of the Peace pursuant to this Act for issuing a Li- Bonds to be cence, if the Person applying, and the Sureties approved of for entered into by such Person, shall attend in Court, their Security may be immedi- and

ately taken, that of the Person applying in the Sum of Fifty Pounds, their Sureties if and that of the Sureties each in Twenty five Pounds in a Bond to ready, in open His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Condition of every Court, which Bond shall be, that the Person to be licensed shall keep a Victualling House, Inn or Tavern, during the Time such Licence

shall be in force, and shall be constantly provided with strong Beer, Ale or Porter, and Victuals of good and sound Quality for Sale by Retail, and shall supply all Travellers who shall require it with such Victuals, and Beer, Ale and Porter, at reasonable Rates, and shall not sell Spirituous Liquors to be consumed in his or her House or Premises on or during" a, norJWTine,

Ale, Beer, Porter or Cyder, on a Sunday before Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, except to Travellers, nor before Sunrise any Morning, nor after an unreasonable Hour any Evening, nor to any Tradesman, Artificer or Labourer resorting to his or her House for the Purpose of receiving Wages, or of entering into any Combination, and shall not knowingly or wilfully entertain any Persons assembling for the Purpose of entering into an unlawful Association or Combination therein, or Persons in Arms who are not by Law qualified to carry the same; and that such Person so to be licensed respectively shall not at any Time receive into his or her House, or permit or suffer to be sold therein or thereout any Spirituous Liquors which shall not, to the best of his or her Knowledge and Belief, have fully paid His Majesty's Duties, and which shall not have been duly and legally attended with proper Permits to such Person from the Distillery or Stores of a licensed Distiller or Factor. [Secfurther 46 G. 3. 70. § 6.]

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Distiller or Distillers or Publican shall be allowed to become Surety, or shall be accepted Publicans not as such in any Bond to be taken on the issuing or granting any to be Sureties, such Licence as aforesaid; and if any Publican or Distiller shall

become Surety, or enter into any such Bond as Surety, the Li-

100

Clerk of the Peace may issue Licence on Stamps.

Form of Licence.

Fees.

Persons refused may appeal.

C. SO. 45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

cence granted in consequence thereof shall be void and of none Effect.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case such Security shall not be entered into in open Court, the same may be entered into before any Magistrate at any Time before the Twenty ninth Day of September next ensuing the ordering of any Licence, and upon such Security, whether entered into in open Court, or before a Magistrate, being delivered to the acting Clerk of the Peace, he shall file the same, and preserve it among the Records of the County; and it shall thereupon be lawful for such Clerk of the Peace, and he is hereby required, to give or cause to be given to the Person in whose Behalf such Security shall have been entered into, immediately on Demand, a Licence in the Form following; that is to say:

* B. of is hereby licensed to sell Spirituous

* Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder, by Retail, at

, in the Parish [or, if the Place is, the Township]

* of until the Twenty ninth Day of September

‘ One thousand eight hundred and

Which Licence shall be of force for One Year from the Twenty ninth Day of September in the said Year until the Twenty ninth Day of September in the Year next ensuing; and every such Licence shall be on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, stamped with such Stamp or Stamps as is or shall be required by Law for the same, for the issuing whereof, and filling up the same, and also for filling up such Bond as aforesaid, if he be required so to do, every such Clerk of the Peace shall be entitled to demand and receive the Sum of Two Shillings and Six Pence British Currency as a Fee, together with the Amount of the Stamp Duties on such Bond, if he shall have paid for and supplied the same before he shall sign or deliver such Licence; and if such Clerk of the Peace shall have paid for and supplied the stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper for such Licence, at the Desire of the Person applying for a Licence, he shall be entitled to demand and receive the Amount of the Stamp Duty thereon, and also the further Sum of Two Shillings and Six Pence like Currency for his Expence in procuring the same, if such Stamp Duty shall not exceed Eleven Pounds like Currency, and of Five Shillings if such Stamp Duty shall exceed Eleven Pounds like Currency.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall apply in Manner hereinbefore directed for any Order for issuing a Licence as aforesaid, and the Justices assembled at the Sessions shall refuse to grant such Order, or if the Clerk of the Peace, in Cases where no such Order is requisite, shall refuse to issue a Licence to any Person entitled under the Provisions of this Act to receive the same, and the Person so applying shall think himself or herself aggrieved by such Refusal, it shall and may be lawful for every such Person to appeal to the next General Sessions of the Peace to be held in such City, Town or County in Ireland; and in case the Justices at such Sessions shall think such Person proper and qualified to be licensed, and shall approve of the Sureties to be named by such Person, it shall be lawful for them to order a Licence

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C, 50. 101

cence to be issued forthwith, under the like Securities, Terms and Regulations respectively, as are hereinbefore directed.

For Supply of Stamps for Licences, Distributors shall attend at

Sessions. §13. [Repealed, 47 G.3. 2. 12.§12.]

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person so licensed Licence may

shall be desirous to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or be made appli-Cyder, in any Hut, Tent or Booth, or in any Street, Road or s

open Place, at any Fair, and shall apply for Licence to do so to Fa^°rSat any Magistrate of the County or County of a Town or City, resident within Five Miles of such Fair, it shall be lawful for such Magistrate to endorse upon his Licence a Liberty so to do, with

the Consent of the Proprietor of the Tolls of such Fair, specifying

the Day or Days of the Fair which such Person shall be permitted

to sell at, on such Persons paying to the Collector of Excise of the

District wherein such Fair shall be held, such Duty as shall be

payable therefore for each Fair Day at which such Person shall be

authorized by any such Endorsement to sell as aforesaid, and

upon such Collector certifying such Payment upon the Foot or Back

of such Licence; and every Collector certifying such Payment Collectors to

shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Commissioners for deliver Ac-

managing the Stamp Duties an Account thereof at the End of counts thereof

each Month, and shall send a similar Account to the Clerk of the offic^and to

Peace. [Payments made to Stamp, are to Clerk of

make Returns, 46 G. 3. c. 70. § 9.] the Peace.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of His Ma- Licences to sell jesty’s Militia or Regular Forces commanding any Encampment of Beer or Spirits Troops shall recommend any Person to be licensed for the Sale of at Encamp-either Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Ale, Beer or Cyder, or all or f any of them, it shall be lawful for any Two Magistrates within their Jurisdiction to give an Order for the issuing a Licence to such Person so recommended to sell such Articles as aforesaid, specified in such Recommendation at such Encampment for One Month, and to order the same to be renewed from Month to Month during the continuance of such Encampment, and no longer.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every such Licence, or Renewal thereof, shall be issued by a Distributor of Stamps, on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, stamped with a Stamp of the Amount of the Duty payable thereon, for supplying which he shall be entitled to demand and receive a Fee of One Shilling British Currency, and that a Certificate of every such Licence, and of every Renewal thereof, shall be delivered by such Distributor to the acting Clerk of the Peace within One Month after the same shall have been issued, and shall be by him entered along with the Licences issued by him. [See45 G* 3. c. 51. Schedule (A.)]

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no such Licence so issued on the Recommendation of the Commanding Officer of an Encampment, shall be of force after such Officer or any other Commanding Officer thereat shall revoke the same, and give Notice in Writing of such Revocation to either of the Two Justices who signed the Order for licensing, or to the Stamp Distributor who shall have issued the Licence.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person licensed under the Provisions of this Act shall affix or cause to be affixed

H 3 on

ments Month to Month.

Distributors to grant such Licences on Stamps.

Camp Licences revoked on Notice by Commanding Officer.

Licensed Persons shall have

102

C. 50.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

or keep Boards with their -Names.

[Penalty.]

Certain Persons declared incapable of receiving Licences.

mo deemed Victuallers.

on some conspicuous Place on the Outside of his House, not more than Three Feet distant from the Top of the front Door thereof, and also on the Outside of the Place at any Fair where such Person shall be allowed to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Cyder, his or her Name at full Length painted on a Board in white Letters One Inch long at the least, upon a black Ground, or in black Letters ot like Length upon a white Ground, and the Words "Licensed to sell Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail/' in Letters of like Size and Colour, and shall preserve and keep up the same during the Time such Person shall continue to sell therein Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail, or in Default thereof shall forfeit a Sum equal to the Amount of the Stamp Duty paid or chargeable upon his or her Licence so to sell Spirituous or other Liquors.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller, Bailiff,

Gaoler, Turnkey, Constable, Sheriff, Sub Sheriff, Sheriff’s Officer, Peace Officer, Keeper of an}r Turnpike Gate, Commissioned or Non Commissioned Yeoman Officer, Officer of Customs or Excise, nor any Person exercising by himself, or airy Person for his Use or Benefit, the Trade or Business of a Grocer, or who shall be licensed as a Grocer, or in whose House or in any Building occupied by him or her, or any House or Building adjoining thereto, and which shall communicate with such House or Building, the Trade or Business of a Grocer shall be carried on, or who shall not be a Victualler, Inn Keeper or Tavern Keeper, shall be capable of receiving a Licence to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Cyder, by Retail, nor any Person who shall not previously subscribe the Oath of Allegiance, and likewise take and subscribe an Oath that he is not, nor has not been, since the Sixth Day of October' One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, a United Irishman, nor acted as such, nor is a Member of or connected with or belonging to any Society or Meeting formed or appointed for any treasonable, seditious or unlawful Purpose, and that he or she will not permit or suffer to be sold in any House, Building, Outhouse, Tent, Field or other Place, for his or her Account or Profit during the Continuance of the Licence, any Spirituous Liquors which shall not have been duly and legally permitted and attended with proper Permits to him or her, and which shall not, to the best of his or her Knowledge or Belief, have paid the full Duties due thereon to His Majesty; and every Licence which shall be issued to any Person declared by this Act not to be capable of receiving the same, or to any Person or Persons in Trust, or to the Use or Benefit of such Person or Persons so declared incapable, shall be and the same is hereby declared to be void to all Intents and Purposes, and the Person whose Licence shall so become null and void shall be deemed an unlicensed Retailer of Spirituous Liquors, and be subject to such Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities as Retailers of Spirituous Liquors without Licence are subject to. (a) 46 G.3. c. 70. § 1.

and this Section as to Grocers repealed., 58 3. 57. § I.]

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be deemed a Victualler, Inn Keeper or Tavern Keeper, within the Meaning of this Act, who shall not furnish or sell Victuals to be consumed in the House of such Person.

A.D. 1805.

W GEO. III. C. 50.

103

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Licence as aforesaid shall be granted to any Person who shall not be charged with and pay Duty for Two Fire Hearths at the least, nor unless the House of such Person shall be charged and pay Tax in respect of some Windows or Lights therein,

XXII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to subject any Apothecary or Druggist to any Penalty for selling Cordial or Medicinal Waters, in the Way of his Business as an Apothecary or Druggist, or to oblige him to have a Licence for so doing.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder in

shall assign the House or Place in which such Person shall have, been licensed to sell such Liquors to any Person, or shall die, the Assignee of such Person assigning his Interest, or the Executors or Administrators of the Person so dying, or his or their Assignee who shall become possessed of such House or Place, may lawfully sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder therein, until the Expiration of the Term for which the Licence shall have been granted, provided such Executors or Administrators, or such Assignee, (b) shall have obtained the Certificate of the Two next resident Justices of the Peace, or any Two Justices resident within Five Miles thereof, that he, she or they is or are a proper Person or Persons to be licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder by Retail, and shall, together with Two sufficient Sureties, approved of by such Justices, have executed such Bond as is hereinbefore required on granting a Licence. (6) [Extended to Heir.s, 46 G.3. c. 70. ^IZ.an . 12. §15.]

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Licence shall be granted by any Clerk of the Peace in Ireland to any Person to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and C)?der by Retail, on any Order fraudulently obtained from or made by any Justices, not pursuant to the Directions of this Act, every such Licence shall be void, and the Person to whom such Licence shall have been granted shall be deemed a Retailer of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Cyder, without Licence, and shall be subject to the same Penalties as Persons selling such Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Cyder, by Retail, without Licence, are by this Act subject to.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person licensed

to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder by Retail in Ireland, shall sell by Retail any such Liquors in any other Place

than such Houses or Places thereunto belonging wherein such Person inhabited and dwelled at the Time of the issuing of such Licence, and which shall be described therein, such Licence shall be of no effect to protect such Person from, any Penalties he or she may be liable to on account thereof; but such Persons shall be liable to the same Penalties on account of such Sale as Persons selling Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Cyder by Retail, without Licence, are by this Act subject to.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and

may be lawful for the Superintendent Magistrate of, on

Application to him made for that Purpose by any Person, being licensed as hereinafter mentioned within the District of the

H 4< Metropolis

No Licence to Housesnotpaying Hearth Duty, &c.

Apothecaries.

Assignees may continue Retailers till Expiration of Licence, provided they obtain Certificates and execute Bonds,

Licences granted on Certificates fraudulently obtained void, and such Persons liable to Penalties.

Licences void if Spirits sold in Places not therein described, and Persons selling liable to Penalties.

In Dublin the Place may be changed by Leave of Superintendent Magistrate.

104

C. 50.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Who shall be deemed Retailers.

Clerk of the Peace entering Order, or issuing Licences unduly.

Penalty $001.

Clerks of Peace to transmit Lists of Persons licensed to Excise and Stamp Offices when required.

Penalty20l. &c.

Metropolis of Dublin, to allow such Person to sell such Liquors by Retail in any House or Place within the said District, other than the House or Place described in such Licence, for the Remainder of the Year for which such Licence shall be granted, which said last mentioned Place shall be indorsed on the Back of such Licence, and signed by the Hand of such Superintendant Magistrate.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall

sell, by himself or herself, or by any Person employed by him or her, or acting for his or her Benefit, either within his or her House, Outhouse or Building, Hut, Tent or other Place whatever, or to be consumed elsewhere, Spirituous Liquors in less Quantity at One Time than Four Gallons, mixed or unmixed with Water, Sugar or other Ingredients, or Beer, Ale or Cyder, in less Quantity than a Quarter of a Barrel, or Wine in less Quantity than One Gallon, (Sellers of bottled Beer, Ale, Porter or Cyder excepted, who shall send the same abroad, and not sell any to be consumed in their own Houses,) shall be deemed to be Retailers, and to sell the same by Retail within the Meaning of this Act, and if not duly licensed shall be subject to all and singular the Penalties and Disabilities enacted against Persons selling the same without Licence. [See farther, 46 G. 3. c. 70. § 3.]

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the

Peace shall enter in the Crown Book any Order contrary to or inconsistent with the Order of the Justices, or any Provisions hi this Act contained, or shall issue any Licence for a greater Number of Persons in any Townland, Town or Village, or within a District not less than One Mile round any Town or Village, or in any Parish within the County, County , »f a Town or City, other than shall be contained in the Determination of the Grand Jury, if such Determination shall have been duly made, or shall issue any Licence not authorized by the Provisions of this Act, he shall for every Order so entered, or Licence so issued, forfeit the Sum of Five

hundred Pounds, and every such Order and Licence shall and is hereby declared to be null and void. [See further, 47 3.

Sess. 2. c. 12. §9.]

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the several Clerks of

the Peace in Ireland, so often as they shall be thereunto required by Notice signed by any Commissioner of Excise, or by any Commissioner for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, shall transmit to the Excise and Stamp Offices in Dublin respectively a true and accurate List of all Licences issued by them respectively, and the Dates of such Licences, the Names of the Persons licensed and their Sureties, and the Places where they shall be licensed to sell, and the Amount of the Stamp Duty paid on such Licences respectively; and also Copies or Extracts of all Bonds entered into with respect to any Licence issued, and the Amount of Stamp Duty paid on such Bonds respectively; and of all Licences certified to him in respect to Fairs by any Collector, and by Justices of the Peace in respect of Encampments; and if any Clerk of the Peace shall refuse or omit to return such List within Ten Days after such Notice as aforesaid, he shall for every Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, British Currency, and a further Sum of One Pound a Day, like Currency, until he shall transmit such List respectively. [See further, 47 G. 3. Sess. 2. 12. § 9.]

A.D. 1805.

4-5° GEO. III. C. 50.

105

XXX. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk of the Peace Clerks of Peace shall keep all Bonds entered into by any Persons licensed under to keeP a"d this Act, and by their Sureties, among the Records of the County, Jf licensed°n S and shall, upon Demand made to him by any Justice of the Peace, persons.

or by any Officer of the Commissioners of Excise, or Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties, produce any Bond so demanded for his Inspection.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Clerk of the . Peace shall demand, take or receive, directly or indirectly, by Fees^ himself, or any other Person employed by him or acting on his un ue ees’ Behalf, any greater Fee or Fees for doing his Duty under this Act

than are allowed unto him by this Act, or shall refuse to fill up any Bond or any Licence which he is required to fill for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, he shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, Penalty 100I. and shall upon Conviction thereof be and is hereby declared in- Incapacity, capable of ever acting as Clerk of the Peace.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Clerk of the Peace shall neglect to attend at any Sessions of the Peace, General Peac Non' or Special, at which any Act is to be done towards carrying any j^ee"ec"Ce °r Part of this Act into Execution, unless prevented by Sickness or s sudden Accident, sufficient in the Opinion of the Court to justify

his Absence, and verified by Oath, or shall neglect to provide a proper and sufficient Person, in case of such his necessary Absence therefrom, to act there for him, and for whom he shall be answerable, it shall be lawful for the Justices, or for any Justice attending, if there shall be only One, to fine such Clerk of the Peace for every such Neglect or Omission, in the Sum of Twenty Penalty sol. Pounds British Currency, which Fine shall be immediately estreated into the Court of Exchequer in Ireland.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Clerk of the every Clerk of the Peace to appoint One or more sufficient Peace may ap-Deputy or Deputies to act for him in the Execution of this Act, Point a Deputy, each resident within the County of which he shall be Clerk of the

Peace, and for whom such Clerk of the Peace shall be answerable, and the Act of each and every such Deputy or Deputies shall be deemed the Act of the Clerk of the Peace by whom he or they is or are appointed, and shall subject such Clerk of the Peace to all Penalties and Disabilities for any Acts, Matters or Things done, or neglected to be done by any of them, as if such Act had been done, or neglected to be done by such Clerk of the Peace; and every such Deputy shall be deemed the acting Clerk of the Peace in the Absence of the Clerk of the Peace.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Clerk of In Absence of the Peace, or acting Clerk of the Peace, shall at any Time neglect actinS Clerk of to attend in the Execution of his Duty under this Act at any Peace the Sessions, General or Special, it shall and may be lawful for the ^Count °ma Treasurer of the County, then there present, to do all such Act act. y y and Acts as are by this Act required to be done by such Clerk of

the Peace, at such Sessions, General or Special, and to take such Fees for the same as such Clerk of the Peace is by this Act authorized and empowered to take.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Presentment shall Affidavit of

be made by any Grand Jury, or fiated by any Judge of Assize for Clerk of the

Q Peace that he any

106

C. 50.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

has not received undue Fees to be made, before Presentment for him.

Selling Spirits without Licences; if in Dublin, &c.

[Penalty.]

First Offence, SOI.

Second and subsequent Offence, 401.

Elsewhere, First Offence, 201.

Second and subsequent Offence, 301.

Proviso for Sellers of bottled Ale.

Persons Twice convicted incapable of licence, and liable to Penalties.

Magistrate may enter any Place, and

any Money to be paid to any Clerk of the Peace for any Purpose whatsoever, either for Salary, Fees or otherwise, unless such Clerk of the Peace shall lay before the Grand Jury an Affidavit made by him, that he has not taken or received since the passing of this Act any greater or other Fee or Fees for any Thing clone by him in the Execution thereof than what are allowed to him expressly by the same, every which Affidavit shall be laid before the Judge of Assize, and read in open Court, before the Judge shall fiat the Presentment, and it shall then be delivered to the Clerk of the Crown, to be kept among the Records of the County.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall sell

any Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Cyder by Retail, unless such Person shall be licensed so to do in Manner herein directed; and if any Person shall sell any such Liquors by Retail, without having obtained such Licence as directed by this Act, or having obtained such Licence the same shall have become void, every such Person being duly convicted thereof before any One Magistrate for the First Offence, and before any Two Magistrates for the Second or any subsequent Offence, either by his or her Confession, or the Oath of any One credible Witness, shall for the First Offence, if committed within the City of or within

the Circular Road, or within the District of the Metropolis of Dublin, or in any Place beyond the Circular Road and the Wall of His Majesty's Park, the Phoenix, not distant more than Five Miles therefrom, or within the Cities of Cork, Waterford or Limerick, or within the rest of the Counties of the said Cities, forfeit the Sum of Thirty Pounds, British Currency, and for the Second and every further Offence Forty Pounds British Currency; and if such Offence shall be committed in an^y other Place in Ireland, every such Person shall for the First Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds British Currency, and for the Second and for every further Offence Thirty Pounds British Currency; and in Default of Payment of the said Forfeitures or Penalties respectively, for the First Offence the Person offending shall be committed to Gaol for a Space not exceeding Four Calendar Months, nor less than Two Calendar Months, and in Default of Payment of the said Forfeitures or Penalties respectively, for the Second or any further Offence shall be committed to Gaol, there to remain for the Space of Six Calendar Months: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to Sellers of bottled Beer, Ale, Porter or Cyder, who shall send the same Abroad, and not sell any to be consumed in their own Houses.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be convicted of a Second Offence against this Act, such Person shall be incapable of receiving a Licence to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Cyder, by Retail, and that every Licence for that Purpose granted or to be granted to any such Person shall be void; and any such Person afterwards selling any Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Cyder, by Retail, in Ireland, shall be subject to the same Penalties as Persons selling Spirituous Liquors or other Liquors, by Retail, without Licence, are subject to.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Magistrate, High or Chief Constable, Peace Officer or Officer of Excise or Stamps, to enter in the Day Time into any

21 House,

A.D. 1805.

45° GEO. III. C. 50.

107

House, Shop, Store Room or other Building, or Booth or Shed, demand Sight

Hut, Tent or Stall, whereon or before which shall be affixed any Licence.

Board importing that Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or

Cyder are sold therein, and to demand a View of the Licence for

such Sale; and if no sufficient Licence shall be produced on such

Demand, the Occupier of such Shop, Store Room, House or

other Building, Booth, Shed, Hut, Tent or Stall, shall be deemed

an unlicensed Retailer, and forfeit accordingly as such, unless he

or she shall, within Twenty four Hours after a Magistrate shall

make such Demand, or within Twenty four Hours after Complaint

shall be made to any Magistrate of the Refusal to produce such

sufficient Licence, produce the same to the Magistrate who shall

have made such Demand, or shall summon him or her on such

Complaint.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Magistrates or lawful for any Justice of the Peace, Chief or High Constable, or Officer of the Revenue of Customs or Excise or Stamps, to search Spirit^xposed for and make Seizure of any Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale to sale at any or Cyder, which he shall find in any House or other Building, or Place of Public any Booth, Shed, Hut, Tent or Stall, whereon or before which Meeting, except such Board shall be affixed; and if the Occupier of the same shall fail to produce a Licence in force, authorizing him or her to sell ous s* Spirituous Liquors, all Spirituous or other Liquors therein, and also all Spirituous or other Liquors which shall be in any House belonging to or occupied by any Person who shall have been a Second Time convicted of selling Spirituous or other Liquors without Licence, and also all Spirituous or other Liquors exposed to Sale at any Fair, Patron Market, Hurling Match, Horse Race or any Place of public Meeting, except in Houses licensed for that Purpose, and except where a Special Licence shall be given in respect to any Sale thereof at any Fair or Encampment as is herein provided, together with all Vessels containing the same, and all Vessels used for measuring and drinking the same, shall be forfeited and maj^ be seized; and every Person selling or exposing to Sale any Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Cyder, at any such Fair, Patron Market, Horse Race, Hurling Match or other Place of public Meeting, except in Houses or Places licensed for that Purpose, shall, upon View of any Magistrate, or upon being convicted thereof before any Magistrate, be subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures as a Person selling Spirituous Liquors without Licence.

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Magistrates for any Magistrate, Justice of the Peace or other Peace Officer, may destroy or any Officer of the Revenue of Customs or Excise or Stamps, in ^sold ^awlced Ireland, to seize and take away, or to destroy or cause to be Persons not seized, taken away and destroyed, all such Spirituous Liquors licensed, which shall be hawked about or exposed to Sale in any Street,

Pathway, Road, Field, or in any Booth, Tent, Stall, Shed'or Bulk, or by any Person not licensed to sell the same in such Place, and the Vessels containing the same, and all Vessels and Utensils used for measuring or drinking the same found therewith; and it shall be lawful for any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace for the City or Place in Ireland wherein such Offence shall be committed, in his or their own View, or on Confession of the Party, or by Proof

of

108

C. 50.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Magistrates may summon Persons charged with Offences against this Act.

Form of Conviction.

Magistrates shall thereupon issue Warrants.

Magistrates may summon Witnesses, who not appearing, or refusing to give Evidence.

of such Offence by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to convict any Person so offending, and to order him, her or them to be put in the Stocks for the Space of One Hour; and the Justice or Justices by whom such Person shall have been so convicted shall, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, commit the Offender or Offenders to Gaol, there to remain for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month from the Day of such Commitment.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace in Ireland to summon any Person charged with having sold Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Cyder, by Retail, without Licence, or charged with any other Offence against this Act, to appear before him, and if the Charge be for selling of any such Liquors without Licence, to require, by the Summons to be issued, the Person summoned to bring with him or her, and to produce a Licence for selling Spirituous Liquors; and in case such Person shall not appear, upon Proof made of the Service of such Summons, or if such Person shall appear, and shall not produce a Licence authorizing him or her to sell by Retail Spirituous Liquors, then such Justice or Magistrate shall examine such Witness or Witnesses upon Oath as shall appear before him, which Oath such Justice or Magistrate is hereby empowered to administer; and if Proof shall be made before such Justice or Magistrate, or if it shall appear by the Confession of the Party, that such Person did sell any of such Liquors by Retail within Six Months previous to the issuing of such Summons, then such Justice or Magistrate shall convict the Person charged with having sold such Liquors without Licence, of such Offence; and every Conviction shall be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect, according to the Nature of the Case; that is to say,

County ofl ‘ /I B.is convicted on his or her own Confession j 4 [or, on the Oath of ] of

having sold Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Cyder, as the Case may beyin the Parish [Townland or Town, as the Case may 4 be] of in this County, on the

4 Day of without being duly licensed thereto.

4 Given under my Hand and Seal, this Day of

And such Magistrate or Justice shall thereupon issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to levy such Fine or Penalty as the Person so convicted shall be subject to in respect of the Offence of which he or she was so convicted, by Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Person, and to commit the Body of such Offender to Gaol in such Cases as by this Act the Offender may be so committed; and the Informer or Prosecutor shall be deemed a competent Witness to prove the Offence.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, or other Magistrate, to summon any Person to appear before him to give Evidence of the selling of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Cyder, by any Person not having a Licence to retail Spirituous Liquors; and if any Person who shall be summoned as a Witness for the Purpose aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to appear to such Summons, or appearing, shall refuse to give his or her Testimony, every such

Person

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 50.

109

Person shall, for every such Neglect or Refusal, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds British Currency, for the Use of the Poor of the Penalty 101. Parish in which such Person shall dwell; and in case of Nonpayment thereof, such Justice or Magistrate shall issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal to levy such Sum, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person; and for Want of Effects sufficient to answer such Sum, shall issue a like Warrant to commit to the House of Correction or County Gaol the Person so offending, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of One Calendar Month.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall Appeal to think himself or herself aggrieved by the Determination of any Sessions, such Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, it shall and may be lawful for such Person to appeal to the next Sessions of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, for the County, City or Town in Ireland where such Person was convicted, and not afterwards; and the Determination of the Justices at such Sessions shall be final and conclusive, and no Certiorari shall be allowed for the Removal No Certiorari, thereof: Provided always, that no such Judgment or Conviction shall be reversed for any Informality, Imperfection or Defect in Form.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Person shall Appeal of be convicted of any Offence against this Act as an unlicensed unlicensed Retailer of Spirituous Liquors, no Appeal to be brought by any S]Exe

such Person shall stay or prevent the Execution of any Warrant cution/unless or Process for the Seizure of any Goods or Chattels of, or of on Bond to pay Committal of such Person, unless such Person shall, with Two the Fine, &c. sufficient Sureties, have entered into a Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in a penal Sum equal to Double the Amount of the Fine so incurred, conditioned to pay the Fine imposed on such Person in case the Judgment or Conviction for the same shall be affirmed, with all Costs attending such Appeal, which Bond shall be entered into before the Clerk of the Peace, before such Appeal shall be lodged or received.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Justice of the justices to cer-Peace in Ireland shall certify to the Clerk of the Peace, by send- tify to Clerks of ing the Record of the Conviction, that Proof has been made before the Peac when him, that any Condition in any of the Bonds hereinbefore required Condition of to be entered into by any Person licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors, ^ated^&c Wine, Ale, Beer and Cyder, has been violated, specifying such a e’c* Condition and the Violation thereof, such Clerk of the Peace shall thereupon transmit such Certificate, together with a Copy of the Conviction, and the Bond of the Person offending, to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Stamp Duties in and the

said Commissioners shall forthwith put or cause such Bond to be put in Suit.

XLVI. And, for preventing drinking at unseasonable Hours, and the harbouring of suspected Persons in Houses where Spirituous Liquors shall be sold; ’ Be it further enacted, That it shall be law- Magistrates or ful for any Magistrate, Chief or High Constable, to enter any Constables may such House, and to remove all Persons drinking therein between Persons

the Hours of Twelve at Night and Sunrise in the Morning, on any certain HourF Day of the Week, or drinking therein at any Hour whatever on CC °ur’ Sunday; and if any Person selling Spirituous or other Liquors by

Retail,

110

C. 50.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Obstructing

Magistrates,

Penalty 51.

Magistrates shall certify Persons twice convicted to Stamp Office.

Money for Liquors sold to or by unlicensed Persons, not to be recoverable.

Recovery and Application of Penalties exceeding 20l.

Recovery and Application of other Penalties.

Retail, shall not* on Demand of Entrance by knocking or otherwise, so as to be heard within, admit such Magistrate, Chief or High Constable, into such House, or after Admittance shall obstruct any of them in removing Persons drinking therein, such Person, upon Proof thereof to the Satisfaction of any Magistrate, upon Oath, or upon View thereof by such Magistrate, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds British Currency, to be paid to the Informer or Prosecutor; and in Default of Payment thereof, the Person so offending shall be committed to Gaol until such Fine shall be paid.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace before whom any Person licensed for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder, shall have been a Second Time convicted of entertaining Persons in his or her House, not being Inmates of such Blouse, at unreasonable Hours, shall certify under his Hand and Seal to the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, that such Person has so been a Second Time convicted, and upon Receipt of such Certificate, the said Commissioners shall cause the Bond entered into by such Person so licensed to be put in Suit; and such Certificate shall, if produced on any Trial relative to such Bond, be conclusive Evidence of the Breach of the Condition of such Bond.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall have any Remedy for, or recover any Sum of Money on Account of any Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Cyder, sold knowingly to an unlicensed Retailer of Spirituous or other Liquors in Ireland, nor shall any such unlicensed Retailer have any Remedy for or recover from any Person any Sum of Money on Account of any Spirituous or other Liquors sold by such unlicensed Retailer; and all Promissory Notes, Bonds or other Writings given as a Security for the Payment of Debts contracted for any such Spirituous or other Liquors so sold to an unlicensed Retailer of Spirituous Liquors, or so sold by an unlicensed Retailer, are hereby declared to be null and void.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That all Forfeitures under this Act, exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, touching which no special Provision is hereby enacted, shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any Court of Record in, by

any Person who will sue for the same, in which no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and that all Monies recovered thereby shall be applied as to One Half thereof, after deducting all the Expences of prosecuting and recovering the same, to the Use of the Person suing for the same, and as to the other Half thereof, to the Use of the Infirmary of the County, or County of a Town or City, wherein, such Forfeiture shall have been incurred; and if in the District of the Metropolis, to the Use of the Governor of the Hospital and Free School of King Charles the Second in Dublin, commonly called The Blue Boys' Hospital.

L. And be it further enacted, That all Fines imposed by virtue of this Act, for any Neglect of Duty in any Officer, shall be estreated into His Majesty's Exchequer by the Justices or Justice imposing the same; and that all Convictions for any Offence against this Act, respecting which no special Provision is enacted, shall

be

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 50.

Ill

be made in a summary Way before any One Justice of the Peace, upon Confession of the Party, or Proof upon the Oath of any One credible Witness; and that the Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture under such Conviction, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Offender, or if not paid, the Offender shall be committed to Gaol by such Justice, for any Time not exceeding the Rate of One Month for every Five Pounds of the Sum which such Penalty,

Fine or Forfeiture may amount to; and that all Sums which shall be levied or paid on Account of any Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures under this Act, not particularly applied by this Act (except such as shall be estreated into His Majesty's Exchequer) shall be applied, after deducting all Expences for levying the same, as to One Half thereof to the Informer, and as to the other Half, to the Poor of the Parish wherein the Conviction shall be made.

LI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Fine, Penalty Fine for selling or Forfeiture shall be adjudged against any Person in pursuance ^thout a of this Act, for selling Spirituous Liquors without Licence, the not

same shall not be abated or mitigated.

LII. And be it further enacted, That all Justices of the Peace Justices of for any County in Ireland, adjoining to or within which any County Counties may of a City is situated, shall be empowered, and they are hereby GOn^lct . authorized and enabled to act in such County of a City (save and [except10 except the City and County of the City of Dublin) as fully to all Dublin). Intents and Purposes as if they were Magistrates within such County of a City, so far only as shall relate to convicting and levying the Penalties inflicted by this Act on all Persons who shall sell Spirituous or other Liquors without Licence in *, contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That no Fee or Reward shall Magistrates or be taken by any Magistrate or his Clerk, or other Person acting otll?r Persons under him, for any thing done or ordered by them in the Execu- takinS *‘’ees* tion of this present Act, other that what is herein particularly authorized, under pain of forfeiting the Sum of Five Pounds Penalty 51. British Currency, to be recovered by Civil Bill by any Person suing for the same.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That any Justice of the Peace Magistrate or Magistrate in Ireland, who shall neglect or refuse in any In- neSlecting to stance to carry this Act into Execution, upon a proper Application made to him, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds British Act^Penalty Currency for every such Neglect or Refusal, to be recovered by 50I.

Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any Court of Record in Ireland by the Person who shall have made such Application, in which no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; the Money recovered by such Action to be applied as to One Half thereof to the Use of the Person suing for the same, and the other Plalf to be paid to: the Minister, Rector or Churchwarden of the Parish wherein such Justice of Peace or Magistrate shall reside, for the Use of the Poor therein.

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall buy or Buying a less* obtain for any Consideration given or to be given any Spirituous Quantity Liquors, in less Quantity than Four Gallons in any House in of Spirit than Ireland, not having affixed thereon such Board so painted, and in or°of Beer°U« such Manner as is prescribed by this Act, or if any Person shall than One Quar-

buy

112

C. 50.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

ter of a Barrel in Houses, Hot having a painted Board, 21. &c.

[Penalty.]

Imprisonment.

Distillers, &c. setting Spirits to unlicensed Retailers, Penalty 101.

Distillers not to recover from unlicensed Retailers, &c.

No Money recovered for Spirits unless Debt incurred amount to 20s. contracted at one Time, &c.

No Pawns received for Liquor;

Penalty 40s. &c.

Agreeing to pay Workmen partly in Money

buy or obtain for any Consideration given or to be given, any Beer or Ale in less Quantity than One Quarter of a Barrel, in any House not having affixed thereon such Board so painted, and in such Manner, unless such House be the House of a Seller of bottled Beer, Ale or Porter, who shall send the same abroad, and shall not sell any to be consumed in his or her House; every such Person shall tor every such Offence, upon being convicted thereof before any Magistrate, upon the Oath of One credible Witness, or by his own Confession, or on the View of such Magistrate, forfeit the Sum of Two Pounds British Currency; and in case of Nonpayment thereof, shall be committed to Gaol, there to remain for One Calendar Month, or until the said Penalty shall be paid.

[See 47 G.3. Sess 2. c. 12. § 4.]

LVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller or other Dealer in Spirits in Ireland, shall knowingly sell any Spirits to an

unlicensed Retailer, or to any Person for the Use of an unlicensed Retailer, such Distiller or Dealer in Spirits shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds British Currency.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller or wholesale Dealer in Spirits, or any other Person, shall be entitled to maintain any Cause, Action or Suit for, or to recover, either in Law or Equity, any Sum of Money or Demand for or on Account of any Spirits sold to any Person selling Spirits by Retail without Licence in Ireland; and in case such Distiller or wholesale Dealer in Spirits, or other Person, shall sell any Spirits to such unlicensed Retailer, knowing him to be such, such unlicensed Retailer may recover back all such Money as he shall have paid for any such Spirits 'so sold by Civil Bill or otherwise from such Distiller or wholesale Dealer.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be entitled unto or shall maintain any Cause, Action or Suit for, or recover, either in Law or Equity, any Sum of Money fcr Demand, for or on Account of any Spirituous Liquors sold in Ireland, unless such Debt shall have been really and bond Jide contracted at One Time to the Amount of Twenty Shillings British Currency at the least, nor where any Part of the Liquors sold or delivered shall have been returned, or agreed to be returned directly or indirectly, nor shall any particular Article or Item in any Account or Demand for Spirituous Liquors so sold be allowed or maintained, where the full Value of the Liquors delivered at One Time and mentioned in such Article or Item shall not be Twenty Shillings British Currency at the least, and that without Fraud or Covin: And in case any Person shall take or receive any Pawn or Pledge from any Person by way of Security for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money owing by such Person for Spirituous Liquors, every such Person so offending and being convicted thereof, before any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings British Currency for every Pawn or Pledge so taken in or received by him or them; and the Person or Persons to whom any such Pawn or Pledge shall belong, shall have the same Remedy for recovering such Pawn or Pledge or the Value thereof as if it had not been given as a Pledge.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person in Ireland shall agree to pay or shall pay any Journeyman, Workman, Servant,

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 50.

113

vant, Labourer or other Person employed by or working under him or her, or under his or her Direction, so much Money for Wages, and such a Quantity of Spirituous Liquors in lieu of the Wages or any Part thereof, which shall be ordinarily and usually paid for the Work which such Journeyman, Servant, Labourer or other Person shall be employed in, or shall agree to pay, or shall pay such Wages partly in Money and partly in or by Spirituous Liquors, or shall set off, stop or deduct all or any Part of the Wages or Hire due to any Journeyman, Workman, Servant or Labourer for any Spirituous Liquors delivered or sold to or drank by him, every sutfh Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, upon being convicted thereof before any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings British Currency; and every Person giving or procuring Credit to be given for Spirituous Liquors sold or drank as aforesaid, shall forfeit Five Pounds British Currency.

LX. And be it further enacted, That no Person in Ireland employing Journeymen, Workmen, Servants or Labourers, shall by himself or by any other Person, pay any Journeyman, Workman, Servant or Labourer employed by him, the Whole or any Part of the Wages due to such Journeyman, Workman, Servant or Labourer, in or at any House in which any Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Ale, Beer or Cyder shall be sold by Retail; and every Person so offending shall for every such Offence, upon conviction thereof before any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds British Currency; and all Payments of all Wages made in Manner aforesaid shall be null and void.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace in Ireland, or the Superintendant Magistrate in the City of Dublin, to annul any Licence granted to any Person or Persons for retailing Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder in Ireland, and if any Person whose Licence shall be so annulled, on whom a Notice of the same being annulled, signed by such Magistrates or Magistrate, shall have been served, shall retail any such Spirituous or other Liquors, every such Person shall be subject to the same Penalties as Persons selling Spirituous or other Liquors without having obtained a Licence for that Purpose are liable to under this Act.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That in every Conviction made of any Person having sold Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Cyder, without being licensed thereto under the Authority of this Act, the Parish, or, in case it be Extraparochial, the Town-land or Town in which the House or Place where the same shall have been sold shall be situated, shall be stated in such Conviction; and such Parish, Townland or Town, in case aforesaid, shall be subject to a Fine of Twenty Pounds British Currency, over and above all Fines incurred by the Persons convicted of selling without Licence as aforesaid, save only in Eases where such Conviction shall have been made of such illegal Sale upon the Information of any Inhabitant or Inhabitants of such Parish or Town-land.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever and so often as any Conviction of any Person for selling Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Cyder, without any Licence according to this 45 Geo. III. 1 Act,

and partly in Spirits, 40s,

Giving Credit for such Spirits, 51.

Penalty on Persons paying Workmen at public Houses, 101.

Magistrate* may annul Licences.

Penalty on T ownland when Parties are convicted of unlicensed Sales, 20l.

Mode of Recovery of Fines on Parishes,

114.

C. 50.

A.D. 1805.

Townlands, or Towns, at the Assizes.

Licences for Dublin, &c. shall be issued by Clerks of the Peace.

Persons applying for Licences in Dublin to

45° GEO. III.

Act, shall be had or made by or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, such Justice or justices shall forthwith cause Notice of such Conviction to be posted up in some conspicuous Place in the Parish or Townland.or Town, in case aforesaid, in which the Offence shall be committed, and shall also cause a like Notice of such Conviction to be served on Two Landholders therein; and such Justice or Justices shall also return such Conviction to the Clerk of the Crown at or before the next ensuing Assizes or presenting Term, and the said Clerk of the Crown shall lay every such Conviction before the Court at the said ensuing Assizes or presenting Term, and if it shall appear to the Court that such Notice of such Conviction was posted up and served in Manner aforesaid Twenty Days at the least previous to the Commission Day of such Assizes, or First Day of such presenting Term, and if it shall not appear to the Court that the Conviction was made on the Information of any Inhabitant or Inhabitants of such Parish, Townland or Town, it shall be lawful for the Court, in case any Person shall appear to controvert the Fact of the Parish, Townland or Town, mentioned in such Conviction, being the Parish, Townland or Town wherein the Offence was committed, to try the Fact in the same Manner as in the Trial of a Traverse to the Presentment of a Grand Jury; and if a Verdict shall be given agreeable to the Conviction, or if no Person shall appear to controvert as aforesaid, the Court shall direct the Treasurer of the County to order the Fine of Twenty Pounds thereby incurred, to be levied off the Parish, Townland or Town, in case aforesaid mentioned in such Conviction, by the Collector of the Grand Jury Cess in like Manner, with like Powers, Authorities and Remedies, in case of Nonpayment thereof, or of any Part thereof, as are provided in respect to any Money to be levied under the Presentment of a Grand Jury; and all Money which shall be so levied shall be paid by the said Treasurer to the Governors of the County Infirmary therein, to be by them applied in Aid of their other Funds towards supporting the same, or towards building or maintaining One or more Wards for Lunatics or Insane Objects.

LXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors in the City or County of the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the said City, and the Space of Five hundred Yards from the Centre of the said Road, at the Outside thereof, shall be issued by the Clerk of the Peace for the City and County of the City of, upon

the Order of the Lord Mayor, and in every other Place within the District of Five Miles, beyond the said Circular Road and the Wall of the Phoenix Park, not being in the County of the City of Dublin, shall be issued by the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Dublin, upon the Order of any Two Magistrates of the said County; and upon such Oath and Bond being given and entered into, and such other Requisites complied with by the Persons to whom such Licences shall be granted as are hereinbefore mentioned and expressed, except so far as such Requisites are hereinafter otherwise provided for. [T relate to Retail Licences,

46 G. 3. c. 70. § 14.]

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Licence shall be granted to any Person to sell Spirituous Liquors by

Retail

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 50.

115

Parishioners in Vestry may appoint Overseers in each Parish in Dublin, who shall have the same Power as Constables.

Retail in the City of 1Dublin, or within the CircuIaN Road surround- obtain Certi-ing the said City, or within the said District of the Metropolis of ficates.

Dublin, unless the Person applying for such Licence shall obtain a Certificate from the Superintendant Magistrate for the time being, that such Person applying for a Licence is a proper Person to be licensed, nor unless the Persons who shall be proposed to be Sureties for the Person applying for a Licence be named in such Certificate, and therein approved of by such Superintendant Magistrate.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Parishioners of the several Parishes of the City of Dublin or Liberties thereof, at Vestry assembled, Twice in every Year, or oftener if necessary, to appoint such Number of Persons as to them shall seem meet, to be Overseers of Houses licensed for Sale of Spirituous or other Liquors within every such Parish respectively; and the Overseers so appointed shall have like Powers and Authorities for entering such Houses as Constables and other Peace Officers have by virtue of this Act, and the Persons not admitting such Overseers shall be subject to like Penalties as Persons not admitting Magistrates or Pligh Constables are subject to by this Act; and in case they shall find any Persons, not being Inmates of such Houses, entertained therein between the Hours of Twelve at Night and Seven in the Morning on any Day of the Week, except Sunday, or at any Time whatever on a, any

Three or more of such Overseers shall certify under their Hands Overseers, to and Seals to a Justice of the Peace for the County or City of certify.

Dublin that Persons were entertained in such House at such unseasonable Hours, or on a Sunday, as the Case may be, and thereupon such Justice shall summon the Parties accused, and unless the Parties summoned shall make it appear to the Satisfaction of such Justice of the Peace that the Persons found therein were Inmates of the House where they were so found, such Certificate shall be conclusive Evidence to subject the Persons licensed for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors to a Penalty of Forty Shillings First Offence. British Currency for the First Offence, and for the Second Offence Second Offence, to the Sum of Five Pounds British Currency; and in Default of Payment of such Penalty, such Justice of the Peace ma}r issue his Warrant for the Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Person on whom such Penalty shall be imposed; provided that no Person dealing in Spirituous Liquors shall vote at any such Vestry, nor be appointed an Overseer.

LXVII. And, for the Encouragement of the Breweries, Be it further enacted, That if any Person licensed as aforesaid in the

Cities of Dublin, Cork, Waterford and Li, shall make it appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Excise by the Affidavit of such Person, and by the Certificate of the Brewer by whom such Beer shall have been sold to such Retailer, or by his Books, and the Permits received with Spirituous Liquors, or by such other Evidence as they shall require, that such Person has sold by Retail in the House or Houses wherein such Person shall have been licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder, within the Year ending the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and five, or within any subsequent Year, Strong Beer or Ale, in the Proportion of One Barrel of Ale

I 2 or

Distress.

Spirit Dealers not to vote in Vestry.

Bounty to Retailers of Spirits who shall sell a certain Proportion of Beer annually.

116

C. 50.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805

or Strong Beer for each Three Gallons of Spirituous Liquors sold therein or thereat during the said Year, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise, and they are hereby required to give to every such Person a Certificate, stating the Quantities of Strong Beer, Ale and Spirituous Liquors sold during such Year by such Retailer, and that such Retailer has proved himself or herself, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, entitled to a Bounty of (naming the Sum) under the Provisions of this

Act; and every Retailer receiving such Certificate shall be entitled to, and shall receive from the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties out of anj' Revenue by them collected, a Bounty after the Rate following; (that is to say) , if such Retailer shall have sold by retail Seventy five Barrels of Strong Beer or Ale within the Year, a Bounty equal in Amount to One sixth Part of the Stamp Duties paid by such Retailer on his or her Licence, and if One hundred Barrels, a Bounty equal to One fifth Part of such Duties, and if Two hundred Barrels or more, a Bounty equal to One third Part of such Duties. [Commissioners

of Stamps, 45 G.3. c. 51. §20.]

" Such Bounties for Sale of Beer in the Year after 29th " her 1804, shall be paid by Collectors on Order of Commissioners of Excise. § 68. [See Bounties, 49 G. 3.

c. 57. §14.]

Retailers to be

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall furnished with be licensed to sell Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail under this Abstracts, and ^ct, shall be furnished by the Collector in whose District such josteduT 1 em Person shall reside, or by the Clerk of the Peace, with a printed Abstract of the Regulations in this Act contained, respecting the Conduct or Duty of Retailers, and shall cause such Abstract to be hung up or posted in the most public Part of the House of such Person, and shall preserve and keep the same so hung up or posted during the Time such Person shall continue to sell Spirituous Liquors by Retail, or in Default thereof shall for every Day in which such Abstract shall at any Time be omitted to be so hung up or posted, upon Proof thereof before any Magistrate or Justice Penalty 5s. per of the Peace, forfeit the Sum of Five Shillings British Currency; Day. and such Fine, when levied, shall be paid One Moiety to the Pro-

secutor, and the other Moiety to the Churchwardens of the Parish, for the Use of the Poor thereof. [Penalty on Clerk of

the Peace not furnishing Abs, 46 G. 3. c. 70. § 16.]

" Compensation for loss of Fees, to Persons being Collectors of " Excise, on 29th September 1804, may be made by Commissioners of Excise. § 70. [Exp.]

One Justice may administer Oaths.

Perjury.

Retailers to keep a daily Account of

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, within his Jurisdiction, to administer any Oath or Oaths prescribed or required by this Act; and that if any Person who shall take any such Oath shall wilfully and knowingly swear falsely therein, every such Person being duly convicted thereof shall suffer the Pains and Penalties to which Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are or shall be subject.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Retailer shall daily enter in a Book to be kept by such Retailer the Quantity and Quality of Spirituous Liquors sold by such Retailer during

that

A.D. 1805.

4-5° GEO. III.

<J. 50.

ii /

that Day; and that it shall and may be lawful for any Surveyor of Excise, or any Officer or Officers of Excise, of the District in which any such Retailer shall reside, from time to time, and at all seasonable Hours in the Day Time, to enter into all or any of the Houses, Warehouses, Storehouses, Shops, Cellars, Vaults and Rooms of any such Retailer, and into any Place wdiere any Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Cyder belonging to any such Person shall be, and to take an Account of the Quantity of all Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder contained in any such House, Warehouse, Shop or other Place respectively, and to demand the Book hereinbefore mentioned, in order to examine or take Copies or Extracts thereof; and if any such Officer or Officers of Excise shall not, on Demand made by him or them, at any such House, Warehouse, Shop or other Place, be admitted therein, or shall not be suffered to take such Accounts as aforesaid, or if any Person so licensed shall neglect or refuse to produce such Book to such Officer, or to shew or cause to be shewn to such Officer all the Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Cyder in every such House, Shop, Warehouse or other Place, every Retailer offending therein, or neglecting to keep such Book, and to make true and faithful Entries therein of all Spirituous Liquors sold by such Retailer by Retail, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds British Currency; and if such Retailer shall offend therein a Second Time during the Continuance of his or her Licence, such Licence shall, from and after the Second Conviction, be null and void.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing by him or them done or executed by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Three Months next after the alleged Cause of Action shall accrue, and shall be laid in the proper County where such alleged Cause of Action shall have arisen or begun; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of and by the Authority of this Act; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgment shall be given against him, her or them upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

[See as to Licences granted under the Regidations of this, 52 G. 3. c. 126. § 43. This Act, except as to,

55 G. 3. c. 19. § 3.; hut sec Note § 19. ante, and Regidations as to Licences and to Grocers, 58 G. 3. c. 57.

Spirits sold, and Stock shall be taken by Officers.

Limitation of Actions.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

118

C. 51, 52, 53.

45° GEO. III.

A.O.1805.

Maltsters or Brewers making Malt to take out Licences.

Penalty 1001. 45 G.S. c. 20.

One Licence extended to Partners, but only to Place mentioned.

Maltster to make Return of Malthouse, Cistern, Kiln.

CAP. LI.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Stamp Duties, for amending the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties, and for indemnifying Persons who have acted as Notaries Public, without being duly licensed in.

[27th June 1805.]

[Repealed, except as to Indemnity to Persons to have acted as Notaries. Public, 46 G. 3. 64. J 1.]

CAP. LII.

An Act for the better Regulation of Licences to Persons in Ireland dealing in Exciseable Commodities, and engaged in the several Occupations therein mentioned.

[27th 1805.]

[Repealed, 47 G. 3. 1. c. 35. $ 1.]

CAP. LIII.

An Act for the Collection of the Malt Duties in, and

regulating the Trade of a Maltster, [27th June 1805 ]

* X?OR the better collecting and securing His Majesty's Re-‘ J? venue payable upon Malt made in , ’ Be it enacted

by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person keeping any Malthouse, and making Malt for Sale, and every Brewer or Distiller making Malt in Ireland, shall yearly before such Person shall commence making Malt, take out a Licence duly stamped according to Law, for so doing from the Commissioners of Inland Excise in Ireland, or some Person or Persons appointed by such Commissioners for that Purpose, for each and every Cistern or Kiln in each and every Malthouse which such Person shall have or keep, which Licence shall be in force until the Twenty ninth Day of September next after the Date thereof; and that every Person making Malt for Sale, and every Brewer and Distiller making Malt without having taken out such Licence, or without having a Licence for that Purpose of force, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered and applied as is provided by an Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, ' intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties, in Ireland.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That Persons in Partnership, carrying on the Business of making Malt, shall not be obliged to take out more than One such Licence for the same Malthouse, Cistern or Kiln; and that no Licence shall authorize or empower any Person or Persons to whom the same shall be granted to make Malt in any other Malthouse or Place than the Malthouse or Place which shall be described in such Licence.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Person requiring any such Licence shall, before such Licence shall be granted, make out, sign and deliver a Return or Account in Writing to the

Collector

A.D. 1805.

45 GEO. III. C. 53.

119

Collector of the District in which the Malthouse of such Person shall be situated, specifying and describing therein the Narpe and Place of Abode of such Person, and the Place where such Malt-house is situated; and also the several Steeps, Cisterns, Couch Frames, , Uting Vats and other Vessels and Utensils in such Malt-house, and the Kiln or Kilns therein, and the several Floors belonging to such Malthouse, with the Number of Square Feet contained in each and every Floor or Kiln in such Malthouse, and the Number of Cubic Feet contained in each Steep, Cistern, Couch Frame, Uting Vat or other Vessel or Utensil for malting Corn, and the Quantity of Barley which each such Steep, Cistern, Couch Frame, Uting Vat or other Vessel or Utensil shall be capable of containing, and also the several Malt and other Stores, and the Lofts and Rooms therein belonging to such Person; and every such Person shall cause to be painted with Oil Colour in black upon a white or light coloured Ground, or in white upon a black or dark Ground, on the Outside of the Door of every such Store or other Place wherein Malt shall be kept or stored, in legible Letters and Figures, at least Three Inches in Length, the Words " Malt Store, " and the Number thereof, beginning with Number One; and every Collector who shall receive such Return or Account shall register the same, without Fee or Reward, in a Book to be by him kept for that Purpose; and if any Malt, exceeding Two Barrels, shall be found in any Store, or in any Loft or Room therein, upon the Door of which such Letters and Figures as aforesaid shall not be and reniain so painted and legible as aforesaid, the Person or Persons in whose Store, Loft or Room the same shall be found shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if the Dimensions of any Floor in any Malthouse of which such Return or Account shall have been so made as aforesaid, shall exceed by Eighty Square Feet the Number of Square Feet which shall have been mentioned in such Return or Account as being the Dimensions of such Floor, the Maltster or Person who shall have made such Return shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, and a new and correct Return shall be forthwith given by such Maltster or other Person.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Licence shall be granted

to any Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, Brewer or Distiller, to make Malt in any Malthouse which shall contain more than One Steep or Cistern for the steeping or wetting of Corn; or the growing, working or drying Floor or Floors in which shall not contain Two thousand six hundred Square Feet in the Whole at the least; or the Kiln Floor or Floors in which shall not contain Three hundred and twenty four Square Feet in the Whole at least; nor unless the Steep or Cistern in any such Malthouse in,

or any other Place in Ireland, where the Maltster is under this Act to be charged with Sixty four Barrels of Malt in the Year for every One hundred Square Feet of growing, working or drying Floor, shall be of Dimensions sufficient to contain not less than Four Bushels and a Half of Barley at the least, for every One hundred Square Feet of growing, working or drying Floor or Floors in such Malthouse; nor unless the Steep or Cistern in such Malthouse, if in any other Place in Irelan, shall be of Dimensions sufficient to contain not less than Four Bushels of Barley at the least

I 4 for

and other Utensils, before obtaining Licence.

Collector to register such Returns.

Floor exceeding

Dimensions

returned.

Penalty 101.

Proportionate Dimensions of Malthouse, Cistern, Growing Floor, Kiln Floor, and Couch Frame.

120

C. 53.

4*5* GEO. III.

Kiln Floors for Malt to be used in making Porter.

Licence for smaller Malt-houses.

Persons licensed, to enter into Bond.

A.D. 1805.

for every One hundred such Square Feet; nor shall any Licence be granted to make Malt in any Malthouse, unless there shall be a Square Couch Frame for every Steep or Cistern therein, of the Depth of Two Feet at the least, and not more than Three Feet, and capable of receiving the same Quantity of Grain as the Steep or Cistern to which it belongs, and no more; nor unless such Couch Frame shall be constructed of Materials of such Strength as shall be sufficient to preserve the Dimensions of such Couch Frame when charged with Grain; nor unless such Couch Frame, or such Part thereof as shall be constructed of Wood shall be of the Substance of One Inch at least in Thickness, and braced on the Outside at every Three Feet in Length with a Ledge of Wood Six Inches in Breadth, and One Inch thick at the least; nor unless such Couch Frame shall be erected, fixed and secured in such Manner, as that the Officers of Excise may take an Area thereof; and if any Licence shall be granted to any Person to make Malt in any Malthouse contrary to the aforesaid Regulations, such Licence is hereby declared to be null and void, and every Person making Malt in such Malthouse shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds:Provided always, That in all Cases where the Floor of the Kiln of any Malthouse shall be covered with Iron Wire or Iron Plates, for the Purpose of making or preparing Malt for brewing Porter, a Licence may be granted to make Malt therein, although it shall not contain a Number of Square Feet of Kiln Floor after the Rate aforesaid, in case it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Excise, that the Malt to be made therein is to be used in brewing Porter, and not otherwise:Provided also, that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise to grant a Licence to any Person to make Malt in any Malthouse which may have been erected previous to the passing of this Act, the growing, working or drying Floors in which shall contain less than Two thousand six hundred Square Feet, and not less than One thousand Square Feet, and the Kiln Floor or Floors of which shall be in the foregoing Proportion to the working or drying Floor therein, that is to say, in the Proportion of Three hundred and twenty four to Two thousand six hundred, and to grant a Licence for more than One Cistern in any Malthouse which shall contain upwards of Two thousand six hundred Square Feet of growing or drying Floors, in case it shall seem expedient to the said Commissioners so to do, upon special Application made, and sufficient Reason assigned to them for such Purposes respectively. [In re-

pealed, 48 G. 3. c. 79. §2.]

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Licence shall be granted to any Person or Persons for making of Malt, unless the Person or Persons requiring the same shall, with Two sufficient Sureties, have entered into a Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors in a Penalty of Twenty five Pounds for every One hundred Feet Square contained in the working and drying Floor or Floors in each and every Malthouse to be kept by such Person or Persons, conditioned that such Person or Persons shall duly pay all Duties for all such Quantities of Malt as such Person or Persons shall make in his, her, or their respective Malthouses; and also for all such Quantities of Malt as by Law such Person or Persons

is

121

A.D. 1805. 4-5° GEO. III. C.

is or are or shall be chargeable with during the Time guch Licence shall be of force.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and all Regulations therein contained, shall extend and be construed to extend to any Person under the Age of Twenty one Years, in whose Name or for whose Use or Benefit any Malthouse shall be managed or carried on, and such Person shall be liable to all Duties of Excise on Account of such Malthouse, and to all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act, as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if such Person were adult and of full Age.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall take out a Licence for any Malthouse in which the Trade of a Maltster shall not, during the Continuance of such Licence be carried on in the Name or Names, and for the Benefit and Advantage of such Person or Persons, such Licence shall be void, and the Person or Persons to whom such Licence shall be granted, and every Person interested in the Profit of such Malthouse, shall respectively forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise, in their Discretion, to refuse to grant any Licence to any Person or Persons to make Malt, and also to withdraw any such Licence in case such Person so licensed shall have been convicted of any Fraud or Offence against the Laws which shall subject such Person to a Penalty of Twenty Pounds or upwards; and it shall and may also be lawful for such Commissioners of Excise to refuse to grant a Licence to any Person to make Malt in any Malthouse which shall have been so occupied by any Person so convicted: Provided always, that every Refusal be laid before the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, and by them, or any Three of them, approved and confirmed.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall have or keep or make use of any Steep, Cistern, Uting Vat, Utensil or other Vessel, for the wetting or steeping of Corn or Grain to be made into Malt, or any Couch Frame, or any growing or working Floor, or any Kiln, Floor, Room or other Place for making or keeping of Malt, or keeping of Corn or Grain making into Malt, not set forth, or in any other Place than shall be set forth in the Account by this Act required to be made and delivered by any such Maltster or Maker of Malt; or shall alter or enlarge such Steep, Cistern, Uting Vat, Utensil or other Vessel, or any Couch'Frame, Floor, Kiln, Room or other Place, without having given Six Days’ Notice in Writing to the Collector or other superior Officer of the District, and to the Surveyor and Gauger in Charge of the Malthouse, and without an Account thereof being made and delivered in Manner aforesaid, every such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall for every such Steep, Cistern, Uting Vat, Utensil or other Vessel, Couch Frame, Floor, Kiln, Room or other Place, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Corn or Grain making into Malt, or any Corn or Grain steeping or Wetted, shall be found in any Place whatsoever not licensed or registered pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, or if any Corn or Grain shall be found steeping or steeped in any Place except in some Cistern

or

Infants made liable.

Licence taken for Malthouse not used by Party licensed, void.

Penalty 201.

Commissioners may refuse or revoke Licences.

Refusal laid before Treasury.

Having Cisterns, &c. not registered.

Notice to Officer of enlarging Cisterns, Kilns, &c.

Penalty 201.

Com malting found in unlicensed Places forfeited, and 40s. per Bushel.

122

C. 53.

A.D. 1805.

Officers empowered to enter Premises of Maltsters and take Accounts.

Maltster or other Persons obstructing Officers.

Penalty 20l.

Furnishing Officer with Ladders and Lights *

45° GEO. III.

or Uting Vat in any Malthouse licensed or registered under this Act, [or if any Corn or Grain shall be wetted or sprinkled with Water in the Couch Frame or on the Floor, all such Corn or Grain, together with any Vessels or Packages in which such Corn or Grain may be found, shall be forfeited, and the Person or Persons in whose Possession the same shall be found, shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings for every Bushel of such Corn or Grain.] [Words in Brackets repealed, 52 G. 3. c. 97. § 10.]

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Excise, at all Times, as well by Night as by Day, to enter into every House, Maltinghouse, Kiln, Store, Mill and other Place whatsoever, of or belonging to or made use of by any Maltster or Maker of Malt'for Sale, or by any Person dealing in Corn or Malt as a Factor or otherwise, or by any Common Brewer, Distiller or Vinegar Maker, making or using Malt, or by any other Person making Malt, whose Malthouse shall have been licensed or registered as herein is directed, or by any public Miller grinding Malt, and to gauge, measure, weigh or otherwise take an Account of all Malt, and of all Steeps, Cisterns, Uting Vats, Utensils or other Vessels for wetting or steeping Corn or Grain for making Malt, and of all such Corn or Grain which shall be found wetting or steeping, or shall have been wetted or steeped, as shall be in any such House, Malthouse, Kiln, Store, Mill or other Place whatsoever, and to make Returns thereof in Manner hereinafter mentioned.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of Excise, or his Assistants, shall be hindered, obstructed or prevented by any Maltster or by any other Person making or having Malt in his or her Possession, whether for Sale or for private Use, or by any Servant or Person acting in the Employment of such Maltster, or such other Person from entering into any House, Malthouse, Kiln, Store, Mill or other Place whatsoever; or if any such Officer or his Assistants, having entered, shall be hindered, obstructed or prevented by such Maltster or other Person, or by any Servant or Person, acting in the Employment of such Maltster or other Person, from measuring, computing or taking an Account of such Malt, or from gauging any Steep, Cistern, Uting Vat, Utensil or other Vessel, or from gauging and taking an Account of all Corn or Grain in anjr such Steep, Cistern, Uting Vat, Utensil or other Vessel, or which shall have been steeped or wetted, and shall be on any Floor or other Place, or from doing any Part of his Duty in the Execution of this Act or of any other Act which may be in force in Ireland respecting Maltsters and Makers of Malt, or Persons having Malt in their Possession, every such Maltster, or every such other Person making or having Malt in his Possession, shall for every such Offence respectively forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be kept constantly fixed in the Malthouse of every Maltster or Maker of Malt, Stairs or Steps to every Floor, Loft or other Place, belonging to every such Malthouse which shall be used for keeping Malt, or Corn or Grain making into Malt, sufficient to enable any Officer of Excise who shall enter such Malthouse, at all Times, to have

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 5. 123

convenient and easy Access to the* several Lofts, Stores, Floors and other Places belonging to every such Malthouse; and every such Officer shall on Demand at such Malthouse be furnished with Lights sufficient to enable him to view, gauge and take an Account of all Malt and Corn, or Grain making into Malt in such Malt-house, and in every Floor, Loft, Store or other Place therein; and for every Neglect or Default in either of the Said Cases, such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be kept in the Malthouse of every Maltster or Maker of Malt, convenient to the Couch Frame therein, a Rake or Scraper, to be provided at the Expence of such Maltster or Maker of Malt, sufficient to level the Corn or Grain therein, in order to enable the Officer to gauge the same accurately; and if any Officer of Excise shall not on Demand be furnished with such Rake or Scraper, such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Maltster or Maker of Malt, or any Factor or Dealer in Malt, shall refuse or neglect to furnish any Officer of Excise, on Demand made by such Officer, with a sufficient Number of Persons provided with Shovels or other sufficient Instruments for levelling all Malt to be gauged by such Officer, or shall neglect or refuse to cause such Persons to level the same, and to leave sufficient Head Room or Space between the Ceiling or Roof of any Store or Room, and the Surface of the Malt therein, so as to enable such Officer to take a correct Gauge thereof with Convenience, every such Maltster or Maker of Malt, or Factor or Dealer in Malt, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, and a further Sum of Ten Pounds for every Hour during which such Malt shall continue so unlevelled.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That none of the Monies arising b}' the Sale of any Malt, or of Corn or Grain making into Malt, and of the Sacks in which the same shall or may be contained, which, by any of the Provisions of this Act, shall be forfeited, shall be given to any other Person or Persons than to the Officers respectively who shall seize the same, deducting the Duty chargeable thereon; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of Excise

in Ireland shall, directly or indirectly, ask, take or receive any Bribe, Gratuity, Recompence or Reward, for the Neglect or Nonperformance of his Duty under this Act, every such Officer so offending shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and such Officer shall and may be indicted for such Offence either at the Assizes or Quarter Sessions* held in the County in which such Offence shall be committed, and in case any Indictment shall be found at such Assizes or Quarter Sessions against such Officer, he shall plead thereto, without having Time to traverse the same; and it shall be lawful for the Court before whom such Officer shall be tried and convicted, to inflict such Punishment on such Officer as may by the Laws and Statutes in force in, be inflicted

on Persons guilty of Misdemeanors; and such Officer, so convicted, shall thenceforth be incapable of holding any Office or Employment whatsoever, Civil or Military, under His Majesty,

His

Penalty 101.

Rake or Scraper to level Corn to be provided.

Penalty 101.

Shovels and Persons to level Malt, to be furnished.

Penalty lOl.&c.

Officers entitled to Produce of Seizures, deducting Duty.

Officers taking Bribes declared guilty of Misdemeanors, and incapacitated.

124

45° GEO. III.

Maltsters, to give Six Days’ Notices to Officers, of commencing or reconunencin Work,

Penalty 2001.

Maltsters shall begin to work on the 26th of the Month (except Sept. 30.) and shall not discontinue without Notice.

After Notice of Discontinuance by Maltster the Officer shall attend to see that the working is discontinued.

C. 53.

A.D. 1805.

His Heirs or Successors, or under any Authority derived from His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, and every Brewer or Distiller making Malt in Ireland, shall before commencing to work in any Malthouse, by wetting or steeping any Corn or Gain, or otherwise, in any Year, and so in like Manner before recommencing to work after any Discontinuance in such Year as hereinafter mentioned, give Six Days’ Notice in Writing to the Collector of the District, and to the Surveyor and Gauger in Charge of the Malthouse of such Maltster or Maker of Malt, setting forth the Day and Hour when such Maltster or Maker of Malt intends to commence or recommence so to work as is hereinafter mentioned; and any such Maltster or Maker of Malt, who shall make any Corn or Grain into Malt, or shall wet or steep any Corn or Grain for making the same into Malt, or shall have any Corn or Grain in Process of making into Malt, without having given such respective Notices in Manner hereinafter mentioned, shall for each such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no other Day shall be mentioned in such Notice than the Twenty sixth Day of some Month in the Year, save and except only in the Month of September, of which Month the Thirtieth Day only shall be mentioned in any such Notice, and that no Maltster or Maker of Malt shall commence or recommence working except on such Twenty sixth or Thirtieth Days respectively; and that every Malthouse shall be presumed to be kept regularly at work from the Day mentioned in any Notice so to be given by any Maltster or Maker of Malt, for the commencing or recommencing to work, until such working shall be discontinued in Manner hereinafter mentioned; that is to say, every such Maltster or Maker of Malt may from time to time discontinue working on giving a Notice in Writing of his Intention so to discontinue working to the Collector of the District, and to the Surveyor and Gauger in Charge of the Malthouse of such Maltster or Maker of Malt Six Days at the least previous to the Day mentioned therein for so discontinuing to work:Provided always, that the Day mentioned in such Notice for so discontinuing or ceasing to work shall be the Twenty fifth Day of some Month in the Year, and shall not be less than Two Calendar Months distant from the Day mentioned in the Notice given by such Maltster or Maker of Malt for commencing to work in Manner aforesaid (except the Day mentioned in such Notice shall be the Twenty fifth Day of November, in which case Notice thereof from the Twenty ninth Day of September shall be deemed sufficient Notice) , and not less than One Calendar Month distant from the Day mentioned in any Notice, for recommencing to work in Manner aforesaid; and any Notice which shall be given contrary to the Directions hereinbefore mentioned and specified, shall be and is hereby declared to be null and void.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That at the Time specified in any such Notice of Discontinuance, it shall and may be lawful for any Excise Officer in Charge of the Malthouse of such Maltster or Maker of Malt, and he is hereby required to go to the said Malthouse, and there to search and see whether the working of such

Malthouse

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 53.

125

Malthouse is discontinued in pursuance of such Notice; and if such Officer shall be prevented from so doing by any Person at such Malthouse, or in consequence of the Malthouse being locked, and no Person appearing to give Entrance to such Officer, or otherwise, or if at any Time after the Day mentioned in such Notice of Discontinuance, and before the Day mentioned in any Notice for recommencing to work, any Corn or Grain shall be found wetted or steeped in such Malthouse, or in the Process of being made into Malt (except under the Proviso hereinafter mentioned) such Maltster shall continue to be charged with and pay Duty as if he had not given any Notice of Discontinuance; and such Notice of Discontinuance shall be deemed void and of no Effect.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every such Maltster or Amount of

Maker of Malt, shall between the Twenty ninth Day of ye^y Charge

in every Year, and the Twenty ninth Day of September following, rCj^ei ior

during the Continuance of the Licence of such Maltster or Maker Square Feet of of Malt, be charged with and pay Duty of Excise for a Quantity drying Floors, of Malt, after the Rate of a certain Number of Barrels of Malt for

every One hundred Feet Square of working or drying Floor or Floors which shall be contained in each Malthouse in which such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be licensed to make Malt; that In Dublin, &c. is to say, - every Maltster or Maker of Malt whose Malthouse shall 64 barrels, be situate in the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the said City, and within the District of the Metropolis, or within the Cities of Cork, Waterford or or within the

Liberties of any of the said Cities, or in the Town of, or

within One Mile thereof, or of the public Lamps therein, shall in respect of such Malthouse, be charged within such Period after the Rate of Sixty four Barrels of Malt for every One hundred such Square Feet; and every Maltster or Maker of Malt, whose In the Country Malthouse shall be situate in any other Place in Ireland, shall in 48 Barrels, respect of such Malthouse, be charged within such Period after the Rate of Forty eight Barrels of Malt for every One hundred such Square Feet, and so in Proportion for any greater Number of Square Feet; and also for as much more Malt as such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall actually make within the said Period.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Charge of such Charge of such yearly Duty of Sixty four Barrels and Forty eight Barrels re- Duty *>y Eight spectively, shall be made in Manner following, that is to say; Monthly Re-every such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be charged for not less bTmade the than Eight Calendar Months in every Year, and for every such Officer* Calendar Month such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be charged

with and pay Duty for Eight Barrels of Malt or Six Barrels of Malt respectively, being One eighth Part of the said respective Quantities of Sixty four Barrels of Malt and Forty eight Barrels of Malt as aforesaid, for every One hundred Square Feet of such working or drying Floor or Floors, and so in Proportion for any greater Number of Square Feet; and every Maltster or Maker of and also for a Malt, shall over and above the respective Quantities aforesaid, be further Quan-also charged with and pay Duty for as much more Malt as could thJ> according be produced, after the Rates in this Act mentioned, from any Corn actual" Corn or Grain actually wetted by such Maltster or Maker of Malt ly wette within every such Period of One Calendar Month: And the Surveyor or Gauger in charge of the Malthouse of any such Maltster

or

126

C. 53.

4-5° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Copy of Officer’s Return to be left with Maltster. Penalty 201.

Payment by

Maltster

Monthly.

Penalty 201. and Double Duty.

29th Sept, to 25th October deemed One Month.

Monthly Returns and Payments by Maltsters.

Penalty 201. and Double Duty.

No Malt to be removed before Payment of Duty.

or Maker of Malt, shall within Ten Days after the Expiration of the first Period of One Calendar Month next after the Day mentioned in any Notice for the commencing or recommencement of the working of any Malthouse in Manner directed by this Act, and so in like Manner within Ten Days after the Expiration of every other or subsequent Period of One Calendar Month while such Malthouse shall continue working, or shall be presumed to continue working, or'shall be chargeable as continuing to work, make a Return to the Collector of the District of the Quantities of Malt with which such Maltster or Maker of Malt is hereby chargeable for such Period of One Calendar Month, and of the Duties thereon, and also of such further Quantity of Malt as might be" produced after the Rates in this Act mentioned, from any Corn or Grain actually wetted by such Maltster in such Period of One Calendar Month, and of the Duty thereon; and every such Officer shall and he is hereby required to leave a true Copy of such Return in Writing under his Hand with every such Maltster or Maker of Malt, or at such Malthouse, upon pain of forfeiting Twenty Pounds for every Neglect or Omission in so doing, and such Return of such Officer shall be a Charge upon every such Maltster or Maker of Malt for such Calendar Month: And such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall pay the Duty appearing by such Return and Charge to have become due and payable, within Thirty one Days after the End of the Month for which such Return and Charge shall have been made, unless such Malt shall be sooner removed from the Malthouse or Place where the same shall have been made or kept, in which Case the said Duties shall be paid for all such Malt as shall be intended to be removed, before any Permit for removing, carrying or conveying the same shall be granted; and every Maltster or Maker of Malt shall for every Default in Payment of any such Duty, forfeit Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to double the Amount of the Duty so returned and charged: Provided always, that the Time between the Twenty ninth Day of September and the Twenty fifth Day of October shall be deemed a Calendar Month within the Meaning of this Act. I See 46 G.3. c. 57. § 3. — 53 3. c. 74. § 3.]

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall, under the proper Hand of such Maltster or Maker of Malt, or under the proper Hand of some Person for whom such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be responsible, within Ten Days after the Expiration of every such Month, at the Excise Office of the District in which the Malthouse of such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be situate, make true Entry of the Quantity of Malt for which such Maltster or Maker of Malt is under this Act chargeable with Duty for the Month next preceding, and shall, within Twenty one Days next after making such Entry, pay and clear off the Whole of the Duty payable for such Quantity of Malt, upon pain of forfeiting Twenty Pounds for every Omission* Neglect or Default of such Entry or Payment, together with a Sum equal to double the Duty which such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall by Law be chargeable with for such Month: Provided always, that if any Malt shall be removed from the Malthouse or Place where the same shall have been made or kept before the Expiration of the said respective Periods of Ten Days or Twenty

21 one

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 53.

127

one Days, all Duties due and payable for the same shall be fully paid and satisfied before any Permit for removing or conveying the same shall be granted.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That as often as any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any Officer of Excise and any such Maltster or Maker of Malt, touching the Amount of Duty charged by the Return of such Officer upon such Maltster or Maker of Malt, for or in respect of such Quantity of Malt, pursuant to this Act, such Officer shall verify by Affidavit made before the Collector of the District, or some Justice of the Peace, that such Return made by him is true and fair according to the best of his Skill and Knowledge, and thereupon such Return shall be a Charge upon such Maltster or Maker of Malt disputing the same: Provided always, that no Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be allowed to controvert or dispute any Return or Charge of Duty made by any Officer, unless such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall have made a regular Monthly Return of the Quantity of Malt made by such Maltster or Maker of Malt, and paid the Duty chargeable on the same, and shall in such his Monthly Return have made his Objection to the Return or Charge of such Officer.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Payment by any Maltster or Maker of Malt of any Sum of Money less than the Amount of Duty returned or to be returned by any Officer iof Excise to be payable by such Maltster or Maker of Malt, shall not exempt such Maltster or Maker of Malt from the Payment of the Difference between the Amount of Duty so returned by such Officer and the Sum so paid by such Maltster or Maker of Malt; and that if such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall not pay such Difference within the Time limited for Payment of the Duty on Malt, such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall for every Default forfeit Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Difference between the Amount of Duty so returned by such Officer and the Sum so paid by such Maltster or Maker of Malt.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Quantity of Malt charged upon any Maltster or Maker of Malt in any One Year, ending on the Twenty ninth Day of September, shall not amount to the full Quantity of Sixty four Barrels of Malt, or Forty eight Barrels of Malt respectively, for which such Maltster or Maker of Malt is by this Act chargeable with Duty within any Year, according to the Rates aforesaid, the Surveyor or Gauger in Charge of the Malthouse of any such Maltster or Maker of Malt, shall within Twenty Days after such Twenty ninth Day of September make a Return to the Collector of the District in which such Malthouse shall be situate, of such Quantity of Malt, and of the Duties thereon, as, with the Quantities comprized in former Returns of Malt against such Maltster or Maker of Malt in the Year ending on such Twenty ninth Day of September shall amount to the full Quantity of Sixty four Barrels of Malt or Forty eight Barrels of Malt respectively for which such Maltster or Maker of Malt is by this Act made chargeable with Dutj ', according to the Rates aforesaid; and such Return shall be a Charge on such Maltster or Maker of Malt, who shall pay the Duties appearing

by

In case of Dispute Officer shall verify his Return by Affidavit.

In what Case Maltster may Dispute Charge.

Payment by Maltster of his own Calculation shall not exempt him from Payment according to the Officer’s Return.

Penalty 201.&e.

Charge of Officers to make up yearly Amount.

128

C. 53.

A.D. 1805.

Nonpayment.

[Penalty.]

Corn in Process of Malting may be finished within Sixteen Days after the Twenty fifth Day of September yearly; or after Notice of Discontinuance.

For amending Errors in Officer’s Returns, and relieving or surcharging accordingly.

Nonpayment of Surcharge.

4 5C

Gko. in.

by such Return to have been incurred and become due within One Month after such Return, or in Default thereof shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Amount of the Duties which shall be so returned.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Maltster or

Maker of Malt shall on the Twenty fifth Day of in any

Year, or on the Day mentioned in any Notice for discontinuing to work in Manner aforesaid, have any Corn or Grain on any Floor or Floors in the Malthouse of such Maltster or Maker of Malt in Process of Malting, or being made into Malt, it shall and may be lawful for such Maltster or Maker of Malt to proceed in completing the Process of making such Corn or Grain into Malt, until such Malt is dried off: Provided always, that such Process shall be completed within Sixteen Days after the said Twenty fifth Day of September or after the Day mentioned for discontinuing working in any such Notice, as the Case may be, and that no such Corn or Grain shall be or shall have been wetted on or after the Twenty third Day of September, or on or after the Day on which any such Notice of Discontinuance shall have been given to any Officer as aforesaid, as the Case may be; and that such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be subject and liable to all other Regulations in this Act contained with respect to which Malt, and with respect to any Charge of Duty on the same, as such Maltster or Maker of Malt would have been in case the Process of making such Malt had been completed before such Twenty fifth Day of, or

before the Day mentioned for discontinuing working in such Notice, as the Case may be.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Officer of Excise shall haye at any Time committed any Error in any Return to be made b}i him under this Act, by including or charging in such Return a greater or less Quantity of Malt, or a greater or less Amount of Duty than ought to have been returned or charged by him against any Maltster or Maker of Malt, according to the Directions of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, or for the Examinator of the Accounts of such Officer, and they are hereby respectively required, to rectify the same as speedily as may be convenient, within Six Months after such Return shall have been made, and to report the same to the said Commissioners of Excise; and if it shall appear that the Quantity of Malt, and the Amount of Duty charged in any such Return against any Maltster or Maker of Malt was greater than the same ought to have been, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise, and they are hereby required to make an Allowance forthwith to such Maltster or Maker of Malt of the Amount of Duty so overcharged; and if it shall appear that the Quantity of Malt, and the Amount of Duty charged in any such Return against any Maltster or Maker of Malt, was less then the same ought to have been, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise, and they are hereby required to give Notice to such Maltster or Maker of Malt, of the Amount of the Deficiency of the Duty in consequence of such erroneous Return; and if such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall not within One Month after such Notice shew sufficient Cause to such Commissioners of Excise why such Charge should not be made, and such Deficiency paid,

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 53.

129

it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise to order a Return to be made to the Collector of the District in which such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall reside, of the Amount of such Deficiency, and the Duty specified on such Return shall be a Surcharge on such Maltster or Maker of Malt; and if such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall not upon Demand pay the full Amount of such Duty so surcharged, or such Part thereof as shall be established by the said Commissioners, such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, and a Sum equal to Double the Amount of Duty which shall be so returned and surcharged; provided that no such Return shall be a Surcharge on any Maltster or Maker of Malt, unless it shall have been made, and the Amount thereof demanded, within Nine Months after the Date of the original Return.

XXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be desirous of obtaining a Licence for any Malthouse, at any Time between the First Day of November in any Year and the Twenty ninth Day of September in the succeeding Year, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise to reduce the Quantity of Malt for which such Maltster or Maker of Malt is by this Act chargeable with Duty for and in respect of such Malthouse respectively, during the Continuance of such Licence, to such Quantity of Malt as may reasonably be made in such Malthouse between the Time that such Licence shall be so granted and the Twenty ninth Day of September then next ensuing; provided that such Deduction shall be in the Proportion to the Part of the Year which shall have elapsed from the Twenty ninth Day of September preceding the taking out of such Licence to the Time of taking out the same as Eight Calendar Months are to Twelve Calendar Months, and that the Person taking out any Licence for such Malthouse shall in all other respects be subject and liable to all other Rules and Regulations in this Act contained.

XXXI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be desirous to discontinue working for the Remainder of any Year, at the End of the Period of Two Calendar Months in the Year after he shall have commenced working, or at the End of any Period of One Calendar Month after such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall have recommenced working in Manner aforesaid respectively, it shall and may be lawful for such Maltster or Maker of Malt to discontinue working accordingly, on giving a Notice in Writing of his Intention so to discontinue working for the Remainder of the Year, to the Commissioners of Excise, and also to the Collector of the District, and to the Surveyor and Gauger in charge of the Malthouse of such Maltster or Maker of Malt, Fourteen Days at the least previous to the Day mentioned in such Notice for so discontinuing to work for the Re--mainder of the Year; and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise, or any Four of them, upon Application to them made by any such Maltster or Maker of Malt, for that Purpose, to declare the Licence granted to such Maltster or Maker of Malt to be ended and determined from and after the Day mentioned for so discontinuing working, and the same shall be ended and determined accordingly; and it shall also be lawful for

45 Geo. III. K the

Penalty 1 Ol. and Double Duty.

Commissioners may grant Abatement of Duty on Malt in respect of any Malthouse licensed after 1st November in any Year.

Notice of Discontinuance of working for the whole Remainder of the Year, may be given by Maltster, and he may discontinue accordingly.

130

C. 53.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Maltster working after Notice of Discontinuance.

Penalty 2001. &c.

Commissioners may grant Abatement of Duty in case of Accident.

Subject to Approbation of the Treasury.

Notice of wetting Corn for Malting, &c.

the said Commissioners to reduce the Quantity of Malt for which such Maltster or Maker of Malt is by this Act chargeable with Duty during the Continuance of such Licence, to such Quantity of Malt as such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall by this Act be chargeable with Duty for during so many Calendar Months only as such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall have actually continued working, together with such further Quantity of Malt as could be made from any Corn or Grain actually steeped or wetted by such Maltster or Maker of Malt during such Months, according to the Rates in this Act specified; and if at any Time after the Day mentioned in any such Notice of any such Maltster or Maker of Malt, for so discontinuing to work for the Remainder of the Year, any such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall wet any Corn or Grain, or if after the Expiration of Sixteen Days after the Day mentioned for so discontinuing to work, any Corn or Grain shall be found wetted or steeped, or in the Process of making into Malt, in the Malthouse of such Maltster or Maker of Malt, such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be chargeable and charged with, and pay Duty under this Act, as if he had not given such Notice of Discontinuance as aforesaid; and it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise to license any Person to keep the said Malthouse, or to make Malt for Sale therein, or to use any Cistern or Kiln contained in such Malthouse for the Remainder of such Year, nor during the Term of One Year next ensuing the Twenty ninth Day of September after such Offence shall be committed.

I See48 G.3. c. 79. §6.]

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be

lawful for any Three Commissioners of Excise to reduce or abate the Quantity of Malt wherewith any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be chargeable in the Year by virtue of this Act, according to the Number of Calendar Months as aforesaid, upon Proof upon Oath to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, that some Fatality, such as Fire, or any other unavoidable Accident or Misfortune, shall have prevented such Maltster or Maker of Malt from working such Number of Calendar Months, and also to make any proportionate Allowance to any Maltster or Maker of Malt out of the Duties on Malt, in consideration of any Damage or Loss by Fire, Water or other Fatality or unavoidable Accident, by which the Whole or any Part of any Malt made by such Maltster or Maker of Malt may have been damaged or destroyed: Provided always, that such Reduction, Abatement or Allowance, be in all Cases first approved of by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer in and that

no such Reduction, Abatement or Allowance, shall be made to any Person who shall have made any Insurance against Loss to be sustained by any such Accident, without regard being had to the Amount receivable under such Insurance.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Maltster or Maker of Malt, whose Malthouse shall be situated in a City or the Suburbs of a City, or in any Place within One Mile of the Residence appointed for a Gauger by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise, shall at least Twenty four Hours before every Time of

21 putting

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 53.

131

putting any Corn or Grain into any Steep, Cistern, Uting Vat or other Vessel used for the Purpose of steeping or wetting of Corn or Grain, and every Maltster or Maker of Malt, whose Malthouse shall be situated in any other Place in Ir, shall at least Forty eight Hours before so doing, give a Notice in Writing to the Gauger of the Walk in which such Malthouse shall be situated, of the particular Hour or Time of the Day when such Maltster or Maker of Malt intends to put such Corn or Grain into such Cistern, Uting Vat or other Vessel, and to begin to wet the same accordingly; and in case any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall not Malster begin to wet such Corn or Grain, and immediately proceed to cover not wetting the Whole thereof with Water at the Hour or Time mentioned in Corn according such Notice, or within Three Hours after the Expiration of such to N°tice> &c-Hour and Time, then every such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall give a new and like Notice before such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall begin to wet any Corn or Grain; and no Maltster or Hours of bc-Maker of Malt shall begin to wet any Corn or Grain, except beginning to wet. tween the Hours of Nine in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon; and if any Corn or Grain making into Malt, of the wetting of which any such Notice or renewed Notice as is hereinbefore required shall not have been given, or which shall have been begun to be wetted at any other Time than between the Hours of Nine in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon, shall be found in any Malthouse, or on any Floor or other Place, belonging to any Maltster or Maker of Malt, every such Maltster or Maker of Malt for every Time such Corn or Grain shall be found shall for- Penalty 501. feit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That any Officer in charge Regulations as of any Malthouse of any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall provide to Printe(J such Maltster or Maker of Malt with Books, containing printed ^ceTin°Books Forms of Notices to be given of wetting Corn or Grain to be made to be provided into Malt, and such Notice shall set forth the Number of Bushels for the Purpose, of Corn intended to be wetted, and the particular Hour and Time of the Day wffien the same is to be wetted, on each Leaf of which Book Two Forms of such Notice, Duplicates of each other shall be printed; and every Maltster or Maker of Malt who shall be furnished with any such Book shall, before such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall proceed to wet any Corn or Grain, insert in the Blanks of such Form of Notice, and in the Duplicate thereof, such Words as the Form of such Notice shall require to render the same perfect, and after signing the same, shall cut off the outermost Notice, and cause the same to be delivered to the Officer to whom the Notice of wetting such Corn or Grain is to be given as hereinbefore mentioned, and shall preserve the innermost Notice or Duplicate in the said Book, with the Blanks filled up, in the like Manner with that delivered to such Officer; and every such Notice and Duplicate thereof shall be numbered in Arithmetical Progression, beginning with Number One; and if any Corn or Corn found Grain making into Malt shall be found in any Malthouse, or in wetting con. any Vessel or Utensil therein, the Notice of wetting of which trary \°. shall not have been cut out of the said Book and served on the Re§ulatlous* Officer of Excise, or if the same shall be cut out of the said Book and so served, and a Duplicate thereof shall not be kept in the said Book, or if the Duplicate thereof in the said Book shall not cor-

respond

C. 53.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

132

Corn deemed unduly wetted and Penalty 101.

Book may be inspected by Officers.

Refusal.

Penalty 101.

Maltster to deliver such Books quarterly to the Collector.

Penalty lOl.

Specimen Papers to be provided and used in Malt-houses.

Proviso for Accidents, of which Notice to be given.

Penalty 101. Inserting Dates of Notice in Specimen Papers.

respond with the Notice cut out of the same, then and in any of such Cases such Corn or Grain shall be deemed to be the Corn or Grain making into Malt, wetted without Notice; and the Maltster or Maker of Malt in whose Malthouse the same shall be found shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That every such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall constantly keep such Book of Notices in the Malthouse of such Maltster or Maker of Malt, for the Examination of every Officer of Excise; and if on Demand of any Officer of Excise at such Malthouse the said Book shall not be produced to such Officer, or if such Officer shall not be permitted to inspect and examine, or shall be prevented by any Person from inspecting and examining the same, such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Maltster or Maker of Malt who shall be furnished with such Book of printed Notices as aforesaid, shall, on every Twenty fifth Day of Twenty fifth Day of March, Twenty fourth Day of, and Twenty ninth Day of September, or within Ten Days after each of the said Days, deliver to the Collector of the District in which the Malthouse of such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall, be situated the said Book, with all the Forms of the Notices which shall remain therein, and also the Duplicate of all such Notices as shall have been cut from the said Book, and served as aforesaid, or, in Default thereof, shall for every Neglect forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That Papers, to be called Specimen Papers, shall be provided and furnished to every such Maltster or Maker of Malt by any Officer of Excise visiting the Malthouse of such Maltster or Maker of Malt, in order that every Officer of Excise may enter thereon his Visit, at such Malthouse, and the Gauges depending on such Visit; and every such Maltster or Maker of Malt who shall from time to time be furnished with any such Specimen Paper shall cause the same to be fixed on a Board conveniently made for that Purpose, and to be hung or put up in such Malthouse in some public and conspicuous Place, and shall preserve and keep the same so put up in such place according to the Direction of the Surveyor of the Walk for that Purpose in Writing on the Front of such Specimen Paper, and in such Manner that any Officer of Excise visiting such Malthouse may*view such Specimen Paper, and make Entries thereon; and if any such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall not put up or keep and preserve such Specimen Paper in Manner herein directed, unavoidable Accident excepted, (of which Accident Notice in Writing shall be served upon the Surveyor and Gauger of the Walk within Two Hours after the same shall have happened, if such Malthouse shall be situated within any City or Market Town, and if such Malthouse shall not be situated within any City or Market Town, then within Twelve Hours after such Accident shall have happened,) such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Maltster or Maker of Malt shall, before serving any Notice of commencing to wet any Corn or Grain to be made into Malt, insert in Writing in

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 53.

133

the said Specimen Paper the Date of such Notice, and the particular Time mentioned therein for wetting the Corn or Grain, together with the Quantity thereof to be wetted; or in Default thereof the Corn or Grain of the Notice of wetting of which such Entry as aforesaid shall not be inserted in the said Specimen Paper, shall be deemed Corn or Grain wetted to be made into Malt without Notice, and shall be forfeited, and may be seized; and the Maltster or Maker of Malt in whose Malthouse the same shall be found shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Officer of Excise shall charge the Duty on all Malt, and on all Corn or Grain making into Malt, by the Gauge only, and that in gauging such Malt, Corn or Grain, such Officer shall compute the Bushel thereof according to the Bushel known by the Name of the Winchester Bushel, containing Eight Gallons of Two hundred and seventy two cubical Inches and a Quarter each, and that Four such Bushels shall be accounted a Barrel; and if any such Officer shall charge any Duty on any such Malt, Corn or Grain, in any Manner other than by such Gauge, or shall enter in anjr Stock Book any Charge of Duty thereon, other than by such Gauge, such Officer shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XL. And be it further enacted, That every Maltster and Maker of Malt shall for every Time any Quantity of Corn or Grain (except Peas or Beans) shall be wetted to be made into Malt, be charged with Duty for a Quantity of Malt after the Rate of Sixteen Bushels of Malt for every Twenty Bushels of Corn which the Steep, Cistern, Uting Vat or other Vessel in which such Corn or Grain shall be wetted shall be capable of containing, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity of Corn which such Steep or Cistern shall be capable of containing; and that when any such Corn or Grain shall be thrown out of such Steep, Cistern, Uting Vat or other Vessel, and the same shall be gauged by the Officer within Thirty Hours after the same shall be so thrown out, such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall in like Manner be charged with a Duty for a Quantity of Malt after the Rate of Sixteen Bushels of Malt for every Twenty Bushels of such Corn or Grain, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity of such Corn or Grain.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall not wet or steep any Corn or Grain in the Steep, Cistern, Uting Vat or other Vessel, so as that the same shall be covered with Water, and continue so covered in such Steep, Cistern, Uting Vat or other Vessel, for the full Space of Forty Hours before the Water shall be drawn from the same, such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be charged for a Quantity of Malt equal to the whole Quantity of such Corn; Provided always, that if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall intend to continue any such Corn covered with Water for any Time less than Forty Hours, and not less than Thirtjr Hours, it shall and may be lawful for such Maltster or Maker of Malt so to do, on specifying such his Intention in the Notice to be by him given to the Officer of the wetting such Corn or Grain, and the Number of Hours such Corn or Grain is to continue covered with Water; and in such Case such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be charged for all Corn or Grain so wetted,


Penalty 101

Officers to charge Duty by Gauge only according to Winchester Bushel.

Penalty 201.

Charge on Maltster in certain Proportions for the Content of the Cistern.

Corn in Steep kept covered with Water Forty Hours.

[Proviso.]

Corn not so kept charged as Malt.

134

C. 53.

45° GEO. III.

A, D. 1805.

Corn to be removed from Cistern within Seventy two Hours.

Penalty 20l.

Excise Officers may take Malt out of the Couch Frame and lay it on the Floor.

Undue Increase.

[Penalty.]

Proviso if no such Increase found.

Mixing different Wettings, or mixing unmalted Grain with Malt.

and which shall continue wetted, for any Space of Time less than Forty Hours, and not less than the Number of Hours mentioned in such Notice, as if the same had continued wetted Forty Hours; and if any such Corn or Grain shall not be continued to be covered with Water for the Number of Hours in such Notice mentioned before the Water shall be drawn from the same, such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be charged for a Quantity of Malt equal to the whole Quantity of such Corn or Grain so wetted.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Corn or Grain shall be found in any Steep, Cistern, Uting Vat, Wetting Place or other Utensil, in the Malthouse of any Maltster or Maker of Malt, after Seventy two Hours from the Hour mentioned in any Notice for the wetting of such Corn or Grain in such Steep, Cistern, Uting Vat, Wetting Place or other Utensil, such Corn or Grain shall be considered as new Corn or Grain to be made into Malt, and shall be charged with Double Duty; and such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

u Corn thrown out of the Cistern shall remain Twenty four Hours " in Couch Frame, and Ten Days on Floors, Penalty 10/. — §43. [Repealed, 50 G. 3. c. 99. $ 1.]

XLIV. And, for the further and better preventing of Frauds ‘ by the pressing of Malt in the Steep, Cistern, Uting Vat or Couch i Frame Be it further enacted, That if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall tread, press or otherwise force together in the Steep, Cistern, Uting Vat or Couch Frame, any Corn or Grain steeping or steeped in order to be made into Malt, every such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer of Excise, by himself or by any Person or Persons by him employed for that Purpose, in the Presence of any Maltster or Maker of Malt, or his, her, or their Servant, (if such Maltster or Servant shall think fit to be present at such Operation,) to throw or remove all Corn or Grain making into Malt from or out of any Couch Frame, and to lay the same level; and if any Increase shall be found in the Gauge or Quantity of such Corn or Grain on the Removal and laying the same level as aforesaid, exceeding the Rate of One Bushel in every Twenty Bushels over and above the Quantity which the same appeared to be by the previous Gauge thereof taken in the Couch Frame or Cistern, then and in every such Case, Proof being made of such Increase as aforesaid, such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Five Shillings for each and every Bushel of such Corn or Grain contained in such Couch Frame: Provided always, that if no Increase shall be found exceeding the Rate aforesaid, such Officer shall pay to every Person employed in removing and replacing such Corn or Grain the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence British Currency.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That no Maltster or Maker of Malt shall mix or cause to be mixed any Corn or Grain of One wetting or steeping, or any Part thereof, with any Corn or Grain making into Malt of any other wetting or steeping, or any Part thereof; or shall mix or cause to be mixed any Corn or Grain in

any

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 53.

135

any Couches or Floors, or any Part thereof, with any Corn or Grain of any other wetting or steeping, or any Part thereof, before the same shall be put on the Kiln for drying; and that no Maltster or Maker of Malt, or other Person whatsoever in,

shall mix or cause to be mixed any unmalted Corn or Grain with Malt made of any Corn or Grain whatsoever, or shall sell or expose to Sale any such Mixtures respectively as aforesaid, on Pain of forfeiting in each and every such Case the Sum of Ten Pounds for Penalty lol. every such Offence respectively. [See48 G. 3. c. 79. § 7.]

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Maltster or Maker of Fraudulently Malt, or other Person whatsoever, shall hide or conceal, or cause concealing or^ or permit or suffer to be hidden or concealed, any Malt within any removinS 1 a Malthouse, or in any Store or Place thereto belonging, or in any other Place whatsoever; or shall fraudulently convey away, or cause or procure or permit or suffer to be conveyed away, any Malt out of any Malthouse or Stores from the View of any Gauger or other Officer, or shall cause or procure, or permit or suffer to be conveyed away from the Steep, Cistern or Uting Vat, or other wetting Place or Utensil, any Steeping or Part of any Steeping of Corn or Grain making into Malt, or shall mix such Corn or Grain making into Malt, or such Corn or Grain so conveyed away, with or amongst any other Corn or Grain making into Malt, or in any Couch or Couches, Floor or Floors, of other Corn or Grain making into Malt, which are then in Operation, and which shall have been gauged or charged with Duty; or if any Maltster or Maker of Malt, or other Person whatsoever, shall fraudulently convey away or cause or procure or permit or suffer to be conveyed away from the Steep, Cistern, Uting Vat or other wetting Place, any Steeping or Part of any Steeping of Corn or Grain making into Malt, so that no Gauge of such Corn or Grain so conveyed away can be taken by the Officers; or if any Person shall harbour, hide or conceal any Malt, or any Corn or Grain making into Malt; then and in each of the said Cases every such Maltster or Maker of Malt, or other Person so offending, shall for every such Offence respectively forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds; and all such Malt, or Cora or Grain making into Malt, with all Bags and Sacks containing the same, shall be forfeited and may be seized; and if any Person having Malt in his or her Possession shall not on Demand made by any Officer of Excise shew all the Malt, or Cora or Grain making into Malt, in his, her or their Possession, every such Person shall forfeit the Sum of Penalty id.

Ten Pounds for every Time such Person shall so conceal or not shew such Malt, or Cora or Grain making into Malt; and all Malt, and forfeiture or Corn or Grain making into Malt, which shall not be so shewn, of Malt, or shall be so concealed, shall be forfeited, and may be seized.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Officer Mode of charg-of Excise shall take any Gauge of any Cora or Grain making into ing for Malt on Malt on the Floor of any Malthouse of any Maltster or Maker of t, ie Quantity of Malt, within the Space of Seventy two Hours after the Time such ^r°n Cora or Grain was or ought to have been thrown out of the Couch Frame, such Officer shall charge such Maltster or Maker of Malt with a Quantity of Malt after the Rate of Fifteen Bushels of Malt for every Twenty Bushels of Corn or Grain; and if such Gauge shall be taken after the Space of Seventy two Hours, and within the Space of One hundred and twenty Hours after the Time such

K 4 Corn

136

C.S3.

A.D. 1805.

Permits not granted for Malt, except on Evidence of Payment of Duty.

Collector of Excise may distrain for Duties.

Proviso for Permits to Maltster before Sale or Distress.

Malt, Corn or Grain in any Malthouse made liable to

45° GEO. III.

Corn or Grain was or ought to have been thrown out of the Couch Frame, such Officer shall charge such Maltster or Maker of Malt with a Quantity of Malt after the Rate of Fourteen Bushels of Malt for every Twenty one Bushels of Corn or Grain; and after the Space of One hundred and twenty Hours from the Time such Corn or Grain was or ought to have been thrown out of the Couch Frame, such Officer shall charge such Maltster or Maker of Malt with a Quantity of Malt after the Rate of Ten Bushels of Malt for every Twenty Bushels of such Corn or Grain, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity of such Corn or Grain in any of the Cases aforesaid.

u Corn to be put on the Kiln, Twenty one Days after wetting, or " be charged with Duty as Malt. § 48. [, 50 3.

c. 99. § 1.]

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That no Officer of the Revenue shall grant any Permit for the Removal of any Malt from the Malthouse or Stores of any Maltster or Maker of Malt, unless such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall produce to such Officer the Receipt of the Collector of the District in which such Malt shall have been made, for the Duty on such Malt, nor unless such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall suffer such Officer to indorse on such Receipt the Quantity of Malt for which such Permit is required, and the Date of such Permit; and every such Officer is hereby required to make such Indorsement accordingly.

L. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Duties payable under this Act by any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be unpaid at the Time when such Duties are by this Act made due and payable, it shall be lawful for the Collector of Excise of the District in which the Malthouse of such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be situate, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to empower any Person or Persons to take and distrain all Malt, and all Corn or Grain in any Malthouse, Store or other Premises of such Maltster or Maker of Malt, registered under this Act, and to cause the same to be sold by public Auction; and if, after the Payment of all Duties due from such Maltster or Maker of Malt, together with the Costs and Expences of such taking and distraining, there shall be any Surplus of the Produce arising from the Sale thereof, such Surplus shall be forthwith tendered and paid to such Maltster or Maker of Malt, or his Representatives:Provided always, that when any Malt shall be so taken and distrained, it shall and may be lawful for such Maltster or Maker of Malt, or his Representatives, at any Time or Times before the Day appointed for the Sale thereof, to obtain Permits for conveying all or any Part of such Malt, upon his or their paying to the Collector towards discharging the Duties so due and payable, the real Value of such Malt as he or they shall desire to remove, and the same may be removed accordingly; and a proper Permit or Permits shall, on due Application, be given for the same, in like Manner as if no such Distress had been made.

LI. And be it further enacted, That all Malt, and all Corn or Grain whatsoever making or to be made into Malt, which shall be found in any Malthouse, Storehouse or other Tenement used or occupied, or which shall have been used or occupied by any

Maltster

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 53.

137

Maltster or Maker of Malt, shall be liable and subject to, and is Payment of hereby charged with all Debts due to the Crown, and all Duties of Duties. Excise which shah be in Arrear, and owing by any Person for any Malt made within such Malthouse, and shall also be subject to the Payment of all such Penalties as shall have been incurred by any Person who shall have occupied or used such Malthouse, for any Offence against this Act, or any Act or Acts in force in,

relating to Maltsters or Makers of Malt; and it shall be lawful in all Cases to levy such Debts, Duties, Penalties and Forfeitures by Distress and Sale of such Malt, or Corn or Grain, as it would be lawful to do in case the Person owing such Debts and Duties, or incurring such Penalties and Forfeitures, was at the Time the real Proprietor of such Malt, or Corn or Grain.

LII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to Making Malt make Malt of Wheat or Oats, and that all Wheat and Oats making of Wheat or into Malt, and all malted Wheat and Oats, mixed or unmixed Oats, with any other Corn or Grain, ground or unground, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Justice of the Peace, or any Officer of Excise; and the Person or Persons in whose Custody the same shall be found, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings for Penalty and every Barrel so found, and the Malt so seized shall be sold. Forfeiture.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Maltster dis-Person shall at the Expiration of any Licence granted under this continuing Act discontinue the Trade and Business of a Maltster or Maker Business shall of Malt, such Person shall, within Twenty one Days after the office/t^ke Expiration of such Licence, make a Return to the Collector of Account of the District in which the Malthouse of such Person shall be situate, Stock, who of all such Quantity of Malt as shall be in the Possession of such shall grant a Person at the Time of making such Return; and it shall and may Certificate for be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Excise, and he and they f0unding°Per-is and are hereby directed and required, as soon as conveniently mits for Malt may be after the Expiration of such Licence, to enter into every thereon, &c. Malthouse, Store or other Place belonging to such Person, and to gauge and take an Account of all Malt remaining therein, and to make a Return thereof to the Collector of the District in which such Malthouse shall be situate; and every such Officer shall at the Time of taking such Account give to such Person a Certificate of the true Quantity of Malt so remaining in such Malthouse,

Store or other Place, as shall appear to have been charged with Duty; and when any such Person shall apply for a Permit for the Removal of the Whole or any Part of such Malt so remaining, such Person shall produce to the proper Officer for granting such Permit the aforesaid Certificate; and such Officer shall at the Time of granting such Permit, indorse on such Certificate the Date and Number of the Permit, and the Name of the Person to whom, and the Place to which the Malt therein mentioned is intended to be conveyed, and the Quantity thereof, and sign his Name thereto; and every such Person to whom such Certificate shall have been granted shall, on every Twenty fifth Day of, Twenty fifth

Day of March, Twenty fourth Day of, and Twenty ninth Day of September, or within Ten Days after each and every of the

said Days, return to the proper Officer such Certificate, with all Indorsements thereon; and every such Officer shall upon receiving such Certificate give a new Certificate for all such Malt as

shall

Renewal of Certificates Quarterly.

New Certificate.

138

C. 53.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Neglecting to return Certificate.

Penalty 1001.

Officers may enter Malt-houses and take account.

Not producing Certificate, &c.

Penalty 101.

Brewers or Distillers mixing Malt made, with Malt bought by them.

Penalty 101.

Maltster selling Malt not made by himself (except Brewers or Distillers). Penalty 1001.

Proviso for licensed Brewer receiving Malt.

Private Persons making Malt subject to such Itules as Commissioners of Excise, with Consent of Treasury, shall direct.

shall then be remaining on Hand, of the Quantity for which such former Certificate had been given; and if any such Person shall neglect to deliver up any such Certificate at any of the Times, aforesaid, such Person shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Excise, from Time to Time, and at all Times, to enter into the Malthouse and Stores of any such Person so discontinuing the Trade or Business of a Maltster, and to gauge and take an Account of all Malt found therein, and to demand a View of such Certificates as aforesaid, with the Indorsements made thereon; and if such Person shall not upon such Demand produce such Certificates with the Indorsements thereon, then all such Malt shall be forfeited, and may be seized; and such Person shall for every such Neglect forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

LV. And be it further enacted, That no Brewe ior Distiller who shall make Malt, shall mix or cause to be mixed any Malt made by him or her with any Malt made by any other Person; and that every such Brewer and Distiller shall keep all Malt made by him or her in Stores or Rooms separate and distinct from the Stores or Rooms in which he or she shall keep any Malt made by any other Person; and that every such Brewer and Distiller, in whose Stores any Malt made by him or her shall be found mixed with any Malt made by any other Person, or not kept in separate and distinct Stores or Rooms, shall for every Time such Malt shall be so found forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall deal in or sell any Malt, except such Malt as shall have been made in some Malthouse of such Maltster or Maker of Malt, duly licensed, such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds:Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent any licensed Brewer or Distiller, who shall have a Licence for making Malt under this Act, from receiving Malt duly permitted from others to be consumed in the Brewery or Distillery of such Brewer or Distiller only; nor to prevent such Brewer or Distiller wdio shall discontinue, the Business of a Brewer or Distiller, from selling or disposing of any Malt the Duties on which shall have been previously paid or secured.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That every Person making Malt in Ireland, for his or her own private Use, and not for Sale, shall make a Return to the Collector of the District of his or her Name and Place of Abode, and of the Malthouse or other Place in which such Person intends to make any Malt, certifying that the Malt intended to be made is to be used by such Person for brewing Beer or Ale for his or her private Use and Consumption, and not for Sale; and the Collector to whom such Return shall be made shall make an Entry or Registry thereof, and shall give a Copy of such Entry or Registry to the Person making such Return, and such Person shall not be required to take out any Licence for making of Malt under this Act, nor be subject to any Penalty for neglecting to take out such Licence; but every such Person shall be chargeable and charged with the Duty for all Malt actually made by him or her, and shall be subject and liable to the Visits of any Officer of Excise, and to such of the Rules and Regulations

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 53.

139

gulations in this Act contained, as the Commissioners of Excise shall, by and with the Approbation of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of, from time

to time think necessary for the securing the Payment of the Duty on the Quantity of Malt actually made by such Person; and if any such Person shall make any Malt for Sale, or shall sell any Malt, or any Beer or Ale brewed by him or her, or shall dispose of any such Malt, Beer or Ale, or of any Com in the Process of making into Malt, for Gain or Profit, or in the way of Barter, such Person shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of the Excise to enter into the Houses, Outhouses, Mills, Storehouses or other Houses whatsoever of any Person or Persons having Malt in his, her or their Possession, and to demand a Permit, signed by the proper Officer, for all Malt that shall be found therein, except such Malt as shall be made by any Maltster or Maker of Malt, or by any Person making Malt for his or her own private Use and not for Sale, and found in the Malt Stores of such Maltster or Maker of Malt, or other Person duly registered according to this Act; and if on Demand made by such Officer as aforesaid, a Permit or Certificate (as the Case may be) of force, for such Malt shall not be produced within a reasonable Time after such Demand, then all such Malt shall be forfeited, together with any Sacks, Bags or other Packages in which the same shall be contained, and the same may be seized; and every Person in whose Possession as aforesaid any Malt shall be found without such Permit or Certificate shall for every Barrel of such Malt so found in the Possession of such Person forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings. [See52 G.3. c. 97. § 9.]

LIX. And be it further enacted, That an Account shall be taken and kept by any Officer of Excise of the Stock of Malt of every Factor and other Person dealing in or storing Malt, and of the Stock of Malt of every Brewer and Distiller; and that every such Person shall before receiving any Malt give an Account in Writing signed by such Person to the Collector of the District in which the Stores of such Person shall be situated, of all Stores or Places intended to be used for keeping or storing Malt, and a Description of the Situation thereof, and of every Floor, Loft and Room therein, and the Measure in Feet and Inches of the Length, Breadth and Pleight of each such Store, Floor, Loft and Room, and shall cause to be painted with an Oil Colour, Black or White, on the Outside of every Door of every such Store, Loft and Room, in legible Letters and Figures at least Three Inches in Length, the Words "Malt Store, " and the Number thereof; and if any Malt exceeding the Quantity of Five Barrels shall be found in or on any Store, Floor, Loft or Room of any such Person of which such Account shall not have been given, or upon the Door of which such Letters and Figures shall not be painted and remain so painted and legible, or in or on any Store, Floor, Loft or Room, the Dimensions whereof shall exceed by Four Inches in Length, Breadth or Height, the Dimensions mentioned and contained in any such Account, all Malt found in any such Stores, Lofts or Rooms, shall be forfeited and may be seized, and the

Person

Penalty lOOl.

Officer may enter Places where Malt kept, and require Permits.

Not producing same.

[Penalty.]

Officers to keep Account of Factors’ Stores, which shall be registered with the Collector.

The Words " Malt Store, " &c. to be painted on Doors.

Malt found in Rooms where the Words not painted.

Forfeited, &c.

C. 53.

45° GEO. III.

140

A.D. 1805.

Penalty 201.

Undue Increase of Stock of Factors.

[Penalty.]

Undue Decrease of Stock of Maltsters and Factors.

[Penalty.]

Packages of Malt to be marked Malt."

[Penalty.]

Penalties payable in British Currency, and recovered as under

14 & 15C. 2.(I.) Sess. 4. c. 8. or any other Excise Act.

Person in whose Stores, Lofts or Rooms the same shall be found shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any greater Quantity of Malt shall be found in the Possession of any Person having discontinued the Business of a Maltster, or of any Factor or Dealer in Malt, than by the Stock Account of any Officer of Excise ought to be in the Possession of such Person or of such Factor or Dealer, all such increased Quantity shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise, and the Person in whose Possession the same shall be found shall forfeit for every Barrel thereof the Sum of Twenty Shillings. [Penalty of 30s. if it exceeds One Bushel in Twenty, 49 G. 3. c. 57. § 1.]

LXI. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where the Stock of Malt in the Possession of any Maltster or of any Factor or Dealer in Malt, or of any Brewer or Distiller, shall be less than the Quantity of Malt which by the Stock Account kept by any Officer of Excise ought to be in the Possession of such Maltster, Factor, Dealer, Brewer or Distiller, every such Person shall for every such Time such Decrease shall appear, forfeit the Sum of Fifteen Shillings for every Barrel of Malt which shall so appear to be deficient.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Malt, exceeding in the Whole the Quantity of Six Stone, shall be conveyed in Sacks or Packages, by Land or by Water, from Place to Place in Ireland, or shall be found on any Carriage or Beast, or oq board any Boat or other Vessel, and that there shall not be marked outside of every Sack or other Package containing such Malt, on both Sides thereof, and at or near the Middle of such Sack or other Packages, the Word " Malt, " in Black Roman Letters not less than Three Inches in length, if any Part of any such Sack or Package on which the Word " Malt" shall be so stamped and marked, or if the upeprmost Sack or Package where there shall be more Sacks or Packages than One, on the same Carriage or in the same Boat or Vessel, shall not be placed so as to appear in public View without altering the Position of such Sack or other Package, then and in every such Case such Malt, with the Sacks or Packages containing the same, and also the Beast and Carriage, or Boat or Vessel, containing, carrying, bearing or drawing the same, with all Tackle thereto respectively belonging, shall be forfeited, and may be seized.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act shall be paid and recovered in British Currency; and shall and may be sued for, recovered, levied and applied in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers and Authorities as are prescribed, directed and appointed in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty Charles the Second, intituled Act for the settling of the Excise or new Impost upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted, or by any other Law or Laws in force in Ireland relative to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, as fully and effectually, to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes, as if the same were particularly mentioned and expressed and re-enacted in this Act, with

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 53.

141

like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties who shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said Act of Excise, or any Law or Laws relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, is provided.

LXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any One Justice of the Peace within his Jurisdiction, where any pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture not exceeding Twenty Pounds shall be incurred under this Act, to hear and determine the same, and to convict the Party offending on his or her own Confession, or on the Oath of any One credible Witness; and in all such Cases One Moiety of the Penalty or Forfeiture shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish in which the Offence shall have been committed, or the Conviction made, at the Discretion of the Justice; and such Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized and required upon Information made on Oath in that Behalf, within Three Months after the Offence committed, to summon the Party accused, and also the Witness or Witnesses upon either Side; and if upon the Confession of the Party accused, or Examination of any Witness or Witnesses on Oath, which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer, such Party shall be convicted of the Offence alleged against him, then it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby required to award and issue out a Warrant under his Hand and Seal to any Constable of the County, for levying the Penalty or Forfeiture incurred on the Goods of the Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof in case the same shall not be redeemed within Six Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus (if any) after deducting the Expence of such Sale; and for want of sufficient Distress it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby required, to commit such Offender to Gaol for any Time not exceeding Three Months, or until such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be paid; and if any Person shall find himself or herself aggrieved by the Judgment of the said Justice, then such Person shall and may complain or appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions for the County, and such Justices are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the Complaint or Appeal; and in case the Conviction of the Party shall be affirmed, such Justices shall issue Warrants for levying the Penalty or Forfeiture as aforesaid, and also for levying on the Goods of the Appellants such Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, as the said Justices shall appoint for the Costs of such Appeal, to be paid to the Informer; and where any such pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, the same may be sued for and recovered by any Person who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, or by Civil Bill in any of the Courts of Record in Dublin, or at the Quarter Sessions of the Justices of the Peace, or at the Assizes in any County or County of a Town or City in Ireland; and it shall be lawful for the Court before whom any such Penalty shall be recovered to order the Offender to be committed to Gaol, there to remain for any Time in the Discretion of such Court, or until such Fine or Forfeiture be fully paid and satisfied.

Penalties not exceeding 20l. may be recovered before One Justice, within Three Months, and levied by Distress and Sale, &c.

If no Distress. Imprisonment.

Appeal to Quarter Sessions,

Penalties above 201. may be recovered by Action or Civil Bill, &c.

142

C. 53.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Proceedings of Justices not removable by Certiorari.

Commissioners of Excise may not abate Penalties without Direction of Treasury.

Commissioners of Excise or Treasury may give the whole Penalty to Officer seizing.

Magistrates neglecting to assist in executing this Act.

Penalty 501.

How disposed of.

Commencement of Act, 29th Sept. 1805.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That no Conviction made or alleged to be made by any Justice of the Peace, nor any Proceeding before such Justice, or before any Justices of the Peace at the Quarter Sessions, nor any Sentence or Order given or made, or alleged to be given or made, by any such Justice or Justices under or by virtue of this Act, shall be removed by Writ of Certiorari out of the County, City, Town or Place wherein such Conviction or Proceeding shall have been had or made, into any Court whatsoever; and that no Writ of Certiorari shall supersede Execution or other Proceedings upon such Conviction, Order or Sentence so made or given in pursuance of this Act; but that Execution and other Proceedings shall be had and made thereupon, any such Writ of Certiorari or Allowance thereof notwithstanding.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise to abate any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture which may be set, imposed or adjudged on any Information in the Excise Offices of the respective Districts or otherwise howsoever, against any Person or Persons, or Thing or Things, for any Offence whatsoever under this Act, without the Direction of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the Purpose; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise, with the Approbation or Direction of the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of, or for the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, in all Cases to direct that the Whole, or any Part of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture incurred under this Act, shall be paid to the Officer or Officers making any Seizure or giving Information of any Offence under this Act, to be applied for the Use of such Officer or Officers, and in such Proportions and under such Regulations as such lastmentioned Commissioners respectively shall from time to time direct and appoint; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate in Ireland, who shall neglect or refuse, in any Instance, to carry this Act into Execution, upon a proper Application made to him, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds British Currency, for every such Neglect or Refusal, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any Court of Record in Ireland, by the Person who shall have made such Application;

in which no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law nor more than One Imparliance shall be allowed; the Money recovered by such Action to be applied as to One Half thereof, to the Use of the Person suing for the same, and the other Half to be paid to the Minister, Rector or Churchwarden of the Parish wherein such Justice of Peace or Magistsate shall reside, for the Use of the Poor therein.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect upon and from the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and five.

[Amended, 46 G.3. c. 57. — See48 G.3. c. 79. § 2.6. — 49 3.

c. 57. §1. — 50G. 3. c. 59. §1.-52 6?. 3. c. 97. §9. — 53 G. 3. c. 74*. §3.-55 G.3. c. 99.

i

A.D. 1805.

45° GEO. III. C. 54.

148

CAP. LIV.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Ninth Year of King George the First, for amending the Laws relating to the Settlement, Employment and Relief of the Poor, so far as the same respects Contracts to be entered into for the Maintenance and Employment of the Poor.

[27th June 1805.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Ninth

VV Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the

First, intituled An Act for the Amendment of the Laws relating 9G.1. c. 7. §4. i to the Settlement, Employment and Relief of the Poor, Church-

‘ wardens and Overseers of the Poor, with the Consent of the

major Part of the Parishioners or Inhabitants, are authorized,

* in the Manner therein mentioned, to purchase or hire a House or ‘ Houses, and to contract with any Person or Persons for the ‘ lodging, keeping, maintaining and employing of the Poor, and ‘ for taking the Benefit of their Work, Labour and Service, for

* their better Maintenance and Relief; and where any Parish,

‘ Town or Township should be found too small, in such Case to ‘ unite Two or more such Parishes, Towns or Townships, for those ‘ Purposes, with the Consent of the major Part of the Parishioners ‘ or Inhabitants, and with the Approbation of a Justice of the ‘ Peace: And Whereas great Inconvenience has arisen from Con-‘ tracts for the Lodging, Maintenance and Employment of the ‘ Poor of Parishes, having been entered into pursuant to the said ‘ Act, with Persons not being resident within such Parishes ‘ respectively, nor of sufficient Responsibility to ensure the faithful 1 Performance of such Contracts Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Contract to No Contract for be entered into and made by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the

the Poor of any Parish, with any Person or Persons, for the iess°thTperson lodging, keeping, maintaining or employing of the Poor of such with whom the Parish or Parishes where Two or more are united, and for taking same is made the Benefit of their Work, Labour and Service, for their better shall be resident Maintenance and Relief, by virtue or in pursuance of the said Act in the ^ansh of the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the First, or of ^erethe^oor any other Law or Statute whatsoever, shall be valid, binding or shall be main-effectual, unless the Person or Persons with whom the same shall tained; be entered into respectively shall and during the Continuance of such Contract be resident within the Parish so contracting, or within the particular Parish in which such Poor shall be lodged and maintained, or who, in the Case where Two or more Parishes are united, shall be so resident as aforesaid in One of such Parishes, or in the Parish in which such Poor shall be lodged and maintained; and unless One or more responsible Householders, resident nor unless One in such particular Parish or in One of the said Parishes, and to be Householder approved of by the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of forthedue^ such Parish, or united Parishes, as the Case may be, shall, at or Performance of before the Time of signing such Contract, by their joint and several the Contract.

m

All other Contracts void; as also on Removal of Contractor; but such Removal not to vacate Security.

Exception as to special Acts;

and Contracts already entered into.

25 G.S. §.17, 18.

C. 54, 55. 45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Bond, with a Penalty in not less than the Amount of One Half of the Assessment to the Poors Rate of such Parish or united Parishes for the Year next but One preceding the Year in which such Contract shall be entered into, give Security to the said Churchwardens and Overseers as the Case may be, for the true and faithful Observance and Performance of such Contract on the Part and Behalf of the Person or Persons so to be contracted with as aforesaid; nor unless such Contract shall be approved of and signed by Two Justices of the Peace acting for such County, City, Riding or District, in which such Parish or united Parishes, or One of them, shall be situated.

II. And be it further enacted, That all such Contracts as aforesaid, which shall be entered into otherwise than according to the Regulations and Restrictions hereinbefore contained, shall be absolutely null and void to all Intents and Purposes; and every such Contract which shall be entered into conformably to the Directions of this Act, by any Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, with any Person or Persons who shall remove from and cease to reside in the particular Parish or in One of the united Parishes wherein such Poor shall be lodged and maintained, before the Expiration of the whole Term or Time for which such Contract shall be intended to have Continuance, shall also from the Time of such Removal cease and determine: Provided alwaj^s, that the Removal of such Person or Persons as aforesaid shall not vacate the Security entered into by any Householder or Householders as aforesaid, for the true Observance and Performance of the, Contract of such Person or Persons so having contracted and removing, but that the same shall continue in full force for the Indemnification of the Churchwardens and Overseers of such Parish or united Parishes against any Loss or Expence incurred in consequence of such Nonperformance of such Contract and of such Removal: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any Parish, Township or Place where the Poor are maintained under any special Act of Parliament: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to make void any Contract that shall have been entered into before the passing of this Act with any Person or Persons for the lodging, keeping, maintaining or employing of the Poor of any Parish, by virtue or in pursuance of the said Act of the Ninth Year of King George the First aforesaid; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LV.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for better examining and auditing the Public Accounts of this Kingdom; and for enabling the Commissioners, in certain cases, to allow of Vouchers although not stamped according to Law.

[27th June 180$.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Twenty fifth Year of 6 His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for better

examining and auditing the Public Accounts of this, it is

enacted, that the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces,

the Treasurer of the Navy, the Treasurer of the Ordnance, and

‘ every

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 55.

145

* every other public Officer paying into the Hands of any Person

* or Persons whomsoever Money for public. Services by way of Imprest or on Account, shall, within Thirty Days after the Thirty first Day of Deceynber in every Year, transmit an Account of all Sums of Money, issued or paid by him or them to any Person or Persons for the public Service within the preceding Year, to the Commissioners for auditing the public Accounts,

who are required forthwith to transmit Duplicates of the same to His Majesty's Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer, who immediately on Receipt of such Accounts is required to put the several Sums so issued in charge against the Parties, in like Manner as with respect to Persons receiving Money by way of Imprest or on Account of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer; and it is thereby further enacted, that no Accountant shall be allowed in his Account any Sum which he shall issue or pay over to any Sub Accountants, unless he shall have transmitted to the said Commissioners regular Accounts thereof in the Manner and within the Times above mentioned, unless Proof shall be produced, to the Satisfaction of the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury, that any Failure of transmitting the same did not happen from the wilful Neglect of the Person issuing or paying over the Money as aforesaid: And 4 Whereas it is expedient to extend the Period within which Accounts of Sums of Money issued to Sub Accountants may be transmitted to the Commissioners for auditing the public Accounts, and that the said Commissioners should be enabled in certain Cases to allow of Vouchers for Monies paid although the same may not have been stamped according to Law Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Paymaster Period within General of His Majesty's Forces, the Treasurer of the Navy, the which Accounts Treasurer of the Ordnance, and every other public Officer, who, of M°ney is* since the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hun- Accountants dred and four, hath paid, or who shall hereafter pay into the Hands may be trans-of any Person or Persons whomsoever, Money for public Services mitted by Pay-by way of Imprest or on Account, within Twelve Calendar master General, Months after the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight &c*to Auditors’ hundred and five, and within Twelve Calendar Months after the ^x^elve^’Thirty first Day of December in every future Year, to transmit an Months after Account of all Sums of Money issued or paid by him or them to 31st Dec. any Person or Persons for the public Service within the preceding yearly.

Year, to the Commissioners for auditing the public Accounts, who Auditors’ shall, within Six Months after the Receipt of such Account, take Office shall take the sam^ into Consideration; and if it shall appear to them that insider8 the Persons to whom public Monies shall be so stated to have been ation withinSix issued or paid, or any of them, ought to be made Sub Accountants, Months, &c. and be set insuper in the declared Account of such Principal,

they shall forthwith transmit a Schedule or Certificate thereof to His Majesty's Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer, who shall immediately put the Sums so issued or paid in charge against the said Party or Parties, and the said Sums shall be allowed in the Accounts of the respective Accountants issuing the same, in 45 Geo. III. L like

146

C. 55 — 58. 45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

like^ Manner as if such Accounts had been transmitted within the Period prescribed by the said Act.

Vouchers for

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the ced^n^Dec^i Commissioners for auditing the public Accounts, in their Ex> l804fmayC'be’arn*nati°n of any Accounts for any Periods preceding the Thirty allowed though first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and four, to not stamped. admit and allow of Receipts and Vouchers for any Monies expressed therein to have been paid, although such Receipts or Vouchers shall not have been stamped according to Law.

[S<?e46 G. 3. c. 141. — 54 G.3. c. 184. §6. — 1 & 2 G.4. c. 121.]

§5.]

CAP. LVI.

Exp- An Act for further continuing, until the First Day of

One thousand eight hundred and nine, an Act, made in 27 G. 3. c. 26. the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury to let to Farm the Duties on Horses let to Hire for travelling Post, and by Time.

[27th June 1805.]

CAP. LVII.

An Act to consolidate and extend the several Laws now in force, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandize into and from certain Ports in the West Indies.

[27th June 1805.]

[Repeale, 3 G. 4. c. 44.]

CAP. LVIII.

An Act to repeal an Act, made in the Twenty third Year of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Office of Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, and the more regular Payment of the Army; and for the more effectually regulating the said Office.

[27th 1805.]

WHEREAS several of the Provisions of an Act passed in

VV the Twenty third Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled < An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of the

General of His Majesty's , and the more regular Payment

of the Army; and to repeal an, made in the last Session of ‘ Parliament, intituled " An Act for the better Regulation of the

Office of Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces," have been found inconvenient Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-

23 G. 3. C. 50. liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the repealed. said Act shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

Paymaster

II. And be it further enacted, That the Paymaster General of

General, in his His Majesty's Forces for the time being, in all Memorials to be Memorial to the jjm presented to the Treasury for Money for Army Services, Treasury, shall pray, that such Sum as he requires may be issued to the Go-

required and"1 vernor and Company of the Bank of England, on his Account, y’specifying -

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 58.

specifying in every such Memorial the Sum he requires, and for what particular Service or Services; and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, by their , Letter, from time to time shall direct the Auditor of the Exchequer to issue to the said Governor and Company, on Account of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, (naming such Paymaster General for the time being) , the Sum for which such Letter shall be drawn upon the unsatisfied Order at the Exchequer in favour of the said Paymaster General, for which the Receipt of the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company shall be a sufficient Discharge; and all Sums for which such Letters of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall be drawn, shall be issued from the Exchequer to the Governor and Company of the Bank of, and not to the Pay-

master General of His Majesty's Forces, and shall be placed to the Account in the Books of the said Governor and Company, intituled The Account of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, " inserting the Name of such Paymaster General for the time being.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Fees whatever shall be paid at the Exchequer or Treasury, by reason of the Transactions aforesaid, beyond the Amount of what hath been usually paid upon Imprests and Accounts hitherto made, according to the former Custom of transacting Business between the Exchequer, Pay Office and Bank severally.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces for the time being, by himself or his Deputy, or the Person or Persons in his Office duly authorised by the said Paymaster General, shall draw upon the Governor and Company of the Bank of England)for all Army Services whatever, by Drafts signed by him or his Deputy, or the Person or Persons so authorised; and shall specify in every Draft the particular Head of Service to which the Sum therein mentioned is to be applied; and no Draft of the said Paymaster or his Deputy, or the Person or Persons authorised as aforesaid, shall be deemed a sufficient Voucher to the said Governor and Company, unless the same shall specify the Service for which it is drawn, and shall be actually paid by the said Governor and Company; and the Monies so to be issued to the said Governor and Company on Account of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces shall not be paid out of the Bank, unless for Army Services, in pursuance of Drafts in which shall be specified the Heads of Service to which the Sums therein mentioned are to be applied, and which Drafts so drawn shall be sufficient Authority to the Bank to pay such Money to the Persons mentioned in such Drafts or to the Bearer thereof. [See 53 G. 3. c. 100. § 3.]

V. And, in order that the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury may have frequent Knowledge of the Balance of Cash in the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on Account of the Paymaster General, and thereby be enabled to judge of the Propriety and Necessity of further Issues, and to prevent the unnecessary Accumulation of public Money in the Hands of the said Governor and Company; ’ Be it enacted, That in the First Memorial presented every Month, or

L 2 oftener

147

for what particular Service; and such Sum shall be issued to the Bank of England and by them put to the Paymaster’s Account.

Only customary Fees at Exchequer or Treasury.

Paymaster or his Deputy to draw on the Bank for all Army Services; specifying the particular Head of Service.

Paymaster te r his First Mfc-

148

C. 58.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

mortal to Treasury every Month, to insert Amount of his Balance in the Bank, and Charges thereon.

Manner of making up Paymaster General’s Accounts annually to 25th December.

On Death or Removal.

Regiments.

Staff, &c.

Extraordinaries.

On Death or Removal of Paymaster, Balance in the Bank to vest ii Successor.

oftener if required, to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, by the Paymaster General for the time being, for a Supply of Money for Army Services, such Paymaster General, or the Accountant in his Office, shall insert in the Body of such Memorial the Sum Total of the Balance of Public Money on Account of the Paymaster General in the Hands of the said Governor and Company, together with an Account of all the Claims, outstanding Drafts and other Demands with which such Balance is chargeable, and is to be applied. [See48 G. 3. 49. § 9.]

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Paymaster General for the time being shall, during his Continuance in Office, make up an annual Account of the Ordinary and Extraordinary Services of the Army, to be intituled " The Account of the Paymaster " General of His Majesty's Forces the First annual Account after the passing of this Act to commence on the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and four, and to end on the Twenty fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and five; and every succeeding Account to commence on the Twenty fifth Day of December, and to end on the Twenty fourth Day of December following:Provided always, that in the Event of the Death, Resignation or Removal of the Paymaster General in the Course of the Year, the Accounts shall be made up in the Manner following; (that is to say,) The Accounts for the Pay of all Regiments, Troops and Companies shall be made up to the Twenty fourth Day of the Month of which the Subsistence of the Army shall have been paid in Advance previous to such Death, Resignation or Removal; the Accounts for the Pay of the General and Staff Officers, Garrisons and other regular voted Services, shall be made up so as to include all Payments which shall have been actually made on Account thereof, previous to such Death, Removal or Resignation; and the Accounts of the Extraordinary Services of the Army shall be made up to the Day of such Death, Removal or Resignation; and in every such Case the succeeding Paymaster General shall open a new and distinct Account or Accounts for all Army Services, the Payments for which shall not have been completed by his Predecessor or Predecessors; and all Payments necessary to complete such Services shall be made in the Name of the Paymaster General for the time being, who shall cause the same to be entered in such new and distinct Account or Accounts, until all Payments for such Services shall be completed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Resignation or Removal of any Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, the Balance of Cash for which he shall at that Time have Credit on his Account as Paymaster General with the Governor and Company of the Bank of Engl, shall, as soon as a Successor shall be appointed, actually vest in such Successor, in Trust for the Service of the Army, and be forthwith carried over and placed to the Account of such Successor of such Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, to be applied to the said Service, in pursuance of the like Drafts as aforesaid; and the succeeding Paymaster General shall, and he is hereby directed and required to form his Memorials and Requisitions to the Treasury, and to issue his Drafts as aforesaid, for all unsatisfied Charges and

Demands

45° GEO. III.

149

A.D. 1805.

C. 58.

Demands on Account of Army Services which shall have accrued in the Time of any preceding Paymaster General.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all such Accounts of the Accounts of Paymaster General for the time being shall be transmitted, with Paymaster Ge-proper Vouchers, to the Commissioners for auditing the public J^toTuditors’ Accounts, who shall and they are hereby directed and required, office, with the least possible Delay after the Receipt thereof, to examine or cause to be examined the said Accounts, and if found satisfactory, to present or cause to be presented the same to the proper Officer or Officers for Declaration; and when the same are declared, a Quietus or Acquittance in the usual Form shall be made out to the Paymaster or Paymasters General whose Accounts shall have been so declared, his or their Heirs, Executors or Administrators.

IX. And Whereas it may frequently happen that the clearing < Warrants for Accounts of Regiments, Troops or Companies serving at any Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope or Cape,

cannot, by reason of the great Distance of such Places, be made

out till long after all the other Accounts of Army Services are

‘ settled and prepared for Examination, whereby much unavoid-

i able and inconvenient Delay might arise in the Examination of

* such settled Accounts For Remedy whereof, be it enacted, Accounts of

That it shall be lawful for the Paymaster General of Flis Majes- Army Services

t.y’s Forces for the time being, to make out and keep the Accounts

for all Regiments, Troops and Companies, and other Army Ser- c°°e H °r^ or

vices, in Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope or Cape Horny kept separate

separate and distinct from all other Accounts for Army Services, from other Ac-

and to transmit such other Accounts for Army Services, whenever counts, and

the same shall be prepared for Examination, to the Commissioners ^udUe^accor

for auditing the public Accounts, without regard to the Accounts

for any such Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope and Cape °

Horn; and whenever the said Accounts for Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope and Cape Horn can be made up and prepared for Examination, in like Manner to transmit the same to the Commissioners for auditing the public Accounts; and the said Commissioners for auditing the public Accounts are hereby authorized and required to examine, or cause to be examined, such Accounts for general Army Services, when so transmitted to them, although the Accounts for Regiments, Troops and Companies, and other Army Services, at any such Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope and Cape Horn, shall not be included therein; and in like Manner to examine, or cause to be examined, the said last mentioned Accounts whenever the same shall be transmitted to them; and if such respective Accounts shall be found satisfactory, to present, or cause to be presented, the same respectively for Declaration; and when the same respectively are declared, a Quietus or Acquittance in the usual Form shall be made out to the Paymaster General whose Accounts shall have been so declared, his or their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, for the Amount of such respective Accounts, in like Manner as if in the same respectively had been included the Whole ordinary and extraordinary Services of the Anny for the Year.

[Sections 6. 8, 9., as to Periods of making and auditing Paymasters’ Accounts, repealed, 48 G. 3. 49. §2.]

" All

150

C. 58.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Paymaster to keep Account with Bank, and be answerable only for actual Receipts, &c.

Books of Accounts, &c. in Paymaster’s Office, to belong to Office: Paymaster may take Copies.

No Fees in Paymaster’s Office; annual Salaries of Officers ascertained, &c.

Taking Fees.

Penalty, Incapacity, &c.

" All'Accounts of Paymasters General in Arrear, from 24th ".April 1782 to 24th December 1804, shall be made up forthwith, in order to their being passed before the Auditors' " Office, who shall examine the same, &c. without delay. — " Paymasters in Arrear shall not be hereby exonerated from any " legal Responsibility. §10. Memorials for Money required " to complete the Services for any Period previous to 25th December 1804, shall specify that it is required for those Services, " and such Sums shall be issued and paid accordingly. § 11. [Exp.']

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces for the time being shall keep an Account with the Bank of England of all Monies issued or directed to be paid to him for the Service of the Army; and the Paymaster General, observing the Rules and Regulations hereby prescribed, shall not be answerable for any Money which he shall not actually receive, or which shall not be actually drawn for by him or his Deputy, or other Person or Persons authorized by him as aforesaid; and the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be answerable for all the Monies which shall be actually received by them for the Service of the Army.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Books of Accounts, and all Vouchers whatever, kept in the Office of Paymaster General, shall belong to the said Office, and shall not be at the Disposal of the Paymaster General to take and dispose of the same as his private and proper Books of Account and Vouchers: Provided that nothing herein shall extend to prevent any Person who hath exercised the Office of Paymaster General, or his or their Executors or Administrators, by himself or themselves, or by any Person or Persons authorized by him or them, from taking Copies or Extracts thereof, until an Acquittance in the Exchequer shall be made out for such Paymaster, his Heirs, Executors and Administrators; nor the Transmission of the Vouchers in due Time to the Commissioners for auditing the public Accounts.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Perquisite, Emolument or Reward whatsoever, whether arising from the Use of the public Money, or in any other Manner, (other than and except the Salaries and Allowances hereinafter mentioned,) shall be taken in the said Office, for any Business, Matter or Thing to be done therein; and in lieu thereof the Officers, Clerks and Servants in the said Office shall receive annual Salaries, payable quarterly, without Deduction, and not otherwise; and a List of the said Officers, Clerks and Servants, together with an Account of the Salaries paid to them from time to time, shall be entered in a Book, intituled " The Salary Book, " and deposited in the Office of the said Paymaster General, and Copies thereof lodged in the Treasury and Bank of England; and if any Person belonging to, or who shall hereafter belong to the said Office, shall take or accept any Fee, Perquisite, Emolument or Reward, (other than and except the Salaries and Allowances above mentioned,) he shall be dismissed from his Office or Employment, and be rendered incapable of serving His Majesty in any Employment whatever, for the Space of Three Years: Provided always, that no Augmentation

45° GEO. III. C. 58.

151

A.D. 1805.

mentation shall at any Time be made to the Salaries of any No Increase of such Officers, Clerks or Servants, without the Approbation of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury; and that when any such Treasury? Augmentations shall take place, an Entry thereof shall forthwith be made in the Book so to be kept, and new Duplicates thereof shall be transmitted to the Treasury, and to the Bank of England.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Certain Allow-Act contained shall be construed to deprive the Paymaster

General of the usual Allowances for himself or for Contingencies, masters' nor to prevent him from administering or applying the said Contingencies according to the usual Course of Office.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein Paymaster may contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to take away, remove Officers diminish or alter the Power of the Paymaster General of His increase^hV Majesty's Forces, to appoint, remove or change at his Pleasure all Number with or any of the Officers and Clerks employed in his said Office; Consent of

or, with the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners of Treasury, the Treasury, or any Three of them, signified in Writing, to increase the Number of such Clerks, in case the Circumstances of the Business of the said Office should render such an Increase necessary; which said additional Officers and Clerks shall, upon their respective Appointments, be subject to all the Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Pains and Penalties, to which the Officers and Clerks now existing in the said Office are by this Act made liable.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary at War Secretary at

shall and he is hereby required to form or cause to be formed ar to form Estimates for the several annual Services of the Army; (that is to Annual6

say,) an Estimate of the Charge of the Pensions to be paid to the Services, under Widows of Commissioned Officers; an Estimate of the Charge of distinct Heads, the Clothing of the Non Commissioned Officers and private Men and transmit of His Majesty's Forces; an Estimate of the Charge of Agency, them (when including the Allowance made to the Agent of the Subsistence of t^House of Noneffective Men, called Warrant Men; an Estimate of the Commons) to Charge of the In and Out Pensioners of Chelsea, and of the Paymaster’ *

the Expences of the said Hospital; an Estimate of the actual Pay Office.

of the Commissioned Officers and Non Commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Forces, on the several Establishments; an Estimate of the Charges of the Allowance made to Field Officers and Captains, and for the Use of Riding Masters,

Rough Riders and Expences incident to the same; an Estimate of the Extra Allowance for Farriery; an Estimate of the Allowance for Great Coats; an Estimate of the Charge of the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, the Secretary at War, the Comptrollers of Army Accounts, the Commissary General of the Musters, the Judge Advocate, their respective Deputies, Clerks, and the contingent Expences of their respective Offices, Exchequer Fees and all other Services, formerly paid out of the Deduction of Twelve Pence in the Pound and One Day’s Pay, and not otherwise provided for by this Act; as also,

Estimates of all such other Charges for Army Services as it may from time to time be necessary or expedient to submit to Parliament; and the said Secretary at War shall and he is hereby required to transmit Copies of the said Estimates, so soon as the

L 4 same

152

C. 58.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Paymaster to issue Monies appropriated for Clothing, Half yearly, as soon as Money is issued to him for that Purpose.

same shall have been agreed to by the House of Commons, to the Office of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces shall, and he is hereby directed and required, as soon after the Twenty fourth Day of and the

Twenty fourth Day of December in every Year as Money shall be issued for that Purpose, to issue to such Person or Persons as have regular Assignments from the several Colonels and other Officers commanding Regiments, Corps, Troops or Companies, for the Monies formerly called Net, for the Clothing of

the Non Commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Regular and Fencible Forces; provided the Paymaster General shall at such Time have been furnished with proper Establishments of the several Regiments and Corps for which such Monies are then to be issued:Provided always, that nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the making any Alteration in the Privileges, Profits or Emoluments which the said Colonels or other Officers commanding Regiments, Corps, Troops or Companies now derive, either from the Clothing of the Noneffective Men called Warrant Men, or Hautboys of their respective Regiments, Troops and Companies, but the said Colonels and other Officers shall continue to have enjoyed and received the same Privileges, Profits and Emoluments as they would otherwise enjoy and receive from the Net Off Reckonings, and from the Non-effective Men called Warrant, or Hautboys of their respective Regiments and Corps, Troops and Companies, had this Act not been made.

XIX. And, for the better Prevention of the issuing from the

* Exchequer any more Monies than shall be necessary for the

Secretary at ‘ Purposes recited in this Act:’ Be it enacted, That, from and

War to transmit after the passing of this Act, the Secretary at War shall, and he

J?aymastfr s is hereby directed and required, from time to time, to transmit to Office, an Ac- ----J ~ — 1 ~ -

count of Sums

necessary for

Proviso for Privileges of Colonels, &c. relative to Clothing, &c.

Regulars, cibles, &c.

Fen-

Certain annual Allowances on the Regimental Establishments to be issued Half yearly.

the Office of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, Accounts of the Sums necessary to be issued for the several Services of His Majesty's Regular and Fencible Forces and embodied Militia, according to the effective Strength and the actual Expenditure thereof, distinguishing each Corps severally; and the said Paymaster General shall, and he is hereby directed and required to form his Memorials and Requisitions to the Treasury, and to issue his Drafts on the Bank as aforesaid, according to the said Accounts.

XX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the several Allowances now borne or hereafter to be borne on the Regimental Establishments shall be made; namely, the Allowances to Captains of Troops and Companies, and to certain Field Officers not having Troops or Companies; the Allowance for the Use of the Riding Masters and Rough Riders, and for immediate Expences relating to the same; the extra Allowances for Farriery, and the Allowances for Great Coats; for which said Allowances the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces shall, and he is hereby directed and required to form his Memorials and Requisitions, and to issue his Drafts as aforesaid, as soon after the Twenty fourth Day of June and the Twenty fifth Day of December in every Year as the same can conveniently be done, in

equal

153

A.D. 1805.45° GEO. III. C. 58.

equal Payments, and to charge the same to the Account of each Corps as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Agents of all Regiments, Troops and Companies of His Majesty's Regular and Fencible Forces and embodied Militia shall and they are hereby directed and required to make up annual Accounts of every Regiment, Troop and Company for the preceding Year, ending the Twenty fourth Day of December in every Year; the Accounts of the Forces and Militia serving in Great Britain to be made up within Six Months after the Expiration of the Year, and the Accounts of the several Corps on Foreign Service within Nine Months after the Expiration of the Year, unless the Pay Lists from those on Foreign Service shall not have been received and settled, so as to enable the Agents to make up such Accounts; and in the said Accounts the several Imprests or Monies received, including every Receipt which ought to be brought to the Credit of the Public, in the Accounts of the respective Corps, and the several Disbursements of Monies paid, including Agency, shall be properly distinguished under the several Heads of Service; and the Balance which shall be due to or from the Public on account of every Regiment, Troop and Company shall be struck; and such Agents shall transmit the said Accounts within the Times limited as aforesaid, together with proper Vouchers, agreeably to the present Standing Regulations, or any future Regulations which His Majesty shall be pleased to establish, to the Office of the Secretary at War, and a Copy Khereof to the Office of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces; and on Failure herein, or in any other of the Regulations prescribed to Agents by this Act, every Agent so offending shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds for every Offence, to be recovered by any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same; and the Secretary at War, or such other Person or Persons as shall be duly authorized by His Majesty for that Purpose, shall, and he pr they is or are hereby directed and required to examine and settle, or cause to be examined and settled, the aforesaid annual Accounts, within Three Months after the Receipt of the said Accounts respectively, and when settled, to transmit Certificates of the several Charges allowed in the sard Accounts, to the Office of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, with Warrants signed by His Majesty, directing and authorizing the said Paymaster General to form Memorials and Requisitions, and to issue his Drafts as aforesaid, for the Balance or Net Monies due to each Regiment, Troop and Company of His Majesty's Regular Forces and embodied Militia for Clearings, and to charge the same to the Account of the said Regiment, Troop and Company; and the said Warrants shall authorize and direct the Paymaster General to make the Excess which shall arise upon the several Establishments, after deducting therefrom the Monies so disbursed and paid as aforesaid, a Saving, and to carry it to the Credit of the Public, and to charge every Deficiency which shall arise from the several Establishments not being able to discharge the Disbursements paid on Account as aforesaid, to the general Account of Contingencies, or to such other Fund as may be applicable thereto.

Agents to make up Accounts of their Regiments, annually to 24th December and transmit them to Secretary at War and Paymaster General’s Offices.

Penalty 1001.

Secretary at War to examine and settle such Accounts within Three Months, and transmit Certificates and Warrants to Paymaster.

Application of Excess and Charge of Deficiency.

154.

C. 58.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Agents to pay their Balances into the Bank on Requisition of the Paymaster within One Month; or the same shall be recoverable as a Debt on Record.

Agents, for more than One Regiment, to annually transmit Abstract of all Accounts, to shew the General Balance due to or from him, &c.

All Monies payable to Paymaster General, to be paid into the Bank.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That whenever a Balance

shall in any Agent's Account so to be transmitted as aforesaid be admitted to be due to the Public, and also whenever it shall appear from the Warrants so transmitted to the Paymaster General, that a Balance is due to the Public from any Agent on any of his Accounts aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Paymaster General for the time being to require such Agent forthwith to pay such Balance into the Bank of England, to the Account of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, of which Payments, Certificate shall be granted to the Parties making the same, by the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, and the said Certificate shall be a sufficient Discharge to the said Parties for the Sums expressed therein; and in case such Agent shall for the Space of One Calendar Month after being required so to do, refuse or neglect to pay such Balance into the Bank of England as aforesaid, the Amount of the Balance so admitted to be due by such Agent, or so appearing due from the said Warrant, shall from the Time of such Requisition be deemed and considered to be a Debt to His Majesty on Record, and be recoverable as such by His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with full Costs of Suit, and all other Charges attending the same, by the like Process as by the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom wherein such Agent shall reside, any Debt to His Majesty arising within the same may be recovered. [See § 24. 'post.']

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Person shall be Agent for more tbihi One Regiment, Troop or Company, by reason whereof it may happen that a Balance may be due from such Agent to the Public on Account of some or One of such Regiments, Troops or Companies, and a Balance may be due from the Public to such Agent on Account of others of them, every such Agent shall and he is hereby required annually to transmit to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, together with the Copy of his annual Accounts hereby required to be transmitted, a general Abstract thereof, including all the Regiments, Troops or Companies for which he is Agent, in order that it may appear to the Satisfaction of the Paymaster General, whether, upon the Whole of such Accounts, a Balance shall be due to or from the Public; and in every Case in which such Abstract as by this Act is required shall be transmitted, it shall not be lawful for the Paymaster General to require such Agent to pay into the Bank of England, a Sum greater on the Whole on the Account of such Balances which may be due from him on Account of the respective Regiments, Troops or Companies for which he is Agent, than shall appear to be in his Hands upon the Whole of the said Accounts:Provided always, that so long as any such Balance shall remain due from such Agent to the Public on the Whole of the said Accounts, no Monies shall be issued by the Paymaster General to such Agent, on Account of any Regiment, Troop or Company.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Monies whatever which may at any Time become payable by any Person or Persons whomsoever to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, shall be paid into the Bank of England, to the Account of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, and Certificate of

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 58. 155

such Payments, which shall be sufficient Discharges to the Persons paying such Money, shall be granted in like Manner as is herein directed in Cases of Balances paid by Agents into the Bank of England; and all Monies when so paid into the Bank of,

as well by Agents or any other Person or Persons, shall be placed to the same Account, and be drawn for in the same Manner, as if the same had been issued from the Exchequer in pursuance of any Memorial presented by the Paymaster General, according to the Directions of this Act.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War, and also for the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, whenever they shall think fit, to require any Agent or Agents to make up in the Course of any Year such Account or Accounts as the Secretary at War, or the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, may have Occasion for, and also to require any Person or Persons who shall have been an Agent or Agents, but who shall have ceased to be such, or the Representatives of such Agent or Agents, to make up and transmit such Accounts for the Whole or any Part of the Periods during which he or they shall have been an Agent or Agents, and which shall not have been finally settled, as the Secretary at War or Paymaster General ma}^ have occasion for; and any such Agent or Agents, or Person or Persons having been an Agent or Agents, or the Representatives of any such Agent or Agents, refusing Obedience to such Requisition or Requisitions, or neglecting for the space of Three Calendar Months after the same shall have been made to obey the same, shall for every Offence be liable to the like Penalty, and to be recoverable in the like Manner as is hereinbefore provided in case-~ef Failure to transmit such annual Accounts as aforesaid: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend to exonerate the Colonel or Commandant of any Regiment, Troop or Company, or the Representatives of any such Colonel or Commandant, from any Responsibility to which he or they is or are or may be liable, for any Failure or Deficiency of the respective Agents of such Regiments, Troops or Companies.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That this Act shall not extend or be construed to extend to the making any Alteration in the present Mode or Regulation of the Two Regiments of Life Guards, the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, or the Three Regiments of Foot Guards, but the same shall continue in the Practice of the same Mode and Regulations as they would otherwise have done had this Act not been made.

[<Scc 48 G.3. c. 49. This Act amended as to examining and

paying of Assignments for Clothing the Forces, 50 G. 3. c. 107.

§ 1. See 53 G.3. c. 100.

Agents to make up such Accounts as Secretary at War or Paymaster General may require.

Neglect.

[Penalty.]

Proviso for Life Guards, &c.

156

C. 59.

45° GEO. III.

A.D. 1805.

35 G.3. c. 29. (I.) §30, &c. 4 6, &c.

Persons possessing a freehold under 201. not arising from a Rent Charge, to register the same on Oath.

Form of Oath.

CAP. LIX.

An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, so far as relates to Freeholds under the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds; and for making further and other Regulations relating thereto.

[27th June 1805.]

‘ X WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland < in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for regulating the e Election of Members to serve in Parliament, and for repealing the several Acts therein mentioned, it is enacted, that no Person shall be admitted to vote at any Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, by virtue of a Freehold under the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds, unless such Freehold shall have been in his actual Occupation, either by his residing thereon, or tilling or grazing the same to the Amount of Forty Shillings yearly Value thereof, at the Time of his registering the same pursuant to the Provisions of the said Act, and also for Six successive Calendar Months at the least between the Date of such Registry and the Teste of the Writ for holding the Election, unless such Freehold shall have come to such Person by Devise, Descent, 4 Marriage, or Marriage Settlement, and was demised at the Time it so came, and continued at the Time of such Election to be held under him by virtue of such Demise: And Whereas the aforesaid wholesome Provisions of the said recited Act may be evaded by pretended Grants of or Agreements for Leases for a 4 Life or Lives, though no Lease shall have been executed, or such Life or Lives been nominated Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person who, from and after the passing of this Act, shall register a Freehold under the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds, not arising from a Rent Charge, shall register the same in Manner and Form following, instead of registering it in Manner and Form prescribed by said recited Act, or any Law or Laws now in force; (that is to say,) he shall at a Sessions of the Peace for the County, County of a Town or City, wherein his Freehold lies, held Twelve Months at the least previous to the Teste of the Writ for holding’ the Election at which he shall tender his Vote, produce in open Court the Deed, Lease or Instrument under which his Freehold arises, and take and subscribe the following Oath, or, if a Quaker, the following Affirmation:

4 T A.B.of in the County of

4 [or, of the County of the City, or, Town of

as the Case may be], do swear, [fa Quaker, affirm,] That I 4 am a Freeholder of the County of and that

4 I have a Freehold therein, arising from [an House or Houses, 4 Land, or both, or other Hereditaments, as the Case may be], of the clear yearly Value of Forty Shillings at the least above all

4 Charges

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 59.

157

4 Charges payable out of the same, lying and being at

* [naming the Townland or Townlands, or other by

4 \which the Place is generally known, and Barony or Half Barony;

or Baronies or Half Baronies therein it is in this County,

4 [and if in a City or Town, or County of a City or Town, naming

the same, and the Street, and Square, Row, Alley, Lane or and that the said Freehold does not arise from a Rent Charge;

and that the same arises by virtue of the Deed, Lease or Instrument which I now produce, bearing Date the Day of in the Year for

the Life or Lives of A.B. and C, D. [or in case the said Freehold be not for Life or Lives, then stating the Nature of his Tenure, as the Case may be], at the yearly Rent of; and

that I am in the actual Occupation thereof, by residing thereon,

or by tilling, or by grazing, or by both tilling and grazing [a$ the Case may be], to the Amount of at least Forty Shillings yearly Value thereof; and that the said Freehold is not set or agreed to be set to the Person or Persons who executed the said Deed,

4 Lease or Instrument, or to the Heirs or Assigns of such Person or Persons, or to any one in Trust for him, her or them, nor do 4 I intend to set the same to such Person or Persons, or any of them; and that I have not agreed to set it for the Term for which

* I hold it; nor have I procured it fraudulently, or in Exchange for a Freehold in any other County. 4 So help me GOD. ’

And if the Freehold in right or virtue whereof any Person shall Freeholds not

desire to qualify himself to vote shall not arise by virtue of a Deed, arising by

Lease or Instrument, the Person desiring to register it shall de- Deed, &c. to be

scribe the same in the Oath or Affirmation so to be taken by him, q^1)C

according to the true State and Nature of his Tenure; in which

Case the Words in the foregoing Oath, importing that the same

arises by virtue of Deed, Lease or Instrument, shall be omitted,

and such Description inserted in the Place thereof. [See § 6.

post.]

II. And be it enacted, That every such Oath or Affirmation Oath recorded, shall be read aloud in open Court, and be signed by Two at least

of the Justices presiding there; and shall be then delivered by the Court to the acting Clerk of the Peace, to be filed and kept amongst the Records of the County, County of a City or Town, wherein such Freehold shall lie. [See 57 3. c. 131. §24.]

III. And be it further enacted, That every Deed, Lease or In- Deed, &c. so strument produced by any Person making the Affidavit or Affirm- produced, shall ation aforesaid, shall be indorsed at the Time in open Court by be parked and the acting Clerk of the Peace, with his Name and the Day of the reSistere<k Month and Year; and the Clerk of the Peace shall then and there

compare the Deed, Lease or Instrument with the Affidavit of Registry; and he shall within Ten Days from the Date thereof, enter in the Book of his Registry the Date thereof, the Names of the Parties, and the Name or Names of the Life or Lives for which the same is held.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty Persons not to ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nine, no vote for such Person shall be admitted to vote at any Election to be held in - Freehold unless land for a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, by virtue ^Sls|e^ed

of a Freehold under the clear yearly Value of Twenty Pounds, Mouths,

who

158

C. 59.

45" GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Oa voting they shall state Particulars of Freehold, on Oath if required.

Form of Oath.

Additional Form of Oath, if required.

who shall not have so registered his Freehold Twelve Calendar Months at the least before the Teste of the Writ for holding the Election at which he shall offer his Vote; and that every Person who shall offer to vote as a Freeholder, in right of a Freehold under the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds, shall, before he shall be admitted to poll at any Election, if required by the Sheriff or any Elector, - declare upon Oath from whom he holds or derives his Freehold, if he holds it under any Person or Persons; and if the same be situate in a City, Town Corporate or Market Town, and describe the Street or Part of the City or Town in which the same is situate, and who are his next resident Neighbours, and when the same was granted, and for yhat Life or Lives, and whether such Life or Lives, or any of them, is or are in being at the Time of such Election; and whether he is the Person who actually registered the Freehold under which he desires to vote; and the said Declarations, in all such Cases, shall be entered in the Poll Book taken by the Sheriffs, or their Deputies, at such Election; and he shall, if so required by any Elector, before he be admitted to poll, take the following Oath:

I A.B. of in the County of

4 9 [or, of the Town or City of ], do swear

4 [.or, if a Quaker, do affirm], That I am a Freeholder of this County; and that I have a Freehold therein arising from a 4 House or Houses, Land, or both, or other Hereditament [as the Case may be~\, of the yearly Value of Forty Shillings at the least,

above all Charges payable out of the same, lying and being at in the Barony or Baronies, Half Barony or

4 Half Baronies of in this County; [in a

4 City or Town, or County of a City or Town, naming the,

and the Street, Square, Row, Alley,; ] and that the said Freehold does not arise from a Rent Charge.

'So help me GOD. ’

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Candidate or Elector shall desire the Words following to be added, 4 And that the same arises by virtue of a Deed, Lease or Instrument [or otherwise, as the Case may ], bearing Date the Day of in the Year for

the Life or Lives of; and that the said

4 One of the aforesaid Lives, is still alive to the

best of my Knowledge and Belief [unless he is himself One of the Lives, in which Case he shall swear, that I am One of the Lives therein, instead of the Words, that the said One of the aforesaid Lives is still alive, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief; ’] [or in case the said Freehold be not for Life or Lives, then stating the Nature of his Tenure,] or the Words following, 4 And that I have been in the actual Occupation thereof for Twelve successive Calendar Months, between 4 [naming the Day he registered the same, '] and

4 [naming the Date of the Teste of the Writ

for holding this Election], by residing thereon, or by tilling, and by grazing, or by both tilling and grazing, [as the Case may 4 be,] to the Amount of at least Forty Shillings yearly Value thereof, [as the Case may be] or the Words following, 4 And

that

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 59.

159

* that the said Freehold is not set, or agreed to be set, to the < Person or Persons who executed the said Deed, Lease or Instru-‘ ment, or to the Heirs or Assigns of such Person or Persons, or to any One in Trust for him or them; nor do I intend to set the

* same to such Person or Persons, or any of them; and that I 4 have not set it, or agreed to set it, for the Term for which I 4 hold it; and that I have not been polled before at this Election; and that I am, to the best of my Belief, of the Age of Twenty one Yearsthe same shall, or so much thereof as shall be so lesired, shall be added to the said Oath or Affirmation, before the Person offering to vote shall be admitted to poll.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Blanks in the said Oath or Affirmation shall be filled up in Conformity to the Oath or Affirmation which the Person going to take the same shall have taken at the Time of his registering such Freehold.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the commencement of this Act, all the Provisions, Clauses, Conditions, Regulations and Penalties of the said recited Acts, or any Acts amending the same, with respect to Freeholds, under the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds, and which are not hereby altered or repealed, shall be applied, construed, deemed and taken to extend to Freeholds under the Value of Twenty Pounds, the Registry whereof is by this Act directed and required, as fully and effectually as if the same were hereby and herein specifically enacted and applied thereto.

VIII. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall fraudulently and knowingly grant any Interest importing to be a Freehold, which really is not so, with Intent to enable any Person to vote, such Grant shall be good and valid against the Grantor thereof for every Purpose but enabling the Grantee to vote.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if such Grantor shall be possessed only of a Term of Years therein, and shall demise the same, or any Part thereof, for a Life or Lives, with Intent to induce the Lessee therein to register such as a Freehold, or to vote as a Freeholder thereout, he shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same by Action, Bill, Plaint or Information in any Court of Law.

X. And, for the better securing the Performance of the Duties hereby and by the said in Part recited Act, or by any other Act 4 or Acts directed to be performed by the Clerk of the Peace or ‘ his Deputy, in respect to the Registry of Freeholds; Be it further enacted, That the several Clerks of the Peace or their Deputies, of the several Counties of, shall at the General

Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, next after the passing of this Act, or at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof next after his Appointment, take and subscribe an Oath in the Form following; and which Oath the Justices presiding at the said Session are hereby directed and empowered to administer:

‘ J A.B.Clerk or Deputy Clerk of the Peace for the County of

4’[as the Case may be~\, do swear that I will

i faithfully and honestly, and without Favour or Affection, perform and discharge the several Duties directed to be performed

‘ by

Oath in Conformity with that on Registry.

Former Acta extended to this.

Grants of fraudulent Freeholds valid against Grantor.

Fraudulent

Grantors.

Penalty 1001.

Oath of Clerk of Peace for Performance of Acts.

160

C. 59.

* 5° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

35 G.3. c. 29.

Copies of Registers shall be given by Clerk of Peace. (See Schedule.)

Adjournments and Lapse of Sessions.

Perjury and Subornation.

[Penalty.]

‘ by the Clerks and Deputy Clerks of the Peace, by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of

‘ His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, and, for repealing the several Acts therein mentioned; and by an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled [set forth the Title of this Act]; and that I will not demand or receive any Fee or Fees, for discharging any of the said Duties, which I am not entitled to by Law. 4 So help me GOD. ’

And which Oath the said Clerks and Deputy Clerks of the Peace are hereby required to deliver to the Treasurer of the County, to preserve amongst his Records of the County.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said several and respective Clerks and Deputy Clerks of the Peace shall from time to time, as directed by the said in Part recited Act of the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, give to every Freeholder who shall require the same, a full, true and correct Return of the Names of all such Persons as shall register their Freeholds according to the Directions of this Act and of the said Act of the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and shall certify at the Foot thereof that the said Return so made is true and correct, according to the Schedule hereunto annexed.

44 Persons having registered Freeholds before 1st August 1805, 44 under existing Acts, may vote at any Election previous to 44 29th September 1809, on producing their Deed. § 12. [Exp.']

XIII. And, for the greater Convenience of registering Freeholds; ’ Be it enacted, That every Adjournment of a Sessions of the Peace, and every Adjournment of an Adjournment, shall be deemed a Sessions of the Peace within the Meaning of the said Act and this present Act; and in case there shall have been no Adjournment of such Sessions, or no Adjournment of an Adjournment of such Sessions, and that such Sessions shall in that case lapse, a Sessions shall be holden at which the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy shall and is hereby required to attend, for the Purpose of registering of Freeholders, the First Monday in the next Month, at the Place where the last General Sessions of the Peace shall have been held for the Purpose of registering Freeholders; and every Adjournment of every such Sessions to any City or Market Town within the County shall be deemed and taken to be a Sessions within the Meaning of the said Act or this present Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, in taking any Oath or Affirmation hereinbefore appointed or authorized to be taken at any Registry, or before any Returning Officer or Officers, shall thereby commit wilful Perjury, and be thereof convicted, or if any Person shall unlawfully and corruptly procure or suborn any other Person to take any such Oath or Affirmation, whereby he or such Person or Persons shall commit such wilful Perjury, and shall be thereof convicted, he or such Person or Persons so offending shall incur such Pains and Penalties as are inflicted by any Act or Acts for the more effectual preventing and further Punishment of Perjury and Subornation of Perjury.

21 SCHE-

161

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 59 — 63,

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Name of Freeholder and Residence. Name of Landlord and Residence. Value of Freehold. Description. 1 Situation, j Barony or Half Barony. Names of Life or Lives or other Tenure. c QJ Ph Date of Registry.

1

\_See51 G.3. c. 77- § 1, 2. — 1 G. 4. c. 11. § 38.] CAP. LX.

An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern EXP. Officers of the Militia in Great Bri, while disembodied.

[27th 1805.]

[Continuance of Act, 25th March 1805. § 10.]

CAP. LXI.

An Act to revive and further continue, until the Twenty fifth EXP. Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six, and

amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session

of Parliament.

[27th June 1805.]

[39 fy40 G.3. c. 44.]

CAP. LXII.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of EXP. the Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and five.

[27th June 1805.]

CAP. LXIII.

An Act for defraying, until the 25th Day of March One thou- EXP. sand eight hundred and six, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Irelands for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.

[27th June 1805.]

45 Geo. III.

M

162

C. 64.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 99.

Lord Lieutenant empowered to dispose of the unapplied Part of 60001. herein mentioned, for Improvement of Harbours.

Upon Application Lord Lieutenant empowered to order Treasury to advance One Moiety of Sum required for improving any Harbour ppon Estimate, and

CAP. LXIV.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty first Year of His present Majesty, for granting Bounties for taking and bringing Fish to the Cities o and Westminster, and

other Places in the United Kingdom.

[27th June 1805.] 4 WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom in the Forty first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting Bounties 4taking and bringing Fish to the Cities of London and Westminster, and other Places in the United, the Lords Coni-

missioners of His Majesty's Treasury were empowered, for the Purpose of encouraging and promoting a Supply of fresh Fish, 4 to give and grant certain Premiums, Sums of Money and Bounties, to Persons taking and bringing Fish to the Markets of any City, Town or Port in the United Kingdom, and to apply any such Sum or Sums of Money they should think necessary, in the Payment of any Expences incurred in the promoting and encouraging an Increase of the Supply of Fish; provided that such Bounties, Premiums and other Sums of Money should not in the Whole exceed the Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds: And 4 Whereas, in pursuance of the said Act, the Sum of Six thousand Pounds has been paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer of land, for the Purposes of the said Act, but the greater Part thereof has not yet been applied to the said Purposes; and it is expedient that the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, should be enabled and empowered to direct the Disposal of so much of the said Sum 4 of Six thousand Pounds as remains unapplied, for the Encouragement of the Fisheries and Navigation on the Coasts of Ireland in Manner hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to give and grant the said Sum, or any Part thereof, for the Purpose of assisting any Person or Persons in enlarging, improving or rendering more secure any Harbour or Harbours on the said Coasts, fit and proper for the Reception of Fishing Vessels or other Vessels arriving on the said Coasts, for the Purpose of purchasing Fish caught or cured upon the said Coasts, as the said Lord Lieutenant shall in his Discretion see fit, and in ^Manner hereinafter directed, and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall, on any Application made for that Purpose, be of Opinion that it is fit and proper that any Harbour or Harbours should be so enlarged or improved on any Part of the said Coast, and any Person or Persons shall be desirous of making, enlarging or improving the same, with the Assistance of such Sums of Money as may be given or granted as aforesaid, a Plan and Survey of such Harbour shall be laid before the said Lord Lieutenant, or

other

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. ' C. 64, 65. 163

other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, Security for orhis or their Chief Secretary, and also an Estimate of the Ex- Payment of the pence of making, enlarging or improving the same, which Survey other Moiety by and Estimate shall be verified by the Oath of the Party making ie pp lqant» the same; and if such Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall approve of the said Plan or Survey and Estimate; and if and so soon as a Sum equal to One Moiety of the Expence so estimated for making, enlarging or improving any such Harbour, shall be paid or secured to be paid to the Satisfaction of the said Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or his or their Chief Secretary, and also Security given to the Satisfaction of the said Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or his or their Chief Secretary, that the Person or Persons paying the said Sum, or securing the same to be paid, will further bear and defray all such further an(i for Pay-Expences beyond such estimated Expence as shall be necessary ment of Ex-to complete the enlarging or improving of the said Harbour, ac- Perices beyond cording to such Plan and Estimate, it shall and may be lawful for ^timated the said Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors x Pence* of Ireland for the time being, to order and direct the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of, to

issue and pay a Sum of Money equal to One Moiety of the Expence so estimated, to be paid and applied for the Purpose of making, enlarging or improving such Harbour, in such Sums, and at such Times, and in such Manner and Proportions, and under such Rules, Regulations, Terms and Conditions, and to annex any such Forfeitures for Breach of such Rules, Regulations, Terms and Conditions, as such Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall seem best suited to the promoting the beneficial Purposes of this Act; and the enlarging and improving such Harbours shall be forthwith proceeded on and completed agreeably to such Plan and Survey, or to such other Plan as may, upon subsequent Consideration, be approved of by the said Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, so that the Execution thereof shall not exceed the said estimated Expence.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the actual Ex- Expence expence of enlarging or improving any such Harbour shall exceed ceeding Esti-the estimated Expence, all such Excess of Expence shall be de-

frayed by the Person or Persons who shall have given the Security herein directed.

CAP. LXV.

An Act to continue until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and six, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites and Emoluments, which are or have been lately received in the several public Offices in, therein

mentioned; to examine into any Abuses which may exist

M2 in

164-

C. 65, 66.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

6G^3. c. 48. §4.

9G.S. c. 41. §S. extending 6 G. 3. c. 48.

in the same; and into the present Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing and accounting for public Money in land.

[27th June 1805.]

t Continued, 51 G.3. c. 81. and until 1st January 1814.

53 G.3. c. 130.; but no Jiirther Continuation .]

CAP. LXVI.

An Act prevent in Gi'eat Britain the illegally carrying away Bark; and for amending Two Acts, passed in the Sixth and Ninth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for the Preservation of Timber Trees, Underwoods, Roots, Shrubs, Plants, Hollies, Thorns and Quicksets.

[27th June 1805.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of His pre-

* sent Majesty's Reign, for the better Preservation of Tim-‘ ber Trees, and of Woods and Underwoods, and for the further

* Preservation of Roots, Shrubs and Plants, it was enacted, that

* all and every Person and Persons, who, from and after the

* Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty

* six, should go into the Woods, Underwoods or Wood Grounds

* of any of His Majesty's Subjects, not being the lawful Owner or ‘ Owners thereof, and should there cut, lop, top or spoil, split ‘ down or damage, or otherwise destroy any Kind of Wood or ‘ Underwood, Poles, Sticks of Wood, Green Stubs or young Trees, ‘ or carry and convey away the same, or should have in his, her ‘ or their Custody any Kind of Wood or Underwood, Poles, Sticks ‘ of Wood, Green Stubs or young Trees, and should not give a ‘ satisfactory Account how he, she or they came by the same, and should be thereof convicted before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, should for the First Offence forfeit and ‘ pay, immediately on Conviction, any Sum not exceeding the Sum

* of Forty Shillings, together with the Charges previous to and attending such Conviction, to be ascertained by the said Justice

* or Justices who should convict the Offender or Offenders; and ‘ if any Person or Persons should commit any of the Offences aforesaid a Second Time, and should be thereof again convicted in ‘ Manner aforesaid, he, she or they should forfeit and pay any ‘ Sum not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, together with the

* Charges previous to and attending such Conviction, to be ascertained as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons should commit

any of the Offences aforesaid a Third Time, that then such Person and Persons, being duly convicted thereof according to Law, 4 should be deemed and adjudged an incorrigible Rogue or Rogues, 1 and should be punished as such: And Whereas by another Act

* passed in the Ninth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, for the

better Preservation of Hollies, Thorns and Quicksets, in Forests,

* Chases and private Grounds, and of Trees and Underwoods in Forests and Chases, it was enacted, that, from and after the First

Day of July One thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, the said Clause made in the said Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and all and every the Penalties, Forfeitures and

4 Punish-

A.D. 1805. 45° liLO. HI.

L. 66.

100

‘ Punishments thereby inflicted, and all other Provisions, Clauses,

‘ Matters and Things relating thereto, should extend, and should be

* deemed, taken and construed to extend, and should be applied and

* put in Execution in relation to all His Majesty's Forests and Chases ‘ within this Realm, and to all and every Person or Persons who ‘ should, without legal Right or Authority, by Night or Day, cut ‘ down, destroy, take, carry or convey away any Hollies, Thorns ‘ or Quicksets growing or being upon any of His Majesty's said ‘ Forests or Chases, or within the Woods or Wood Grounds of any < of His Majesty's Subjects, or who should have in his, her or

‘ their Custody or Possession any such Hollies, Thorns or Quick-

* sets, and should not give a satisfactory Account how he, she or

* they came by the same, and should be thereof convicted before ‘ any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in the ‘ Manner prescribed and directed by the said Act, and such Jus-

* tice or Justices is or are thereby authorized to administer Oaths,

‘ and proceed in the like Manner for the Conviction and Punishment of every Offender in the Premises, as fully and effectually,

‘ to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Provisions in the ‘ said Act had been therein particularly repeated and applied to ‘ the Offences thereinbefore specified: And Whereas great Quan-‘ tities of Bark have of late been taken and carried away from out ‘ of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Chases, by Persons not

* having legal Right or Authority to take and carry away the same,

‘ and it is proper to prevent such Evil Practices and Abuses for ‘ the future; and it is expedient also to extend the Provisions ‘ of the said Acts, to all Woods and Wood Grounds belonging to ‘ His Majesty, as well in Right of his Duchy of Lancaster as ‘ otherwiseTherefore be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and b}^ the Authority of the same, That, from and after provisions of the passing of this Act, the aforesaid Clauses in the said recited recited Acts Acts, and all and every the Penalties, Forfeitures and Punishments extended to all thereby inflicted, and all other Provisions, Matters and Things re- Woods belong-lating thereto, shall extend, and be deemed, taken and construed jy^'esty and to to extend, and shall be applied and put into Execution, in relation Persons takino- ' to all Woods and Wood Grounds belonging to His Majesty in away Bark from Great Britain, as well in Right of his Duchy of Lancaster as Woods of His otherwise, and whether such Woods or Wood Grounds shall be ^ajsty> «r any within any of His Majesty's Forests or Chases or not, and also or havfn^h^ to all and every Persons and Person who shall, without legal Right unlawfully in

or Authority, by Night or Day, take, carry or convey away any their Posses-Bark, being in any Forests or Chases, or Woods or Wood Grounds si°n. belonging to His Majesty, as well in Right of his Duchy of Lancaster as otherwise, or within the Woods or Wood Grounds of any of His Majesty's Subjects in Great Britain, or who shall have in his, her or their Custody or Possession any Bark, and shall not give a satisfactory Account how he, she or they came by the same, and shall be thereof convicted before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, in the Manner prescribed and directed by the said first recited Act; and such Justice or Justices is or are hereby authorized to administer Oaths, and proceed in the like Manner for the Conviction and Punishment, of every Offender

M 3 in

A DO

l; . t>8.

45u LtUjU. III. A.D. 1805.

in the Premises, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Provisions in the said first recited Act had been herein particularly repeated and applied to the Offences hereinbefore specified.

Conviction

II. And be it further enacted, That the Conviction and Combe certified to" yictions of all and every Offenders and Offender against this Act easions, shall be certified by the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom the same shall be made, to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be filed amongst the Records of the said Sessions; and that such Conviction shall be fairly written on Parchment or Paper, in the following Form of Words, or (as the Case shall happen) , in any other Form of Words to the like Effect; that is to say,

Form of Con- 1 "PE it remembered, That on the

viction. 1 to wit. j Day of in the Year

‘ A.B. was, upon the Complaint of C.D. convicted before

* of the Justices of the Peace for

* in pursuance of an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for

[as the Case shall be~]. Given under Hand and Seal, the

* Day and Year above written. ’

No Certiorari.

After more than Three Offences, Offenders punished as incorrigible Rogues.

Which said Conviction shall be good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes, and shall not be quashed, set aside or adjudged void or insufficient, for want of any Form or Words whatsoever, nor be liable to be removed by Certiorari into His Majesty's Court of King’s Bench, but shall be deemed and taken to be final to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall commit any of the said Offences specified in the said recited Acts or this Act more than Three Times, and shall be thereof convicted before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, in the Manner prescribed and directed by the said first recited Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, committed subsequent to the Third Offence, be deemed and adjudged an incorrigible Rogue or Rogues, and shall be punished as such.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty on Spanish Red Wine imported into Great Britain.

[27th June 1805.]

[See as to Ireland, c. 107. p. — Duty made to, see

59 G. 3. c. 52. §1.]

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act for making perpetual and amending several Laws for encouraging the making of Sail Cloth in and securing the Duties on Foreign Sail Cloth imported; and for making perpetual several Laws for permitting the Exportation of a certain Quantity of Corn and Grain to

A.JJ.1805.

4hv UJLU. 111.

L. DO.

JL KJ i

regulating the Fees

Guernsey, Jersey and Alderney; and for of Officers of the Customs, and of Naval Officers in the British Colonies in America, and of the Officers of the Customs in Newfoundland.

[27th 1805.]

WHEREAS the several Laws and Parts of Laws hereinafter mentioned have been found beneficial and are near expiring; and it is expedient that the same should be‘made per- petual Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much and 12 Anne, st I. such Parts of an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of c-16* § 2>3-Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the better mat*e perpetua . Encouragement of the 4nahing of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; and which was to continue in force for Seven Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which was further continued by several subsequent Acts of Parliament: and lastly by an Act made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was continued until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and four, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament; as relate to the Bounty of One Penny for every Ell of British made Sail Cloth or Canvass exported out of Great Britain by way of Merchandize, and also so much and such Parts of the said recited Act as relate to the Penalty thereby imposed for every Ell of British made Sail Cloth brought back or relanded in Great Britain, shall be and the same is hereby made perpetual.

II. And be it further enacted, That an Act made in the Ninth 9G.2. c. 37.

Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An (amended by Act for further encouraging and regulating the Manufacture ^c*ios

British Sail Cloth, and for the more effectual securing the Duties 39 & 40 G. 3.

not0 payable on Foreign Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom; § 4.

which was to continue in force from the Twenty fourth Day of made perpetual. June One thousand seven hundred and thirty six for the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which was further continued by several subsequent Acts of Parliament until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand seven hundred and ninety two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and by another Act made in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was amended and further continued until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand seven hundred and ninety five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by Two subsequent Acts made in the Thirty sixth and Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign was further continued until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be and the same, as so amended, is hereby made perpetual.

III. And be it further enacted, That an Act made in the Nine-

teenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more effectual securing the Duties

19G.2. c. 27. (continued by 39 & 40 G. 3.

no tv payable on Foreign made Sail Cloth imported into this -

dom,

jloc>

\J. DO.

UribU. ill.

A.D. 1805.

cept Provisions dom, and for charging all Foreign made Sails with a Duty, and

relating to jor explaining a Doubt concerning Ships being obliged at their first P^Anne^stT setting out to Sea. to be furnished with One complete Set cfl6nne’b’made of British Sail Cloth, and which was to continue in force for the Term of Seven Years from the Twenty fourth Day of One thousand seven hundred and forty six, and which was further continued by several Acts of Parliament, and lastly by an Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, (except in so far as any of the Provisions thereof relate to the Duties granted by the said Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne upon Foreign Sails imported into Great, and whteh have by subsequent

Laws been repealed and other Duties granted in lieu thereof,) shall be and the same is hereby made perpetual: Provided always, that all and every the Provisions of the said Act of the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, which relate to the said Duties granted by the said Act of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, shall, in so far as the same are applicable, be applied and put in force in relation to any Duties now payable in respect of Foreign Sail Cloth imported into Great.

43 G. 3-c.l05.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Act made in the Forty made perpetual, third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to permit the Exportation for Two Years of a certain Quantity of Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit or Pulse, to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey and Alderney, other Ports England,

as well ast he Port of Southampton, under certain Restrictions, and which Act will expire on the Twenty seventh Day of One thousand eight hundred and five, shall be and the same is hereby made perpetual.

10 G.3. c. 37. V. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act made in

§ 2. andl6 G.3. the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as relates to c. 47. § 3. (both regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs, and of the 39 & 40G 3^ Naval Officers of the British Colonies in America, which was to c 45. §6.) be *n force from the First Day of August One thousand seven made perpetual, hundred and seventy for the Term of Two Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament and which by Four Acts made in the Twelfth, Fourteenth, Nineteenth and Twenty third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the Ninth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and also so much of an Act made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign as relates to the Fees of the Officers of the Customs in the Island of Newfoundland, which was to continue in force so long aS the Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, and which was revived and continued by an Act of the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and further continued by an Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty until the Ninth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be and the same are hereby made perpetual.

as to, 46 G. c. 97. § 4.]

A.D. 1805.

45° GEO. III. C. 69.

169

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for vesting in the Barrack Master General for the time being, Estates, held or occupied for the Barrack Service; and authorizing him to sell the same, with the Consent of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

[27th June 1805.]

‘ TI7 WHEREAS it is expedient that the Messuages, Lands, Tene-‘ ments and Hereditaments, which have at various Times

* been purchased for the Service of the Barrack Department, or which are now held by or vested in the late Barrack Master

* General, or the present Barrack Master General, or any other ‘ Person or Persons for the Use of the said Service; and also that ‘ all Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which may ‘ hereafter be purchased for the said Service, should be vested in the Barrack Master General for the time being, and his Suc-‘ cessors in the said Office, in Trust for His Majesty, His Heirs and ‘ Successors, and for the Purposes of the said Service, or for such < other public Service or Services as His Majesty may from time ‘ to time direct: And Whereas it may become expedient, from ‘ time to time, to sell such of the said Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments now vested in the Barrack Master General, or ‘ any other Person or Persons, or which may hereafter be pur-‘ chased for the Service of the said Department, as may not be ‘ required for such Service, or for any other public Service or ‘ Services Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all and singular the Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which have been conveyed to or are now vested in Lieutenant General Oliver de Lancey late Barrack Master General, or Lieutenant General George Hevoett now Barrack Master General, or any other Person or Persons in Trust for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the Service of the Barrack Department, and all Erections and Buildings which now are or which shall be hereafter erected and built thereon, together with the Rights, Members, Easements and Appurtenances to the same respectively belonging, (other than and except such Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, as may be of Copyhold Tenure,) and, from and after the Purchase and Conveyance, Grant or Demise thereof, all other Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which shall at any Time or Times hereafter be purchased by the Barrack Master General for the time being, for the Service of the Barrack Department, and all Erections and Buildings, which now are or which shall be hereafter erected and built thereon, with the Rights, Members, Easements and Appurtenances to the same respectively belonging, shall be and become, and remain and continue vested in the Barrack Master General for the time being, and his Successors in the said Office, according to the Nature and Quality and Estate and Interest of and in the same Hereditaments and Premises respectively; and that upon the Death, Resignation or Removal of the present and every future Barrack Master General, all such Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments

All Premises (except Copy-holds) conveyed to the late and present Barrack Master General, &c. for the Barrack Department, and all other Premises hereafter to be purchased for that Department, shall be vested in the Barrack Master General for the time being, in Trust for His Majesty for public Purposes.

.t>y, 70, 71. 45u ULU. ill. A.D. 1805.

ditaments respectively (other than and except as aforesaid) shall become vested in and be held by the succeeding Barrack Master General, and so in perpetual Succession according to the Nature and Quality and Estate and Interest of and in the same respectively, in Trust for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the Service of the Barrack Department, or for such other public Service or Services as His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, shall from time to time be pleased to direct.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Barrack Master General for the time being, with the Consent and Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, (such Consent and Approbation to be certified by One of the Secretaries to the said Lords Commissioners, by Writing under his Hand and Seal,) to sell and dispose of any of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be vested in the said Barrack Master General for the time being, with their respective Appurtenances, either by public Auction or private Contract, and in due Form of Law to convey, assign and make over the same to any Person or Persons who shall be willing to purchase the same respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Monies to arise and be

produced by the Sale of any of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be sold under the Provisions of this present Act, shall be paid by the respective Purchaser or Purchasers thereof into the Bank of, and shall be there

placed to the Account of the Barrack Master General for the time being of His Majesty's Forces, or to such other Account in the Bank of England as the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, shall direct; and the Receipt of any One of the Cashiers of the Bank of England for such Monies shall effectually discharge the Purchaser or Purchasers by whom or on whose Account the same shall be so paid into the Bank of England.

[See 48 G.3. c. 122. — 3 4. c. 108.]

CAP. LXX.

An Act to rectify a Mistake in the Name of One of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament (a) , for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Public Expenditure, and the Conduct of Public Business, in the Military Departments therein mentioned.

[27th June 1805.]

(a) [C. 47. ante, Colonel Ferdinand Amelia Fairfax Beckwith, in the said Act called Frederick Bechwith.~\

CAP. LXXI.

An Act to amend the several Laws relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes.

[27th 1805.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the several Laws re-

* W lating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes in the Particulars herein

21 mentioned; ’

Barrack Master General with Consent of the Treasury may sell such Premises.

Money arising by such Sales shall be paid into the Bank, under Direction of the Treasury.

A.D. 1805. 45u CtEU. 111. 1.

* mentioned May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Account of the Monies received and paid by any Receiver General of the said Duties, or any of them, or by his Deputy or Deputies in,

which shall hereafter be transmitted to the Office for Taxes, according to the Usage thereof, shall be verified on the Oath or Oaths of such Receiver General, or his Deputy or Deputies, to the best of his or their Knowledge or Relief, which Oath may be administered by any Commissioner acting in the Execution of any of the Acts relating to the said Duties in the District where he shall so act; and such Oath shall be deemed to be of the like Force and Effect, to infer Pains and Penalties, as any Oath to be administered by Commissioners in any Matter relating to the Execution of the said Acts; saving always, to the Barons and Officers of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Engla?id, and the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, their Power respectively to administer such< Oaths according to ancient usage.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Duplicates of the Assessments directed by the said Acts to be sent and delivered by the respective Commissioners to the King’s Remembrancer in England, to be kept in His Majesty's Exchequer, shall hereafter be sent by them to, and delivered at the Office for Taxes, for the previous Inspection of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, who may cause Copies thereof, or any Part thereof, to be taken, and who shall afterwards transmit such Duplicates to the King’s Remembrancer for the Purposes mentioned in the said Acts; and if such Duplicates shall not be so delivered within the Time required by the respective Acts in that Behalf, the Clerk to the Commissioners who shall wilfully offend against the Provisions of this Act shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as any Penalty may be recovered and applied by any Act relating to the said Duties.

III. And Whereas by an Act, passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for pealing the several Duties under the Management of the -‘ missioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and granting Duties in

lieu thereof; for granting new Duties certain Cases therein

mentioned; for repealing the Duties of Excise on Licences, and on Carriages constructed by Coachm, and granting new -

ties thereon, under the Management of the said Commissioners for

the Affairs of Taxes; and also new Duties on Persons selling Carriages by Auction or on Commission; it is provided, that notwithstanding an)' Case transmitted to His Majesty's Judges at the Instance of an Appellant, the Instalment on the Assessment, as determined by the Commissioners, which shall become due, precedent to the Opinion being certified, shall be levied as if no such Case had been transmitted; and it is expedient that,

upon Reversal of such Determination, Power should be given to restore the Sums overpaid; ’ Be it further enacted, That, upon Proof given to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, of Payment of any Assessment which shall or ought to be reversed

according

17 1

Receiver General’s Accounts, in England, may be veriiied on Oath before Commissioners of District.

Duplicates of Assessments directed to be sent to the Remembrancer shall be sent to Tax Office, &c.

Neglect.

Penalty 501.

43 G.3. c §73.

Tax Office may order Receiver General to repay Money

172

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

overpaid on Assessments.

Tax Office may empower Receivers to set insuper and charge Counties for Arrears of Land Tax in certain Cases.

S8 G. 3, c. 5.

EXP.

C. 71, 72.

according to the Opinion of One of His Majesty's Judges, obtained and certified in pursuance of the said Act, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required to direct the Receiver General to whom the Receipt of such Monies shall appertain, to repay out of any Monies in his Hands so much as shall appear to the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes to have been overpaid on such Assessment; and the Order of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall be a sufficient Authority to such Receiver General for such Payment, and the same shall be allowed in his Accounts.

[43 G.3. 161.; ,

48 G.3. c. 55.

IV. And Whereas Receivers have in some Instances been

* prevented, and may hereafter be prevented, without any wilful ‘ Neglect or Default on their Part, from passing their Land Tax

* Accounts in the Exchequer within the Periods prescribed by

e Law, by reason whereof they would be unable to set or

charge the respective Counties, Divisions or Places, for which they are Receivers for any Monies which may be in arrear and unpaid, and would become answerable for such Monies in arrear;

* and it is expedient to provide Relief in such Cases; ’ Be it therefore enacted, That whenever it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any Three or more of them, that the Receiver of any County, Division or Place in England, hath been prevented by reason of correct and proper Duplicates of Land Tax not having been transmitted to him, or for any other Cause, not arising from his own wilful Neglect or Default from passing his Land Tax Accounts in the Exchequer, either for the Year ending the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, or for any subsequent Years, within the Periods prescribed by Law for passing Accounts of Land Tax by Receivers, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, by Writing under their Hands, to authorize and empower such Receiver to set insuper or charge such County, Division or Place, for any Monies granted by virtue of an Act, passed in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, which shall be in arrear and unpaid; and in every such Case it shall be lawful for such Receiver to set insuper and charge such County, Division or Place, for the Monies so in arrear and unpaid, in like Manner in all Respects, and such and the like Process may and shall thereupon issue for the Recovery thereof, as if such Accounts had been declared and passed in the Exchequer, within the Period prescribed by Law for passing Accounts of Land Tax by Receivers.

[See53 G.3. c. 142. §35.]

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty's Navy during the present War.

[27th June 1805.]

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 73.

173

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury to contract with certain Proprietors of Stock created by Two Acts, passed in the Thirty seventh and Forty second Years of His present Majesty, for granting other Annuities in lieu thereof, or to pay the same off at the period herein mentioned.

[27th June 1805.]

WHEREAS an Act, passed in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for (raising the Sum of Eighteen Millions of Annuities: And

4 Whereas an Act, passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting Annuities 42G.S. c. 8. 4 to satisfy certain Exchequer Bills, whereby certain Annuities were created, at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and were made Part of the Capital or Joint Stock of Annuities created by the said first recited Act: And Whereas ‘ it was by the said first recited Act enacted, that, after Two c Years from the End of the then present War and Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace thereupon, at any Period of Six 4 Months, ending on the Fifth Day of April or the Tenth Day of October in any Year, it should and might be lawful for any Contributor, his, her or their Executors or Administrators, Successors or Assigns, to make Application to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to have the said Annuities, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum thereby granted, redeemed or paid off, or converted into other Annuities, as thereinafter is mentioned, at his, her or their Election; and that after Six Months’ previous Notice of such his, her or their Intention, the said Annuities should be redeemed and paid off, or converted into such Annuities accordingly: And Whereas the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled did, on the Eighth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and ninety six, resolve that the Sum of Eighteen Millions be raised by Annuities; and did also resolve that every Contributor to the said Sum of Eighteen Millions should, for every One hundred Pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to the principal Sum of One hundred and twelve Pounds Ten Shillings in Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the Tenth Day of October One thousand seven hundred and ninety six, and to be irredeemable, unless with the Consent of the Proprietors thereof, until the Expiration of Three Years from the Period at which the existing Annuities,

after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per, should be redeemed and paid off, or the Interest payable thereon reduced;

that every Proprietor of the said Annuities, should, at his Desire, on Three Months’ Notice, be entitled at any Period of Time, not less than Two Years after the End of the then present War 4 and Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace thereupon, to have the said Annuities redeemed, either by the Payment of One hundred Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of such Annuities, or of One hundred and thirty three Pounds Six 4 Shillings and Eight Pence Capital in the Three Pounds Centum

m

C. 73.

4.5° GEO. III.

A.D. 1805.

Persons possessed of Stock in the Five per Cent. Annuities granted by recited Acts on signifying to the Bank, before Sept. 16, 1805, their Desire of taking the Benefit of this Act, shall be entitled to certain Annuities as herein mentioned.

Consolidated Annuities, at the Option of such Proprietor: And Whereas an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting additional Annuities to the prietors of Stock created by Acts, passed in the Thirty

seventh and Forty second Years of His present Majesty: And 4 Whereas certain of the Proprietors of Stock, created by the said Two first recited Acts have, in pursuance of the Provisions of the said last recited Act, taken Annuities granted by the said Act for such Stock: And Whereas an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for amending an passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting additional Annuities to the Proprietors of Stock created by Ttvo Acts, passed in the Thirty seventh and Forty second Years of His present

Majesty: And Whereas certain other Proprietors of Stock created by the said Two first recited Acts, have, in pursuance of the said last recited Act, taken Annuities granted by the said Act for such Stock: And Whereas certain of the other Proprietors of such Stock, to the Amount of One million two hundred fifty four thousand six hundred ninety six Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Nine Pence, did, on or before the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and five, signify to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England their Election to have the same paid off in Money on the Tenth Day 4 of October next: And Whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made for redeeming and paying off the said Annuities by converting the same into other Annuities at the Option of such Proprietors on certain Terms:’ May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, b)r and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Persons and Bodies Politic and Corporate, possessed of any Capital Stock in the Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, granted by the said recited Acts of the Thirty seventh and Forty second Years aforesaid, who did, on or before the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and five, signify to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England their Election to have the same paid off in Money on the Tenth Day of October next; and who shall, by themselves or any Agents duly authorized, further signify to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on or before the Sixteenth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and five, their Desire to take the Benefit of the Terms contained in this Act, shall, from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and five, be entitled to receive, for every One hundred Pounds of such Capital Stock, and in lieu thereof, so much Capital Stock either in the Consolidated Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum created by an Act, made in the Twenty fourth Year of His present Majesty, and several subsequent Acts, receiving thereon One Half Year’s Dividend on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and six, or so much Capital Stock in Reduced Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds Centum per Annum, as shall be equal in Value to One hundred Pounds Sterling, together with such further Sum in the said last

mentioned

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III.

c. 73.

, 175

mentioned Capital Stock as shall be equal in Value to Ten Shillings Sterling on every One hundred Pounds of such Capital Stock in Reduced Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds Centum per Annum, the Interest whereon to commence from the Tenth

Day of October One thousand eight hundred and five; or to have any Proportion thereof in such Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds 'per Centum per Annum, or of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum respectively, as shall be specified by an}' such Persons or Bodies Politic or Corporate respectively, at the Time of signifying such Desire to take the Benefit of the Terms of this Act as aforesaid; the Value of such several Annuities to be computed and taken on the Average Price of such Annuities respectively, on the last Ten Days previous to the Thirty first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and five, on which any Transfer shall have been made in the said last mentioned Capital Stocks at the Bank of England, after making a Deduction of the Amount of the Dividend due or accruing thereon; such Average as aforesaid to be settled and declared by the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank of England.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any Persons or But on Persons Bodies Politic or Corporate possessed of any such Five Pounds declining to per Centum Annuities, and who shall have signified such Election t^ce , the* Benefit as aforesaid, shall not, on or before the said Sixteenth Day of Treasur Cto September One thousand eight hundred and five, by themselves or raise Money to any Agents duly authorized, further signify to the Governor and pay off* the An-Company of the Bank of England their Desire to take the nuities on Oct, Benefit of the Terms contained in this Act, it shall be lawful for 10> 1805 *

the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to contract and agree with any Person or Persons, or Bodies Politic or Corporate, to contribute such Sums as shall be necessary to pay the same off on the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and five, and to give, for every One hundred Pounds in Money to be paid by such Person or Persons,

Bodies Politic or Corporate, on or before the Day or Days to be specified in the Contract or Agreement to be made as aforesaid at the Bank of England, such Amount of Capital Stock, either in Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, or of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, or any Proportion of either of such Annuities, upon such and the like Terms and Conditions, and with such Benefits as are by this Act given to any Persons entitled to take the Benefit of this Act as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Annuities, after the The Five per Rate of Five Pounds per Centum, to which any Persons or Bodies Cent. Annuities Politic or Corporate may become entitled under this Act, in lieu granted under of any former Annuities, shall be deemed, reputed and taken to *hls shall be One Capital or Joint Stock, and shall be added to and made jj*t stock* of° Part of the Joint Stock of Annuities with, and shall be redeemable Five per Cents, at the same Time and in like Manner as the Annuities carrying an

Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, established by an Act made in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and several subsequent Acts; and that all Persons and Corporations whatsoever, in Proportion to the Money to which they shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this Act, shall have or be deemed to have a proportional

Interest

176

45° GEO. III.

The Three per Cent, reduced Annuities so granted shall be added to the Joint Stock of Three per Cents. Reduced.

Times of Payment of Annuities,

Annuities payable out of the Consolidated Fund.

Bank to appoint a Cashier and Accountant.

C. 73.

A.D. 1805.

Interest and Share in the said Stock of Annuities at the Rate aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Annuities, after the

Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per, to which any Persons or Bodies Politic or Corporate may become entitled by virtue of this Act, shall be added to the Joint Stock of Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, which, by an Act, made in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, were reduced from Pour Pounds per Centum per Annum to Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and shall be'deemed Part of the said Joint Stock of Annuities, subject nevertheless to Redemption by Parliament, in such Manner and upon such Notice as in the several Acts by which the said Annuities, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum were respectively granted, are directed in respect of the Annuities redeemable by virtue thereof; and that all Persons and Corporations whatsoever, in Proportion to the Annuities to which they shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this Act, shall have and be deemed to have a proportional Interest and Share in the said Joint Stock of Annuities at the Rate aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That all such Annuities shall be payable Half yearly at the Bank of j, at the most usual Days of Payment in the Year for such respective Annuities; that is to say, the Fifth Day of January and the Fifth Day of July in every Year for and in respect of the said several Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum' per Annum; and the Fifth Day of April and the Tenth Day of October in every Year for and in respect of the said several Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum; the First Payment on the said several Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds Centum per Annum to be due on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and six, and on the said Reduced Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and six; and that all Persons and Corporations entitled to any such Annuity or Annuities aforesaid, and his, her and their Administrators, Successors and Assigns respectively, and all Persons and Corporations lawfully claiming under him, her or them, shall have good, sure, absolute and indefeasible Estates and Interests in the said respective Annuities, according to the true Tenor and Meaning of this Act, until the Redemption or Expiration thereof in the Manner herein directed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the said Annuities shall be charged andc hargeable upon and payable out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same; and that the said several Annuities of Five Pounds^er Centum per Annum and of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum respectively, shall be subject to Redemption by Parliament in Manner mentioned in this Act.

VII. And, for the more easy and sure Payment of the Annuities

established by this Act, it is hereby enacted, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of, and their Successors,

shall, from time to time, appoint and employ One or more sufficient

Person

A.P.1805.

C. 73.

177

45° GEO. III.

Person or Persons within their Office in the City of London to be their Chief or First Cashier or Cashiers, and One other Person or Persons within the same Office to be their Accountant General; and that so much of the Monies from time to time being in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the said Consolidated Fund, by this Act made applicable for the Purposes as shall be sufficient to answer the said Annuities, shall, by the Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the time being, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf from time to time, at the respective Days of Payment in this Act appointed, be issued and paid at the said Receipt of the Exchequer, to the First or Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors for the time being, by Way of Imprest, and upon Account for the Payment of the said Annuities; and that such Cashier or Cashiers, to whom the said Monies shall from time to time be issued, shall, from time to time, without Delay, apply and pay the same accordingly, and render his or their Accounts thereof according to the due Course of the Exchequer.

VIII. And it is hereby also enacted, That the said Accountant General for the time being shall, from time to time, inspect and examine all Receipts and Payments of the said Cashier or Cashiers, and the Vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any Fraud, Negligence or Delay.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Capitals or Joint Stocks, or any Share or Interest in either of them, shall (except so far as by this Act is provided) be assignable and transferable as this Act directs and not otherwise; and that there shall constantly be kept in the Office of the Accountant General for the time being, within the City of London, a Book or Books, wherein all Assignments or Transfers of the said respective Capitals or Joint Stocks, or any Part thereof, and the proportional Annuities attending the same, at the Rates aforesaid, shall be entered and registered; which Entries shall be conceived in proper Words for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Parties making such Assignments or Transfers, or if any such Party or Parties be absent, by his, her or their Attorney or Attornies thereunto lawfully authorized by Writing under his, her or their Hands and Seals, to be attested by Two or more credible Witnesses; and that the Person or Persons to whom any such Transfer shall be made, shall respectively underwrite his or their Acceptance thereof; and that no other Method of assigning or transferring the said respective Capitals or Joint Stocks, and the Annuities attending the same, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, shall be good and available in Law; and that no Stamp Duties whatsoever shall be charged on the said Transfers or any of them:Provided always, that all Persons possessed of any Share or Interest in any of the said several Joint Stocks of Annuities, or any Estate or Interest therein, may devise the same by Will in Writing, attested by Two or more credible Witnesses; but that no Payment shall be made upon any such Devise until so much of the said Will as relates to such Estate, Share or Interest be entered in the respective Offices; and that in Default of such Transfer or Devise as aforesaid such

45 Geo. III. N Share,

Accountant General to inspect Receipt and Payments of Cashier.

Stocks may be transferred

Books of Transfers to be kept.

Acceptance of Transfer to be underwritten.

Proviso for power to devise Stock.

’ 173

Annuities to be deemed Personal Estate.

The Bank to continue a Corporation for the Purposes of this Act.

Treasury to reward the Bank for their Service in the Execution of this Act.

In Actions for executing Act.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

c. 73. 45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Share, Estate or Interest, shall go to the Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall be entitled to any of the Annuities hereby granted, and all Persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be possessed thereof as of a Personal Estate, which shall not be descendible to Heirs, nor liable to any foreign Attachment by the Custom of London or otherwise; any Law, Statute or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That, the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, notwithstanding the Redemption of all or any of their own Funds, in pursuance of the Acts for establishing the same, or any of them, shall continue a Corporation for the Purposes of this Act, until all the said Annuities shall be redeemed as aforesaid; and the said Governor and Company, or any Member thereof, shall not incur any Disability for or by reason of his or their doing any Matter or Thing in pursuance of this Act.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, shall have Power, and they are hereby authorized, out of the said Consolidated Fund, to reward all such Persons as shall be any ways employed in the Execution of this Act, for their Service, Pains and Labour; and also to defray such incident Charges as shall necessarily attend the same; and also to settle and appoint such Allowances as they shall think proper for the Service, Pains and Labour of the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of

England, for receiving, paying and accounting for the said Annuities made payable by this Act; and also for the Service, Pains and Trouble of the said Accountant General of the said Governor and Company, for performing the Duty and Trust incumbent on or reposed in him by this Act; all which Allowances to be made as aforesaid in respect of the Service, Pains and Labour of any Officer or Officers of the said Governor and Company, shall be for the Use and Benefit of the said Governor and Company, and at their Disposal only; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be sued, molested or prosecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their Action, or be nonsuited, or Judgment shall be given against him or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

A.D. 1805.

C. 74, 75, 76.

179

45° GEO. III.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be . raised by Lotteries.

[27th 1805.]

CAP. LXXV.

An Act to remove Doubts touching Appointments to certain Offices in the Court of Chancery made during the Vacancy of the Office of Register and Keeper of the Register and Registers in that Court.

[27th June 1805.]

* IT WHEREAS it is expedient to remove all Doubts touching ‘ V\ the Validity of any such Appointments as are hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore declared and enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this- present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Appointments and Nominations which, from time to time, during any Vacancy of the Office of Register and Keeper of the Register and Registers in the Court of Chancery of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great, shall

be made by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of such Part of the United Kingdom, under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners respectively, of any Person or Persons to be a Sub Register or Sub Registers, Deputy Register or Deputy Registers, or Filer or Keeper of the Reports, and Certificates and Books of Entries of Orders and Decrees, or to be an entering Clerk or entering Clerks for entering Orders made in the said Court, or to hold any Office or Offices, Place or Places, the Nomination or Appointment to which might have been made by the Person or Persons holding the aforesaid Office of Register and Keeper of the Register and Registers in case such Office had not been vacant, shall be and be deemed and taken to be Appointments and Nominations, valid and effectual in the Law, of all and every such Person and Persons to such Office and Offices, Place and Places respectively, to which he or they respectively shall be so nominated and appointed.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Parliament of

for the Support of the Honour and Dignity of His Majesty's Crown in Ireland, and for granting to His Majesty a Civil List Establishment under certain Provisions and Regulations.

[2d July 1805.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign,

intituled, An Act for the Support of the Honour and Dignity of His Majesty's Crown in Ireland, and for granting to His Majesty 4 a Civil List Establishment, under certain Provisions and Regulations, the High Treasurer, Vice Treasurer or Vice Treasurers of

4 Ireland, or such Person or Persons as should be authorized

N 2 ‘ thereto,

Appointments, during Vacancy of Office of Register,

&c. by the Lord Chancellor, &c. of Persons to be Sub Registers, &c. valid.

3S G. 3. C.S4.

(io

180

C. 76.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Irish Treasury may pay Money for Secret Service to the Under Secretary for Civil Affairs.

Gath to be taken by such Under Secretary.

Payments, ice. valid.

1 thereto, were empowered to pay any Sum of Money to the Prin-e cipal Secretary, to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor 1 or Governors of Ireland, for Secret Service, in detecting, preventing or defeating treasonable or other dangerous Conspiracies against the State; and it was by the said recited Act enacted,

that it should be sufficient to acquit and discharge such Secretary, to make Oath in Manner as in the said Act is directed:

And Whereas in consequence of the Union between Great Britain and Ireland the said Chief Secretary is frequently absent

from Ireland upon urgent and necessary Business, and the said recited Provisions of the said Act have on account thereof been found inconvenient, and certain Sums of Money may have been,

or may be issued and paid for such Secret Service, by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer in Ireland, to the Under Secretary for Civil Affairs in the Office of

the said Chief Secretary; and it is expedient that the Payment,

4 Issuing and Application of such Sums should be confirmed and regulated by Parliament Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer of Ir, or for the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, to pay any Sum of Money to the Under Secretary for Civil Affairs for the time being, in the Office of the said Chief Secretary, for Secret Service, in detecting, preventing or defeating treasonable or other dangerous Conspiracies against the State, in any Place in Ireland; and that it shall be sufficient to acquit and discharge any such Under Secretary, to whom any such Money may have heretofore been or shall hereafter be paid and issued, for such Under Secretary to make Oath before One of the Barons of the Exchequer in Ireland in the Form following:

4 T A.B.do swear, that the Money paid to me for Secret Service,

4 A for the Purposes of detecting, preventing or defeating treasonable or other dangerous Conspiracies against the State, has been bondJide applied to such Purposes and no other, and that the Application of such Money has been approved by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland.

• - 4 So help me GOD. '

And that the Payment, Issuing and Application of all and every Sum and Sums of Money, which may have heretofore been or shall hereafter be paid and issued to the said Chief Secretary, or to such Under Secretary, and of the Application of which, Oath shall be made as aforesaid, shall be good, valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any thing in the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1805.

45° GEO. III. C. 77.

181

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in, the Forty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, fdr consolidating the Provisions of the several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax into One Act.

[2d 1805.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty second Year of His

present Majesty's Reign, intituled An C. 11$.

* the Provisions of the several Acts passed for the Redemption and 1 Sale of the Land Tax into One Act; and for making further Provisions for the Redemption and Sale thereof; and for removing

‘ Doubts respecting the Right of Persons claiming to vote at -‘ tions for Knights of the Shire, and other to serve in

i Parliament, in respect of Messuages, Lands or Tenements, the

‘ Land Tax upon which shall have been redeemed or purchased:

‘ And Whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be amended ‘ and rendered more effectual in some Respects Be it therefore enacted, by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the l Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That where the Land Tax charged upon the Incumbent Glebe Lands, Tythes or other Profits, of any Living, shall have may purchase been, or shall be redeemed or purchased by the Patron or Patrons, Land ^Tax'1

or any former Incumbent thereof, or by any other Person or Per- redeemed by sons, it shall be lawful for the Incumbent for the time being of Patron or such Living, to treat and agree for the Purchase of an Assignment former Incum-of such Land Tax, for the Benefit of such Living: And (for the ^nt £r liie Purpose of raising Money to purchase such Assignment from such . 1 ° 8U?

Patron or Patrons, or former Incumbent, or other Person or Persons, his, her or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns,) to carry into Execution all and every, or any of the Powers which by the said recited Act are given in order to raise Money by Sale,

Mortgage or Grant, for the Redemption of Land Tax, in such and the same Manner, and under and subject to such and the same Rules, Restrictions and Regulations, in all Respects as such Incumbent for the time being might have carried into Execution, the same Powers for the Purpose of redeeming such Land Tax, in the first Instance, and the Land Tax so assigned shall forthwith become merged and extinguished for the Benefit of such Living:

Provided always, that the Monies to arise from any such Sale, Money arising Mortgage or Grant, shall not be paid into the Bank of England, or by sut*b Sale, to any Receiver General or Collector, but the same, or so much peed "ot be paid thereof as shall be requisite, shall, under the Order of any Two of b^t paid to" the Commissioners appointed, or to be appointed, for the Purposes Assignor, of the said recited Act, under the Great Seal, be paid to the Person or Persons assigning such Land Tax, whose Receipt or Receipts, in pursuance of such Order, shall effectually discharge the respective Purchasers or Mortgagees; and the Remainder of such Monies, in case any such shall be, after Payment of the Costs and Expences which shall have been incurred on account of such Sale,

Mortgage or Grant and Assignment, and have been allowed by the said Commissioners, shall, in pursuance of the like Order, be

N 3 paid

182

C. 77.

45° GEO. III.

A.D. 1805.

Assignments not liable to Stamp Duty.

Dividends not to be received by Corporations, &c. in respect of Bank Annuities purchased with Money arising from Sale of Premises, for Redemption of Land Tax, un. less on Certificate of Special Commissioners.

Clerks to Commissioners of Land Tax to transmit to Commissioners tinder 42 G.3. c. 116. a Certificate, as herein mentioned, ofno Alteration in Assessment.

paid into the Bank of England, or to the Receiver General or Collector, as the Case may require, and be applied in like Manner as in the said recited Act is directed in the Case of Monies arising from Sales, Mortgages or Grants, made for the Purpose of purchasing Assignments of Land Tax, under the said Act: Provided also, that no such Assignment of Land Tax, or any such Deed of Sale, Mortgage or Grant, in pursuance of this Act, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever. Incumbent reimbursing

himself by Sale or Mortgage of Glebe, 53 G. 3. 123. § 29.]

II. And be it further enacted, That no Dividends shall be issued at the Bank of England to any Bodies Politic or Corporate or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other public Purposes, in respect of any Bank Annuities, which shall have been purchased with any Monies which have arisen, or shall arise, from the Sale, Mortgage or Grant of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, belonging to any such Bodies Politic or Corporate or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other public Purposes, for the Redemption of Land Tax, unless and until the Bodies Politic or Corporate or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other public Purposes, applying for such Dividends, shall have obtained and shall produce to the Cashier of the Bank of England, a Certificate, under the Hands of any Two of the said Commissioners appointed, or to be appointed, under the Great Seal, certifying that it hath appeared to them, by the Production of the Contract for the Redemption of the Land Tax, or by the Affidavit of the Agent, or some other Person acting in Behalf of such Bodies Politic or Corporate or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other public Purposes, that they have redeemed, or are proceeding, or intend bond fide, and with reasonable Diligence, to redeem the Land Tax charged on their Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or so much and such Part of the said Land Tax, as it had been proposed to redeem by the Monies arising from the Sale, Mortgage or Grant, which by the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, had been authorized to be made for that Purpose.

III. And be it further enacted, That after the passing of this Act, the Clerks to the Commissioners of Land Tax, acting in and for the several Hundreds, Wards, Laths, Wapentakes or other Divisions in England, and the Clerks to the Commissioners of Supply of the several Counties, Stewartries, Cities or Burghs, in Scotland, shall and they are hereby required, in all Cases where no Alteration shall have been made in the Assessment of Land Tax for the preceding Year, within Six Days after the Appeal against any such Assessment shall have been determined, in case any Appeal shall be made, or in case no Appeal shall be made against such Assessment, then within Six Days after the Expiration of the Time fixed for hearing Appeals, to transmit to the Commissioners appointed, or to be appointed, by His Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, to act in the Execution of the said recited Act, for the County, Stewartry, Riding or Place, a Certificate, signed by any Two or more of the said Commissioners of Land Tax or Supply, that no Alteration hath been made in the Assessment of Land Tax of the preceding Year; and it shall not be

lawful

C. 77 — 80.

183

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III.

lawful for the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said recited Acts, at any Time after the Twenty fifth Day of March in every Year, and before the Receipt of such Certificate as aforesaid, or before the Receipt of the Copy of any altered Assessment of Land Tax, by the said recited Act required to be transmitted to the said Commissioners, to contract and agree with any Bodies Politic or Corporate or Companies, or other Person or Persons applying to redeem any Land Tax, comprised in any such Assessment, unless a Certificate to the Amount of such Land Tax, signed by Two of the said Commissioners of Land Tax, or Supply, shall be produced and shewn to them, by or on the Behalf of the Bodies or Persons so applying to redeem such Land Tax; and in case the said Clerk to the Commissioners of Land Tax, or Supply, shall refuse or neglect to transmit such Certificate within the Period aforesaid, he shall, for every such Refusal or Neglect, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered in like Manner as any Penalty may by the said recited Act be recovered.

IV. And Whereas it is expedient to make Provision for the Enrolment and Registry of Deeds, which have not been duly enrolled or registered pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Act, and of the several other Acts passed relating to the Redemption of Land Tax; ’ Be it therefore further enacted, That all Deeds required by the said recited Act, or any other Acts relating to the Redemption of Land Tax, to be enrolled or registered, shall be valid and effectual, although the same shall not have been or shall not be enrolled or registered within the Periods prescribed by the said Acts respectively, provided the same shall have been enrolled or registered before the passing of this Act, or shall be enrolled or registered within Six Calendar Months after the passing thereof.

\_See further on this Point, 54 3. c. 173. § 11.]

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act to indemnify all Persons concerned in advancing Forty thousand Pounds to Messieurs, Barfield and Company, in One thousand seven hundred and ninety six, out of Monies issued for Naval Services.

[2d July 1805.]

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act to amend several Acts, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Losses of such of His Majesty's loyal Subjects as have suffered in their Property during the Rebellion in,

and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned.

[2d 1805.]

CAP. LXXX.

An Act for continuing several Laws relating to the regulating the Prices at which Corn and Grain may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland and from Ireland to Great,

and to the Admission to Entry of Oil and Blubber of New-N 4

Commissioners not to contract for Redemption of Land Tax, till such Certificate (or a Copy of Assessment if altered) produced.

[Penalty.]

Time given for Inrolment of Deeds.

EXP.

EXP.

4*5° GEO. ILL

A.D. 1805.

IS 4,

C. 80, 81, 82.

SI G. 3. C. 39.

{See§ 3.]

Punishment for Seamen refusing to fulfil the Agreement entered into in pursuance of recited Act.

Imprisonment.

found and, taken by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on the Fishery from and residing in the said Island, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six; and for reviving, amending and continuing, for the same Term, an Act of the last Session of Parliament for permitting the Importation of Hides and other Articles in Foreign Ships.

[2d July 1805.]

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Thirty first Year of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation and Government of the Seamen employed in the Coasting Trade.

[2d 1805.]

FOR better enforcing the Provisions respecting the Agreements of Seamen or Mariners, made in an Act passed in the Thirty first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen jployed in the Coasting Trade of this Kingdom Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in case any Seaman or Mariner, after he shall have entered into any Agreement as mentioned in the said Act, shall neglect or refuse to proceed on the intended Voyage or Voyages for which he shall have entered, or upon which any Ship or Vessel, trading coastwise, as therein mentioned, shall be destined to proceed, it shall and may be lawful, upon Complaint made thereof to any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictions, by the Master or Commander, Owner or Owners, or any other Person having Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel to which such Seaman or Mariner so belongs, for such Justice, and he is hereby required to issue his Warrant to apprehend such Seaman or Mariner; and in case such Seaman or Mariner shall not give sufficient Reason for such Refusal, to the Satisfaction of such Justice, then to commit such Seaman or Mariner to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Thirty Days nor less than Fourteen Days.

CAP. LXXXI I.

An Act for repealing the Duty chargeable on Woollen Goods of the Manufacture of Great Britain exported to the East Indies* [2d July 1805.]

* TT T WHEREAS it is expedient that certain of the Duties charge- able on Woollen Goods of the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported to Places within the Limits of the Charter of

‘ the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, should cease and determine May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 82, 83, 84.

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and five, the Duties of Customs granted and payable by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His during the present War and until the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and, and the

Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great Britain, on Woollen Goods of the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported to any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East, shall wholly

cease and determine, save and except as to any Arrears of Duties that shall have arisen, and may remain due and payable on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and five.

0

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act to continue the Operation of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to suspend Proceedings in Actions, Prosecutions and Proceedings, under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture, and also under an Act of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the same relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture.

[2d 1805.]

[44 G.3. c. 64. continuing 43 . 3. c. 136. continued till 25th

March 1806.]

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act for making more effectual the gracious Intentions of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy, so far as relates to the Returns of Certificates into the Exchequer and Gifts of Personal Property.

[2d July 1805.]

* TI7 WHEREAS by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign

* of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled An ‘Act for making more effectual Her late Majesty's gracious Intention for augmenting the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy, the

respective Bishops of every Diocese were empowered from time to time as they should see Occasion, and as might best serve the Purposes of the said Bounty to the Poor Clergy, to inform themselves by such Means as in the said Act are mentioned, of 4 the clear improved yearly Value of every Benefice with Cure of Souls, Living and Curacy, and of the true and clear improved yearly Value of the Maintenance of every Parson, Vicar, Curate and Minister officiating in any such Churches or Chapels as are therein mentioned, and how such yearly Values arose, with the other Circumstances thereof, and the same to certify to the said Governors, for their better Information in the Premises; in which said Act is contained a Proviso, that where by Certificates returned into Her said Majesty's Court of Exchequer at

* Westminster, pursuant to an Act made in the Fifth Year of Her

4 Reign,

185

Customs payable under 43 G.3. c. 70. on Woollen Goods of British Manufacture exported to East Indies to cease.

EXP.

1 G.l. Stat.2, c. 10. § 1, 2.

186

C. 84'.

45° GEO. III.

5 Ann. c. 24. §2.

6 Ann. c. 27.

Bishops, &c. to enquire into Value of Benefices returned into the Exchequer, and certify to Governors who are empowered to act upon such new Certificate as herein mentioned.

A.D. 1805.

* Reign, intituled An Act for discharging small Livings from their

* First Fruits and Tenths, and all Arrears thereof'; and One

* other Act made in the Sixth Year of Her Reign, intituled An

‘ Act to enlarge the Time for returning the Certificates of all -‘ clesiasiical Livings not exceeding the yearly Value of Fifty Pounds,

i and for other Purposes, or either of them, or made good by the ‘ said recited Act of the First Year of King George the First, the

* yearly Value of any Livings not exceeding the clear yearly Value

* of Fifty Pounds, were particularly and duly expressed and specified, such Certificates should ascertain the yearly Values of such

* Livings, in order to their being augmented by the said Governors, and no new or different Valuation thereof should be returned to

* the said Governors by virtue of the said recited Act: And 4 Whereas since the Time that such Certificates were returned ‘ into the Exchequer, in pursuance of the said Acts of the Fifth < and Sixth of Her said late Majesty Queen Anne, many Livings in such Certificates mentioned, and thereby returned as not

* exceeding the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, for the Pur-

* pose of being discharged from First Fruits and Tenths, are by subsequent Improvement of their Glebes and Tithes, and by Inclosures and other Means, become of much greater Value; and

* in order that the Bounty of Her said late Majesty may be applied as was originally intended, for the Augmentation of small Livings,

4 in Places where the same are not already sufficiently provided

* for, and that Her Majesty's gracious Intentions for the Relief of the Poor Clergy may be more speedily and effectually carried into Execution, it is become expedient that the Governors of the said Bounty should be empowered to receive new Valuations of such Livings as were so returned into the Exchequer May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the respective Bishops of every Diocese, and the Guardians of Spiritualities vacante, shall be and are hereby empowered from time to time as they shall see Occasion, and as may best serve the Purposes of the said Bounty to the Poor Clegjq by such Ways and Means as in the said Act of the First Year of His Majesty King George the First, are mentioned in that Behalf, to inform themselves of the clear improved yearly Value of such Benefices with Cure of Souls, Livings and Curacies as were returned into the Exchequer in pursuance of the said Acts of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her said late Majesty Queen Anne, within their several Dioceses, or within any Peculiars or Places of exempt Jurisdiction within the Bounds and Limits of their respective Dioceses, or adjoining or contiguous thereto, although the same be exempt from the Jurisdiction of any Bishop in other Cases, and how such yearly Values arise, with the other Circumstances thereof; and the same or such of them, whereof they shall have fully informed themselves, from time to time with all convenient Speed to certify to the said Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy, for their better Information in the Premises; and the said Governors are hereby authorized and empowered,

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III.

187

C. 81, 85, 86'.

powered, with respect to the Augmentation of such Livings, so formerly certified into the Exchequer as aforesaid, to act upon and be guided by such new Certificates of the Value and other Circumstances thereof, made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as they are in and by the said first hereinbefore mentioned and in part recited Act, enabled to do with regard to such Livings as were not so certified into the Exchequer, and as if the Restraint of the said Proviso therein had not been made, the same Proviso or any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such Certificates as were returned into the Exchequer for the Purpose of ascertaining what Livings were to be discharged from First Fruits and Tenths, shall not, so far as the same relate to the First Fruits and Tenths, be affected or altered in any Manner whatsoever by any thing in this Act contained.

III. And in order to facilitate the Intentions of all such Persons as may be disposed to contribute to the Augmentation of

* such Livings and Curacies as are within the Meaning of the Laws i now in force, respecting the said Bounty Be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons having in his, her or their own Right, any Money, Goods, Chattels or other Personal Effects, at his, her or their Will and Pleasure, to give or grant to, or vest in the said Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne and their Successors, to be by them disposed of according to Law, all or any Part of such Money, Goods, Chattels or other Personal Effects, without any Deed or Deeds, either enrolled or not enrolled, in like Manner as he, she or they could or might have done, either by Deed or Deeds enrolled or otherwise, before the passing of this Act, any Statute or Law to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein contained shall in any Manner alter or affect the Law now in force respecting the Gift or Conveyance of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, by any Deed or Deeds; or the Disposition thereof, or of any Goods, Chattels, or other personal Property by Will or Testament.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act for authorizing the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Great Britain to advance a certain Sum of Money (a) , to be applied in completing the Canal.

[2d July 1805.]

[a) [*£25,000.]

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Bounties and Duties payable thereon.

[10th July 1805.]

[Repealed, 1 & 2 G.4. c. 87.]

Proviso for Livings as to Discharge from First Fruits and Tenths.

Personal Property may be given for augmenting Livings without Deed.

Provisoes as to Gifts of Lands, and Devises.

188

C. 87.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

43 G. 3. C. 132. § 10.

Treasury (on being satisfied that it is just and reasonable,) may direct that Goods described in Tables (A.) and (B.) of recited Act, (except Tobacco, and Wine from the West Indies,) may be landed and warehoused without Payment of Duty,

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act to authorize the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to permit certain Articles to be warehoused in different Ports in Great Britai, upon giving Security for the Payment of Duties upon the Articles therein mentioned.

[10th July 1805.]

* \\J WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Forty third Year of

* His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain to be secured in Warehouse,

4 •without Payment of Duty, His Majesty, by His Order in Coun-

cil, is empowered to permit certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, enumerated and described in the Tables to the said Act annexed, or such other Articles which by virtue of the said Act may be added to such Tables, and which may be deemed proper and fit to be landed and lodged in Warehouses, or other-

* wise secured according to the Directions of the said Act, at any Port of Great Britain, without Payment at the Time of the First Entry of the Duties of Customs or Excise due on the Importation thereof; provided it shall be made to appear that such Port is, with respect to the Trade and Commerce carried on therein, and from the Nature of its Situation, a Port to which it would be just and reasonable to extend the Advantages by the said Act granted, and also that Docks, Wharfs and Warehouses shall have been built and erected within such Port complete, fit

* and proper in every respect for the Landing and Reception of any such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and wherein the same may respectively be safely imported and landed, and securely deposited according to the Nature thereof, and wherein the same may remain under the Regulations of the said Act: And 4 Whereas it maybe expedient to extend the Benefit and Accommodation to Trade granted to the Port of London by the said recited Act, as far as the Security of the Revenue will permit,

4 to other Ports in Great Britain, although such Docks, Wharfs or Warehouses as by the said Act are required, may not have been built and erected within such Ports; ’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That whenever it shall be made to appear to the Satisfaction of the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, for the time being, or any Three or more of them, that any Port in Great Britain is, with respect to the Trade and Commerce carried on therein, and from the Nature of its Situation, a Port to which it would be just, reasonable and safe to extend the Advantages granted by the said recited Act, although such Docks, Wharfs and Warehouses as are required by the said recited Act may not have been made, erected or built within such Port; it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the time being, or any Three or more of them, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, to order and direct that any of the Goods, Wares or Merchandize enumerated or described in the Tables to

the

A.D. 1805.

4-5° GEO. III. C. 87.

189

the said Act annexed, marked (A.) and (B.) (Tobacco excepted,) and also Wine imported from the, may be landed and

lodged in Warehouses, or otherwise secured, under the joint Locks of the Merchant and the Customs, and also of the Excise, in Cases where that Revenue is concerned, at such Port, without Payment at the Time of the First Entry of the Duties of Customs or Excise due on the Importation thereof; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and thenceforth all and every the Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Regulations, Restrictions, Acts, Matters and Things, relating to the landing, warehousing, keeping, inspecting, taking account of, or otherwise securing of Goods, Wares and Merchandize under the said Act, and of the Duties due and payable thereon, shall, in so far as the same are applicable, and except where the same are altered or varied by this Act, extend and be construed to extend to the Port or Ports named in such Order, in like Manner in every respect, and as fully and amply, as if such Port or Ports had been or should be entitled to the Advantages given or granted by the said recited Act.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That before any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be allowed to be warehoused under any such Order as aforesaid, without Payment at the Time of the First Entry of the Duties of Customs due on the Importation thereof; the Proprietor, Importer or Consignee of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, shall enter into Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with One sufficient Surety to be approved of by the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs of the Port where such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be landed, in Double the Amount of the full Duties due and payable on the Importation of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, with Condition that such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall be either duly exported, in the Manner and under such Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, so far as the same are applicable thereto, as by the said recited Act are directed, in respect of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or that the full Duties of Customs, due and payable on the Importation of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, shall be paid to the Collector or proper Officer of the Customs, within the Space of Twelve Months from the Date of the First Entry thereof.

III. And Whereas it is by the said recited Act provided, that no Duty of Customs or Excise whatever shall be demanded or paid for any Goods, Wares or Merchandize warehoused in pursuance of the said Act, which shall be destroyed by Fire Be it further enacted, That no Goods, Wares or Merchandize allowed to be warehoused in pursuance of any such Order as aforesaid, which shall be destroyed by Fire, nor the Importer, Proprietor or Consignee thereof, shall be exempt from the Payment of any of the said Duties of Customs or Excise, which may be due thereon, unless every Fire Place or Stove in the Warehouses or Buildings, in which the same shall be deposited, shall be bricked up or destroyed, and such Warehouses or Buildings shall in all other respects, to the Satisfaction of the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, and also of the Excise, in all Cases where that

Revenue

at any Ports in Great Britain, although Docks, Wharfs, and Warehouses, are not built at such Port.

Bonds to be given that the Goods shall either be duly exported or that the Duties shall be paid.

Warehouses to be secure against Fire, to entitle Parties to Exemption from Duty in case of Accident.

[See 43 G. 3. c. 132. §16.]

190

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

2 G.2. c. 25.

7 G.2. c. 22.

SI G.2. c. 22.

15 G. 2. c. 13.

41 G.3. (U. K.) c. 39.

C. 87, 88, 89.

Revenue is concerned, be rendered secure from Fire; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Proviso for Wine warehoused under this, 53 G.3. c. 8. §2.; c. 84. § 1. 2.; awe?ybr ifo'ce warehoused, 530.3. c. 10.]

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act for repealing the Duties of Customs on Cochineal Dust and Granilla imported into Great Britain (a); and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

[10th July 1805.]

(a) [These Duties made to cease, and other Duties imposed by59 G. 3. c. 52. §1.; and see Table.

CAP. LXXXIX,

An Act to alter and extend the Provisions of the Laws now in force for the punishment of the Forgery of Bank Notes, Bills of Exchange and other Securities, to every Part of Great Britain.

[10th July 1805.']

4 TT T WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more effectually preventing and further Punishment of Forgery, Perjury and Subornation of,

and to make it Felony to steal Bonds, Notes or other Securities for Payment of Money; and also by an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the Second,

intituled An Act for the more effectual preventing the forging or Acceptance of Bills of Exchange, or the Numbers or principal Sums of accountable Receipts for Notes, Bills or other Securities for Payment of Money, or Warrants or Orders for Payment of Money or Delivery of Goods; and also by an Act, passed in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses,

and upon Windows or Lights, and for raising the Sum of Five Millions by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties; and also by an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the Second,

intituled An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank tff England, ybr advancing the Sum of One million six hundred thousand Pounds towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and forty two; and also by an Act, passed in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the more effectually preventing the Forgery of Bank Notes, Bank Bills of Exchange, and Bank Post Bills, certain Provisions were made and enacted for the preventing and punishing the Forgery of Bank Notes, and other Notes, Bills and Instruments, in these Acts respectively mentioned: And 4 Whereas it is expedient that such Provisions should extend and be in force in every Part of Great Britain, with such Alterations and Amendments therein as are hereby made Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

21 Advice

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 89.

191

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and Forging Deeds, after the passing of this Act, falsely make, forge, counterfeit or Wills, or alter, or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged, counterfeited ^Tnten^to or altered, or willingly act or assist in the false making, forging, defraud, counterfeiting or altering any Deed, Will, Testament, Bond,

Writing obligatory, Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note for Payment of Money, Indorsement or Assignment of any Bill of Exchange or Promissory Note for Payment of Money, Acceptance of any Bill of Exchange, or any Acquittance or Receipt either for Money or Goods, or any accountable Receipt for any Note, Bill or other Security for Payment of Money, or any Warrant or Order for Payment of Money or Delivery of Goods, with Intention to defraud any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever; or shall offer, dispose of, or put away any false, forged, counterfeited or altered Deed, Will, Testament, Bond, Writing obligatory, Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note for Payment of Money, Indorsement or Assignment of any Bill of Exchange or Promissory Note for Payment of Money, Acceptance of any Bill of Exchange, Acquittance or Receipt, either for Money or Goods, accountable Receipt for any Note, Bill or other Security for Payment of Money, Warrant or Order for Payment of Money or Delivery of Goods, with Intention to defraud any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, knowing the same to be false, forged, counterfeited or altered, then every Person or Persons so offending, Felony without and being thereof lawfully convicted according to the due Course Clergy, of Law, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Forging or shall, from and after the passing of this Act, forge, counterfeit or uttering Bank alter any Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange, Dividend Warrant Notes> Dm-or any Bond or Obligation under the Common Seal of the Gover- ^, n<* Warrants> nor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Indorsement

thereon, or shall offer or dispose of or put away any such forged, counterfeit, or altered Note, Bill, Dividend Warrant, Bond or Obligation, or the Indorsement thereon, or demand the Money therein contained or pretended to be due thereon, or any Part thereof, of the said Company or any their Officers or Servants, knowing such Note, Bill, Dividend Warrant, Bond or Obligation, or the Indorsement thereon, to be forged, counterfeited or altered, with Intent to defraud the said Governor and Company or their Successors, or any other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, every Person or Persons so of- Felony without fending, and being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall Clergy, be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Persons (not (other than the Officers, Workmen, Servants or Agents for the authorized by time being of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, Bafik) using or to be authorized and appointed for that Purpose by the said Go- havin£ any vernor and Company, and for the Use of the said Governor and m pC* for Company only) shall, from and after the passing of this Act, make hlrein^de- or tjse, or cause or procure to be made or used, or knowingly aid scribed; or

or assist m the making or using, or (without being authorized or making’ using

appointed or sellinS such

192

C. 89.

45° GEO. III.

A.D. 1805.

Paper; or cause the Sum of any Bank Note, &c. so to appear in the Paper; or assisting in so doing.

Transported for 14 Years.

Proviso for Issue, &c. of Bills with Amount expressed in Guineas, or Pounds Sterling in Figures in the Paper.

And for making or using Paper with Devices in the Nature of Water Marks, not resembling' Water Marks, &c. used by the Bank.

appointed as aforesaid) shall knowingly have in his, her or their Custody or Possession, (without lawful Excuse, the Proof whereof shall lie upon the Party accused) any Frame, Mould or Instrument for the making of Paper with curved or waving Bar Lines, or with the laying Wire Lines thereof in a waving or curved Shape, or with any Number, Sum or Amount, expressed in a Word or Words in Roman Letters visible in the Substance of such Paper; or shall manufacture, make, use, vend, expose to Sale, publish or dispose of, or cause or procure to be manufactured, made, used, vended, exposed to Sale, published or disposed of, or aid or assist in the manufacturing, making, using, vending, exposing to Sale, publishing or disposing of, or (without being authorized or appointed as aforesaid) shall knowingly have in his, her or their Custody or Possession, any Paper whatsoever with curved or waving Bar Lines, or with the laying Wire Lines thereof in a waving or curved Shape, or having any Number, Sum or Amount expressed in a Word or Words in Roman Letters appearing visible in the Substance of such Paper; or if any Person or Persons (except as before excepted) shall, by any Art, Mystery or Contrivance, cause or procure the Numerical Sum or Amount of any Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange, or Bank Post Bill, Blank Bank Note, Blank Bill of Exchange or Blank Bank Post Bill, in a Word or Words to appear visible in the Substance of the Paper whereon the same shall be written or printed; or shall knowingly aid or assist in causing the Numerical Sum or Amount of any Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange or Bank Post Bill, Blank Bank Note, Blank Bank Bill of Exchange, or Blank Bank Post Bill, in a Word or Words in Roman Letters to appear visible in the Substance of the Paper whereon the same shall be written or printed, every Person or Persons so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, and being convicted thereof according to Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall be transported for the Term of Fourteen Years.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to restrain any Person or Persons from issuing or negociating any Bill or Bills of Exchange, Promissory Note or Promissory Notes, having the Sum or Amount thereof expressed in Guineas, or in a Numerical Figure or Figures, denominating the Sum or Amount thereof in Pounds Sterling, appearing visible on the Substance of the Paper upon which the same shall be written or printed; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in

this Act contained shall restrain or prevent any Person or Persons from making, using, vending, exposing to Sale, publishing or disposing of any Paper having waving or curved Lines, or any other Devices in the Nature of Water Marks visible in the Substance of the Paper, not being Bar Lines or laying Wire Lines, provided the same are not contrived in such Manner as to form the Groundwork or Texture of the Paper, or to imitate or resemble the waving or curved laying Wire Lines or Bar Lines of the said Paper of the Governor and Company of the Bank of, or to imitate

or resemble the Water Marks used by the Governor and Company of the Rank of England in the Bank Notes, Bank Bills of Exchange and Bank Post Bills issued by the said Governor and Company;

C. 89.

193

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III.

pany; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Knowingly re-shall, from and after the passing of this Act, purchase or receive giving or^hav-from any other Person or Persons any forged or counterfeited jgfnk°Notes, Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange, Bank Post Bill, or Blank Bank &c>

Note, Blank Bank Bill of Exchange or Blank Bank Post Bill, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited; or shall knowingly or wittingly have in his, her or their Possession or Custody, or in his, her or their Dwelling House, Out House, Lodgings or Apartments any forged or counterfeited Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange or Bank Post Bill, or Blank Bank Note, Blank Bank Bill of Exchange or Blank Bank Post Bill, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, (without lawful Excuse, the Proof whereof shall lie upon the Person accused,) every Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted according to Law, Transportation shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall be transported for the Term 14 Years, of Fourteen Years.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Engraving, &c.

from and after the passing of this Act, shall engrave, cut, etch, Bank Note, &c.

, f, r\, 6 I, or Part thereof,

scrape or by any other Means or Device make, or shall cause or or usino. such

procure to be engraved, cut, etched, scraped, or by any other Plate, or De-Means or Device made, or shall knowingly aid or assist in the en- vice for making graving, cutting, etching, scraping, or by any other Means or De- or printing any vice making, in or upon any Plate of Copper, Brass, Steel, Pewter, ^c^or or of any other Metal or Mixture of Metals, or upon any Wood s‘c£r

or any other Materials, or any Plate whatsoever, any Bank Note, piate&; or ut-Bank Bill of Exchange, Bank Post Bill, or Blank Bank Note, tering such Blank Bank Bill of Exchange or Blank Bank Post Bill, or Part of Blank Bank a Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange, or Bank Post Bill, purport- Note> &c* mg to be the Note, or Bill of Exchange or Bank Post Bill, or Blank Bank Note, or Blank Bank Bill of Exchange or Blank Bank Post Bill, or Part of the Note, or Bill of Exchange or Bank Post Bill of the Governor and Company of the Bank of,

without an Authority in Writing for that Purpose from the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England; or shall use any such plate so engraved, cut, etched, scraped, or by any other Means or Device made, or shall use any other Instrument or Device for the making or printing any such Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange or Bank Post Bill, or Blank Bank Note, or Blank Bank Bill of Exchange or Blank Bank Post Bill, or Part of a Bank Note, or Bank Bill of Exchange or Bank Post Bill, without such Authority in Writing as aforesaid; or if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the passing of this Act, without such Authority as aforesaid, knowingly have in his, her or their Custody, any such Plate, Instrument or Device, or shall, without such Authority as aforesaid, knowingly and wilfully utter, publish, dispose of or put away any such Blank Bank Note, Blank Bank Bill of Exchange or Blank Bank Post Bill, or Part of such Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange or Bank Post Bill, every Person so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, and being convicted thereof according to Transportation Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall be transported for the for 14 Years. Term of Fourteen Years.

45 Geo. III. O VIII. And

194 '

C. 89, 90, 91.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Act to extend

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses to the mole of and Provisions in this Act contained shall extend, and be deemed and construed to extend by all Courts, Judges and Magistrates whatsoever, to every Part of Great Britain; any thing hereinbefore contained, or any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XC.

exp. An Act to empower His Majesty to retain upon full Pay and Allowances Officers of the Militia during the War, notwithstanding the Reduction.

[10th July 1805.]

CAP. XCI.

An Act for appointing additional Commissioners for the better examining and auditing certain of the Public Accounts of Great Britai.

[10th July 1805.]

1 T17herEAS the Public Accounts of Great Britain have so ‘ much increased since the Commencement of the late War,

‘ that the Commissioners appointed under an Act passed in the 25 G.S. c. 52. ‘ Twenty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for auditing

‘ the Public Accounts, have not been able to enter upon the Ex- animation of a considerable Part of such of the said Accounts as ‘ have been already delivered into their Office, and others have ‘ not yet been rendered by the Parties accountable to the Pub- lie; and it is therefore expedient, in order to prevent the great i Inconvenience which will arise from any further Delay in the C Examination and auditing of the said Accounts, that an additional Board of Commissioners should be appointed for the Purpose of ex-‘ amining and auditing such of the said Accounts as are hereinafter ‘ specified Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament as-His Majesty sembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful may appoint for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by Letters Patent Three Commis- under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to nominate and appoint Three Persons to be an additional Board of Commissioners for examining and auditing, according to a Selection to be made from time to time by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, such of the extraordinary Accounts of the public Expenditure of Great Britain as the said Commissioners appointed under the said Act of the Twenty fifth Year aforesaid shall not have begun to examine; and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the time being, are hereby authorized and empowered to order and direct any such Accounts of the public Expenditure of Great Britain since the Commencement of the late War, or an}' other public extraordinary Accounts, the Examination of which shall not have been begun upon, as they shall think fit to be examined and audited by the said Commissioners to be appointed under this Act, who shall forthwith proceed to examine and audit the same accordingly; any thing in the said Act of the Twenty fifth Year aforesaid to the contrary notwithstanding.

21 II. And

sioners as an additional Board for examining and auditing public extraordinary Accounts under Direction of the Treasury.

A.D. 1805.

45’ GEO. III. C. 91.

195

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners so to be appointed as aforesaid, before they shall enter upon the Execution of the Powers vested in them by this Act, shall take an Oath before the Chancellor of the Exchequer, which he is hereby authorized and required to administer, the Tenor whereof shall be as followeth; (that is to say,)

‘ T A.B.do swear, That, according to the best of my Skill and Oath of Com-

* Knowledge, I will faithfully, impartially and truly execute missioners *

* the several Powers and Trusts vested in me by an Act, intituled

‘ An Act for [here insert the Title of the Act] '

And any Two of the said Commissioners may do any Act, Matter Two a Quorum, or Thing, which by this Act all such Commissioners are authorized and empowered and required to do.

III. And be it further enacted, that the Commissioners of the Treasury may Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, shall aPP<>lnt Officers be and they are hereby authorized to appoint such Officers and and Clerks' Clerks, and other Persons, as shall appear to them to be necessary

from time to time, for making up and preparing for Declaration such of the Public Accounts of Great Britain as shall from time to time be laid before the said Commissioners to be appointed under this Act, for the Purposes of being examined and audited by them; and to allow such Salaries or Rewards to such Officers,

Clerks and other Persons, as they shall judge proper.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners to be Powers of appointed under the Authority of this Act shall be and their are Commissioners hereby invested with such and the same Powers and Authorities, ^oimt^under' and shall be subject to the Performance of the same Duties, and 3^52". liable to the same Controul in every respect, in relation to the &c. extended to Examination and auditing of all Accounts which shall be so di- Commissioners rected to be examined and audited by them; and shall have the under this Act. same Power of examining, on Oath, or otherwise, any Person or

Persons touching the Receipt and Expenditure of Money forming the Charge and Discharge of each Account respectively, and touching all other Matters and Things necessary for the due Execution of the Powers vested in the said Commissioners by this Act, as the Commissioners appointed by virtue of the said Act of the Twenty fifth Year aforesaid, for auditing the Public Accounts, are now under the said Act, or by any other Law, or any Usage or Custom, invested with, or are subject and liable to in relation to the Examination and auditing of any of the Public Accounts of Great Britain; and the Examination and auditing of any such Accounts by the Commissioners to be appointed under this Act, and all Matters and Things ordered, directed or done by them in relation thereto, or to any Accountants, Sub Accountants, or other Person or Persons concerned therein, or examined touching the same, in pursuance of this Act, shall be as valid and effectual in all respects, and to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes, as if the same Accounts had been examined, and the said Acts, Matters and Things done by the Commissioners appointed under the said Act of the Twenty fifth Year aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Accountants, Sub Ac- Accountants countants and other Persons, concerned in any Accounts under an<l other l5er-"Examination before the Commissioners to be appointed under this 011! concerned

02 rr Act, m Accounts

196

C. 91, 92.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

under Examination subjected to the Provisions of 25 G.S. c. 52.

Vouchers for Payment of Money before Dec. 31, 1804, admitted although not stamped.

Commissioners not to be Members of Parliament.

13 G. 3. c. 31.

44 G.3. c. 92.

Parties apprehended in One Part of U. K.

Act, or to be examined by the said Commissioners touching the same, shall, and they are hereby required to demean themselves in such Manner in all respects, and to do all such Matters and Things, as by the said Act of the Twenty fifth Year aforesaid is directed and required in like Cases, and shall be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as by virtue of the said Act they would have been subject and liable to, for any Breach, Non Performance, Failure or Neglect thereof; or for wilfully and corruptly giving false Evidence, in case such Accounts had been under Examination before the Commissioners appointed under the said Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to be appointed by virtue of this Act, in their Examination of any Accounts for any Periods preceding the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and four, to admit and allow of Receipts and Vouchers for any Monies expressed therein to have been paid, although such Receipts or Vouchers shall not have been stamped according to Law.

VII. And be it further enacted and declared, That no Commissioner to be appointed by virtue of this Act shall, during his Continuance in such Office, be capable of being elected or of sitting as a Member of the House of Commons.

[See46 G. 3. c. 141. and the Statutes referred to ]

CAP. XCII.

An Act to amend Two Acts of the Thirteenth and Forty fourth Yrears of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Execution of the Criminal Laws, and more easy apprehending and bringing to Trial Offenders escaping from One Part of the United Kingdom to the other, and from One County to another.

[10th 1805.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An for the more effectual Execution of the Criminal Laics the Two Parts of the United Kingdom; and by another Act, passed in the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to render more easy the apprehending and bringing to Trial

4 Offenders escaping from One Part of the United Kingdom to the other, and also from One County to Provision is made

for the apprehending of Offenders in, Scotland and

4 Ireland respectively, so that such Offenders may be apprehended in One of the said Parts of the United Kingdom for Offences charged to have been committed within either of the other Parts of the same: And Whereas there is no Provision made in the said Acts for admitting such Persons to Bail, who may be so '4 apprehended for Offences which by Law are bailable:’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in case any Person or Persons shall be apprehended in One of the said Parts of the United Kingdom for an Offence which was committed, or charged to have been

committed,

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 22.

197

committed, in either of the other Parts of the same, under any Warrant indorsed in such Manner as is in that respect provided by virtue of either of the said recited Acts, such Person or Persons shall and may be taken before the Judge or Justice who indorsed the said Warrant, or before some other Justice or Justices of the County, Stewartry, City, Liberty, Town or Place tvhere the same was indorsed; and in case the Offence be bailable in Law, and such Offender or Offenders shall be willing and ready to give Bail for his, her or their appearance, according to the Exigence of the said Warrant, such Judge or Justice or Justices by whom such Warrant was indorsed, or before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be brought, shall and may proceed with such Offender or Offenders, and take Bail for him, her or them, according to the Exigence of the said Warrant, in the same Manner as the Judge or Justice who originally issued the same should or might have done; and such Judge or Justice or Justices so taking Bail as aforesaid shall take the Recognizance or Bail Bond of the said Offender or Offenders, and of his, her or their Bail, in Duplicate, and shall deliver One of such Duplicates to the Constable, or other Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons so apprehending such Offender or Offenders as aforesaid, who are hereby required to receive the same, and to deliver or cause to be delivered such Recognizance or Bail Bond to the Clerk of the Crown, or Clerk of the Peace, or other proper Officer for receiving the same, belonging to the Court in which by such Recognizance or Bail Bond such Offender or Offenders shall be bound to appear, and such Recognizance or Bail Bond shall be as good and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, and of the same Force and Validity, as if the same had been entered into, taken or acknowledged before a Judge or Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Stewartry, City, Town, Liberty or Place, where the Offence was committed; and the said Judge or Justice or Justices so taking Bail as aforesaid shall transmit the other of such Duplicates to the Court of Exchequer of such Part of the United Kingdom in which such Bail shall be taken, there to be kept of Record; and it shall and may be lawful for the Court, in which an)^ Person so bound to appear shall forfeit his or her said Recognizance or Bail Bond, to transmit a Certificate, testifying the Forfeiture thereof, under the Seal of the Court, or under the Hand and Seal of One of the Judges or Justices of the same, to the Court of Exchequer, in that Part of the United Kingdom in which such Recognizance or Bail Bond shall have been taken; and it shall and may be lawful for such Court of Exchequer to proceed upon such Certificate to levy the Sum so forfeited, in the same Manner in which they may proceed upon any Recognizance or Bail Bond, taken and forfeited within the same Part of the United Kingdom, and estreated in due course into the said Court: Provided always, that if such Offence be not bailable in Law, or such Offender or Offenders shall not give Bail for his, her or their Appearance, according to the Exigence of such Warrant, the said Judge or Justice or Justices before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be brought, shall remand him, her or them to the Custody of the Constable or other Officer or Person who shall have apprehended such Offender or Offenders, and such Constable, Officer or other Person shall pro-

O 8 ceed

for Offences charged to be committed in any other Part thereof, shall be admitted to Bail, and Duplicates of the Bail Bond shall be delivered, one to the Officer apprehending, and the other to the Court of Exchequer, &c.

Parties not bailable, nor bailed, remanded to Custody as under recited Acts.

198

C. 92.

4-5° GEO. III. A.D. 180S.

Judge, &c. granting original Warrant, to write "Not bailable, " on the Face of Warrants for Offences not bailable, &c.

Service of Sub-pjena on Parties or Witnesses in any Part of the United Kingdom valid to compel Appearance in any other Part.

ceed to convey such Offender or Offenders into that Part of the, United Kingdom wherein the Offence was committed, by such Ways and Means as are provided by the said recited Acts respectively.

II. And Whereas it may happen by reason of the Difference ‘ in the Law prevailing in the said different Parts of the United . Kingdom, that the Judge or Justice or Justices before whom i any Offender or Offenders shall be brought, under such Warrant so indorsed, may not know whether the Offence mentioned in such Warrant be or be not bailable; ’ For the better Information therefore of such Judge or Justice or Justices in that Particular, be it further enacted, That in case any Person suing out such Warrant shall shew, by Affidavit or otherwise, to the Satisfaction of the Judge or Justice granting such Warrant, that it may be necessary to execute such Warrant in a Part of the United Kingdom different from that in which such Warrant is issued, and it shall appear also to the Judge or Justice granting such Warrant, that it is granted for an Offence for which it would not be lawful for any Judge or Justice or Justices, before whom such Offender or Offenders might be brought, by reason of the Indorsement of such Warrant as directed by the said recited Acts, to admit such Offender or Offenders to Bail, such Judge or Justice granting such Warrant shall, upon the Face of such Warrant, write the Words Not bailableand in all Cases in which such Words shall not have been so written, it shall and may be lawful for the Judge or Justice or Justices, before whom any Offender or Offenders may be brought under such Warrant so indorsed, to admit such Offender or Offenders to Bail.

III. And Whereas it is fit to provide for the Appearance of Persons to answer in Cases where Warrants are not usually issued, and to give Evidence in Criminal Prosecutions in every Part of the United Kingdom Be it further enacted, That the Service of every Writ of Subpaena, or other Process, upon any Person, in any One of the Parts of the United Kingdom, requiring the Appearance of such Person to answer or give Evidence in any Criminal Prosecution in any other of the Parts of the same, shall be as good and effectual in Law as if the same had been served in that Part of the United Kingdom where the Person so served is required to appear; and in case such Person so served shall not appear according to the Exigence of such Writ or Process, it shall be lawful for the Court out of which the same issued, upon Proof made of the Service thereof, to the Satisfaction of the said Court, to transmit a Certificate of such Default under the Seal of the same Court, or under the Hand of One of the Judges or Justices of the same, to the Court of King’s Bench in England in case such Service was had in Engl, or in case such Service was had in Scotland, to the Court of Justiciary in Scotland, or in case such Service was had in Ireland, to the Court of King’s Bench in Ireland; and the said last mentioned Courts respectively shall and may thereupon proceed against and punish the Person so having made Default, in like Manner as they might have done if such Person had neglected or refused to appear in obedience to a Writ of Subpaena or other Process issued out of such last mem tioned Courts respectively.

IV. PlO-

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 92.

199

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That none oi such last mentioned Courts shall in any Case proceed against oi punish any Person for having made Default by not appearing to give Evidence in obedience to any Writ of Subpaena or other Process for that Purpose, unless it shall be made to appear to such Court that a reasonable and sufficient Sum of Money to defray the Expences of coming and attending to give Evidence, and of returning from giving such Evidence, had been tendered to such Person at the Time when such Writ of Subpaena or other Process was served upon such Person.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Judge or Justice to indorse by virtue of either of the said recited Acts or this Act any Warrant, unless the same shall appear to have issued, if in England or Ireland upon some Indictment found or Information filed, or if in Scotland upon some Libel or Criminal Letters raised and passed under the Signet of the Court of Justiciary, against the Person or Persons named in such Warrant, or unless the same shall appear to have issued in respect of some Capital Crime or Felony mentioned in such Warrant; any thing in this and the said recited Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding. [Rep, 54 G. 3. 186. § 1.]

VI. And be it further enacted and declared, That in all Cases

in which any Warrant or Certificate shall, by virtue of either of the said recited Acts or this Act, be required to be acted upon in any Part of the United Kingdom, other than that in which the same was originally issued, it shall not be lawful for any Court, or any Judge or Justice to proceed to enforce or act upon the same, until it shall be proved upon Oath to such Court, Judge or Justice, that the Seal, Signet and Signature upon the same, are the Seal, Signet and Signature respectively of the Court, Judge or Justice, whose Seal, Signet and Signature the same respectively shall purport to be. [Repealed, 54 G. 3. c. 186. § l.J

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall, with respect to any Prosecution depending before the passing of this Act, be deemed or taken by any Court to alter or affect in any Manner the Construction of the said Act of the Forty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, if any Question should arise whether such Prosecution be authorized by the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act.

[As to Execution in Scotland issued for Offences

committed in England, see 48 G. 3. c. 58. — And as to the apprehending and trying of Offenders escaping from One Part of the United Kingdom to ano, 54 G. 3. 186.]

Expence of Attendance on Subpaena tendered to Witnesses.

Judges not to indorse Warrants under recited Acts, unless on Indict' ment, &c. found, or for some Capital Crime or Felony.

Before Warrants are acted upon, Proof shall be given of the Sealing, &c. thereof.

Proviso for Prosecutions depending under 44 G. 3. c. 92.

200

C. 93.

45» GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

43 G.3. c.ll.

45 G. 3. c. 24.

Annexed Schedule to be used instead of that under 43 a3. c.ll.

CAP. XCIII.

An Act to amend Two Acts, passed in the Forty third and Forty fifth Years of His present Majesty, for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain.

[10th July 1805.]

[Drawbacks made to cease, 54 G. 3. 51. § 1.; but see 59 G. 3.

c. 52. § 1.]

‘ IT7 WHEREAS an Act, passed in the Forty third Year of the ‘ Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for

* continuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of ‘ Sugar from Great Britain; and for allowing other Drawbacks 6 and Bounties in lieu thereof until the Fifteenth Day of January

‘ One thousand eight hundred an And Whereas an Act,

* passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for further

6 continuing, until the Twenty ffth Day of March One thousand

i eight hundred, and six, an Act, passed in the Forty third Year of ‘ His present Majesty, for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and ‘ Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and ‘ for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties lieu thereof: And

* Whereas it is expedient that the Schedule to the said first recited Act annexed should be repealed and another Schedule enacted ‘ in lieu thereof May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and five, the Schedule to the said first recited Act annexed shall be, and the same is hereby repealed; and that instead and in lieu thereof the Schedule to this Act annexed shall be deemed Part of the said recited Acts, and be construed therewith, and the Drawbacks and Bounties in the Schedule to this Act annexed shall, from and after the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and five, be paid and allowed under the Provisions of the said recited Acts, in like Manner, in every respect, as if the said Schedule had been annexed to the said first recited Act.

3CHE-

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 93, 94. 201

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

TABLE of DRAWBACKS and BOUNTIES to be allowed and paid under the Provisions of this Act.

Prices of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, at which Drawbacks and Bounties are payable. Drawback to be allowed on Sugar of the British Plantations in the same State in which it was imported, and Bounty on Refined Sugar, being ground or powdered Sugar. Bounty on Refined Sugar called Bastards, or Re-finedLoaf Sugar broken in Pieces. Bounty on other Refined Sugar in Loaf complete and whole, or Lump duly refined.

If the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, published in the London 5. 5. 5.

Gazette, shall not exceed 40s. the cwt. 22 the cwt. 25 the cwt. 40 the cwt.

If it shall exceed 40s. and not exceed 455. 21 25 38

If it shall exceed 455. and not exceed 505. 20 25 36

If it shall exceed 505. and not exceed 585. 20 20 34

If it shall exceed 585. and not exceed 605. 18 18 31

If it shall exceed 605. and not exceed 625. 16 16 27

If it shall exceed 625. and not exceed 645. 14 14 24

If it shall exceed 645. and not exceed 66s. 12 12 20

If it shall exceed 66s. and not exceed 685. 10 10 17

If it shall exceed 685. and not exceed 705. 8 8 13

If it shall exceed 705. - - Nothing. Nothing. Nothing.

All the above Prices are to be taken, exc dusive of the 5 Duties of C lustoms paid

or payable on the Importation of Sugar.

CAP. XCIV.

An Act for reducing the Duty of Excise on Hops the Growth of Great Britain.

[10th July 1805.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Duty of Excise now payable on Hops the Growth of Great, should be

reduced Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and id. of Excise after the passing of this Act, One Halfpenny of the Duty of Ex- ^, uty cise of Two Pence Halfpenny per Pound Weight Avoirdupois, sifan cease69* granted by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties lieu thereof

on Hops, the Growth of Great Britain, shall cease and determine.

[See 46 G. 3. c. 138.]

202

C. 95.

45° GEO. III.

A.D. 1805.

43 G.3. c. 150.

In what Cases Surveyor (without lodging any Complaint) may make the Assessment, &c.

CAP. XCV.

An Act to amend so much of an Act of the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for consolidating certain of the Provisions of the Acts relating to the Duties in Scotland under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, as relates to the Appointment of Assessors and Sub Collectors, and the Notices required to be delivered to Persons assessed to the said Duties.

[10th July 1805.]

\1^J FfEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty third Year of i the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act 1 consolidating certain of the Provisions contained any Act or e Acts relating to the Duties under the Management of the -4 missioners for the Affairs of Taxand for amending the said

* Acts, so for as the same relate to that Part Great Britain called Scotland: And Whereas certain Inconveniences have been found to arise from the Appointment of Assessors under the Provisions of the said Act, it is expedient that the same should be amended in the Particulars after mentioned May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in case the Commissioners appointed to put into Execution the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts for granting Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of that Act, shall not, at their usual annual Meeting held on the Thirtieth Day of April in each Year, appoint Assessors for each Parish or other small District, within the Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough, for which they the said Commissioners act, or where such Assessors, if appointed, shall not signify to the Surveyor of the Shire or District their Acceptance of the Appointment within Thirty Days thereafter, that then and in every such Case it shall be lawful to and for such Surveyor forthwith, without lodging any Complaint before the Sheriff or other Magistrate, to assess and charge, as mentioned in the said Act, the several Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Districts or Places wherein such Default shall have happened, and to make Certificates of Assessment of the several Duties charged by the said Acts; and the said Surveyors are hereby required to make Two Duplicates of the said Assessments, One of which is to be sent to the Comptroller General of Taxes of Edinburgh, and the other to be delivered to the Collectors to be appointed as directed by the said Act, for the Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough respectively; and the Collectors to whom the same shall be delivered, shall have the same Powers to collect, receive and recover the said Duties as such Collectors would have had in case the said Assessments had been allowed by the said Commissioners as mentioned in the said Act.

II. And Whereas in the said Part of Great Britain called (Scotland, certain Inconveniences and Delays have been found to

6 arise from the Notices required by the said Act to be given by Collectors of the Assessment made on the Parties within the District for which such Collectors are appointed Be it therefore

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 95.

203

fore enacted, That, instead of such Notices being sent or delivered .List of Persons

to the respective Parties, it shall be sufficient for the Assessor, or assessed affixed

if no Assessor is appointed, then for the Surveyor, to affix to the the

Church Door of each Parish within his District a List, containing Notk-Tto

the Names and Descriptions of all and every Person within each the pa^es,

respective Parish assessed to the said Duties, together with the

Article or Articles, and the Sum or Sums of Money for which

they are respectively assessed, which List being so affixed shall be

deemed and held to be an effectual Notice to the Parties for all

the Purposes of the said recited Act, as fully as if the same had

been delivered to such Parties separately, and the said respective

Surveyors shall cause the said Notices of Assessment from time to

time to be replaced, if necessary, for Three successive Sundays;

and every Person wilfully removing, tearing, defacing or obliter- Removing or

ating any such Notice so affixed, shall forfeit for every such obliterating

Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds nor less than Five such Llst>

Pounds, which Penalty shall be recovered in Manner directed by Penalty *

the said recited Act, as to the Penalties therein mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Barons of His Ma- Barons of the jesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland shall have Power and Exchequer in Authority in any District or Districts, where the Commissioners appointed as aforesaid shall recommend the Appointment of a Sub Electors*1 Collector or Sub Collectors, to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons as the Commissioners shall so recommend, and for whom the said Commissioners shall be answerable, to be Sub Collector or Sub Collectors for such Districts, or such Parts of Districts as to the said Barons shall seem necessary or expedient, which Sub Collector or Sub Collectors shall have Power and Authority to collect and receive from any Person or Persons within such Districts or Parts of Districts, paying the same to him or them the Sum or Sums of Money for which they are respectively assessed; provided the Sum payable on each Assessment does not who may receive exceed Twenty Shillings; and the said Sub Collectors shall send Assessments or remit the said Duties so collected or received by them without 2°s. and

Delay, or at furthest on or before the First Day of the next Month cSlecton^ &c. after receiving the said Duties, to the Collector of the County ’

within which such District or Part of a District is situated, and the said Collector is hereby required to grant to them a proper Receipt for such Monies, and shall be in charge for the Monies so received, which Receipts are to be transmitted by the said Sub Collectors to the Remembrancer of Exchequer at Edinburgh, and for their Trouble in collecting and receiving such Duties, each Allowance to Sub Collector shall have such Allowance or Reward as the said Sub Collectors. Barons of the Court of Exchequer, on a due Consideration of the Circumstances of the Case, shall think just and reasonable, not exceeding Three Halfpence in the Pound, which Sums to be so allowed shall be paid by the Collectors of the respective Counties upon an Order from the said Barons.

[Amended^52 G. 3. c. 95.]

204

C. 96 — 99. ’

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Certain Apprentices in Fisheries shall receive Protections.

20 G. 3. c. 42.

38 G.3. c. 63.

41 G.3. (U.K.) c. 54.

Cap. xcvi.

An Act for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships employed in the Southern Whale Fishery.

[10th 1805.]

[Sections 1. to 4. extended to 3H£ December 1808. p.]

V. AND be it further enacted, That any Apprentice belonging to any Ship or Vessel fitted out on the said Fishery, who shall not have completed Two Voyages, and whose Age shall not exceed Twenty one Years, shall not be impressed from the said Service; and Special Protections shall be issued by the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to protect such Apprentices from being impressed into His Majesty's Service.

" Benefits of Acts 35 and 38 G. 3. extended to Ships returning " from the Fishery to Ports in Ireland. § 6.

CAP. XCVII.

An Act to indemnify all Persons who have been concerned in issuing an Order of Council and Directions for extending the Time of certain Ships continuing to perform Quarantine.

[10th July 1805.]

CAP. XCVIII.

An Act for increasing the Drawback on Linens exported from Great Britain to the West Indies.

[10th 1805.]

[Amended, 46 G.3. c. 114.; and see further 47 3. Sess. 2.

c. 49., but the Drawback made to, 59 G. 3. c. 52. § 1.]

CAP. XCIX.

An Act for regulating and encouraging the Trade, for the Improvement of the Revenue, and Prevention of Smuggling to and from the Isle of Man.

[10th July 1805.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon certain Goods imported into the Isle of Man, and for better regulating the Trade and securing the Revenues of the said Island: And 4 Whereas a Report was made by certain Commissioners appointed by His Majesty to investigate certain Points relating to the of Man, which Report was, by Command of His Majesty, laid

before both Houses of Parliament: And Whereas an Act, 4 founded on the said Report, was passed in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufacture of the Isle of Man, for improving the Revenue thereof and for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling to and from the said Island; and which Act was to continue in force until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and one, and was, by an Act 4 passed in the Forty first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, 4 amended and further continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two: And Whereas the Provisions of the said temporary Acts have fully answered the Purposes

thereof,

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 99.

205

e thereof, and been found highly beneficial, and have therefore been continued by subsequent Acts until the Fifth Day of One thousand eight hundred and five: And Whereas the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury have, under the Powers vested in them by the said Acts, allowed the Importation of Spirits in different Proportions than are specified in the said recited Acts, and of greater Quantities of some of the other Articles imported into the said Island under Licence: And Whereas it is expedient that the Regulations of the said Acts should now be made permanent, and the Duties granted by the several Acts be consolidated, and that the Commissioners of Customs in England and Scotland respectively should be authorized to license the Importation into the said Island, of the Quantities of licensed Articles heretofore imported under the Authority of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, under the said Acts; ’ Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Fifth Day of One thousand eight hundred and five, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively, or any Four of them, and they are hereby required (if the same shall be lawfully demanded under the Authority of this Act so to do) , to grant their Licences, to be in force until the Fifth Day of July succeeding the granting of such Licences, for the Importation into the Port of Douglas, in the Isle of, but to no other, in British built Ships, owned, navigated and registered according to Law, and not of less Burthen than Fifty Tons, of the Quantities of Wine, Brandy and Geneva following, from any Port or Place whatever; (that is to say,) One hundred and Ten Tons of Wine, Ten thousand Gallons of Foreign Brand} ', and Ten thousand Gallons of Foreign Geneva, and no more; and of the Quantities of Rum, Tea, Coffee and Tobacco following, from England and Scotland respectively; (that is to say,) Forty thousand Gallons of Rum from England, and Twenty thousand Gallons of Rum from Scotland> Fifty thousand Pounds of Bohea Tea, Five thousand Pounds of Green Tea, and Six thousand Pounds of Coffee, and Sixty thousand Pounds of Tobacco from, and no more in

any One Year; such Tobacco to be exported only from Ports in England where Tobacco is allowed by Law to be imported and warehoused. [See $ 17. as to additional and see

further 53 G. 3. c. 110. § 1. and 1 & 2 G. 4. c. 104.

Commissioners of Customs may grant annual Licences for Importation into Port of Douglas of the several Articles, and in Vessels of the Tonnage herein mentioned.

44 Duties on Importation into the Isle of Man. §2.

[Dutiesmade to cease and other Duties, 50 G. 3. c. 42.]

— See 59 G. 3. c. 52. $ 1. — Additional Duty of 6d. per Gallon on Brandy and Geneva; and Is. on Rum; and Is. additional on Tobacco, and so for greater or less,

1 G.4. c. 61. § 1.]

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Rates and Duties Duties paid in shall be paid in ready Money, without any Discount or Allowance, ready Money, and shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered and accounted without Dis-for, under the Authority and Direction, and under the Manage- eoUecteTand6

vnent

206

C. 99.

45° GEO. III.

A.D. 1805.

recovered as former Duties, and carried to British Consolidated Fund.

Receiver General of Customs in the Island to draw up quarterly Accounts of Produce of Duties, and transmit Duplicates to Treasury, Auditor of Exchequer and Duke of Atholl.

[Penalty.]

ment and Controul of the Commissioners of Customs in England for the time being, in like Manner and Form, and by the same Rules, Regulations and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, not hereby altered, and as far as the same are applicable, as Duties of Customs in England are raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered and accounted for, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present Act; and (except the necessary Charges of raising, collecting, levying, recovering, answering, paying and accounting for the same,) the said Rates and Duties shall from time to time be brought and paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the public Revenue; and such Part thereof as shall remain after the necessary Expences attending the Government of the said of Man, and the Administration of Justice there, are from time to time defrayed, and the Payment of Bounties or Charges from time to time payable thereout, shall go to and make Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Receiver General of the Duties of Customs in the said Island for the time being shall, as soon after the Expiration of each Quarter of every Year, ending on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of, respectively in each

Year as the same can be done, make out an Account of the gross Produce of the Duties of Customs payable and arising within the said Island in the preceding Quarter, in such Form as shall be directed by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, for the time being, and shall transmit and certify a Duplicate of such Account to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, and another Duplicate so certified to the Auditor for the time being of the Exchequer, and another thereof to the most Noble John Duke of Atholl, or to the Person entitled for the time being to any Annuity out of the Consolidated Fund, to be calculated on any Amount of such Duties under any Act of this Session of Parliament, or to any Person or Persons appointed by him or them, by Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, to receive the same; and if any such Receiver General shall refuse or neglect to make out such Account, or to transmit such Duplicates as aforesaid, for the Space of One Month after the same can be done, such Receiver General shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and the further Sum of Two hundred Pounds for each and every Month succeeding such First Month, for which he shall omit or neglect to make out such Account, or to send such Duplicate so certified as aforesaid, and to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in which no Essoign or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or in any Court in the said Island; and every such Penalty shall go and be applied to the Use of the said John Duke of Atholl, or the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to such Annuity as aforesaid. [granted to the Duke

Atholl, see c. 123 . post. J

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 99.

207

V. And be it farther enacted, That there shall be provided and Receiver Gene-kept by the Receiver General of the Duties of Customs in the ral to enter all Isle of Man for the time being a Book or Books in which the J^uties of Duties of Customs arising and payable within the Isle of, gook toV^ke t under any Act or Acts in force relating to such Duties, and under for that

this Act, shall be entered separate and under distinct Heads, spe- pose, cifying the respective Amount of the Duties of Customs on the several Articles licensed under this or any former Act, and the Amount of Duties on Goods, Wares or Merchandize paying Duties, according to the Value thereof, and if any of the said Duties, or any Part or Proportion of any such Duties, shall at any Time hereafter be repealed, altered or varied, then and in such Case the Average Produce of the Duties, or Proportion of Duties so repealed, altered or varied for the Three Years preceding the Fifth Day of January immediately preceding such Repeal, Alteration or Variation of such Duties as aforesaid, shall be entered distinctly and separately in such Book or Books as aforesaid; and if any new Duties shall be granted in lieu of any Duties so repealed, altered or varied, then and in such Case the Duties or such a Proportion thereof as shall be equal to any Duties so repealed, or to such Proportions of any such Duties as shall be so altered or varied, shall also be entered distinctly and separately in such Book or Books.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Wine Size of Casks shall be imported into the Isle of Man in any Cask or Package for importing less than a Hogshead, and no Foreign Brandy or Geneva shall be Wme>Reimported into the Isle of Man, (except in Casks, which shall contain One hundred Gallons each at least,) on Forfeiture of all such

Wine, Brandy or Geneva, and of the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be imported, with all her Tackle, Apparel and Furniture:Provided also, that no Foreign Brandy or Geneva shall be Strength of imported into the Isle of Man as aforesaid of a greater or higher Foreign Degree of Strength than that of One to Nine over Hydrometer Brandy, &c. Proof, on Forfeiture of all such Foreign Brandy or Geneva.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Wine, Foreign Brandy No Wine, &c, or Geneva, shall, upon any Pretence whatever, be removed or earned Coast-carried Coastwise in the said Isle of Man, or shall be shipped or w\se; unless in laden on board any Ship or Vessel in order to be so removed or agginal Pack" carried Coastwise, unless in the Package in which the same was originally imported into the said Island, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture thereof, together with the Ship or Vessel on board of

which the same shall be shipped or laden, and all her Tackle,

Apparel and Furniture: Provided also, that no Wine shall be re- Nor any Wine moved from One Part of the said Island to another, except in the removed but in original Cask or Package in which the same shall have been im- such Package or ported into the Island, or in Bottles, on Forfeiture of all such ln Bottles* Wine, together with the Horses, Carts and Carriages, employed in the removing of the same.

VIII. And Whereas it is necessary for the Improvement of the said Island, and expedient, to allow a certain Number of live ‘ Sheep to be exported from England to the Be it For granting

therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Licences for His Majesty's Customs in England, or any Four of them, to grant Exportation of their Licences, to remain in force for Three Months from the England^ the

Date the Island.

208

C. 99.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

28 G.3. c. 38. §2.

Counterfeiting Licences, &c.

Penalty 5001. No Fees for Bond Licences, &c.

Masters of Vessels to deliver Licences for importing Wine or Foreign Brandy, &c. to Collector,

and produce same when required, before such Delivery.

Drawback on Hops exported to the Island.

Duty on Hops imported from

G.B. l^d. per lb.

Date thereof, for the Exportation, in such Proportions as to Numbers as to the said Commissioners shall appear to be expedient, from the Ports of Whitehaven, Liverpool or, in Great Britain, into the Port of Douglas or Ramsey in the Isle of Man, but to no other, any Number of live Sheep not exceeding One hundred in the Whole in any One Year; and such Sheep shall and may be exported accordingly under the Rules, Regulations, Securities, Restrictions and Forfeitures, so far as the same are applicable, as are contained in an Act passed in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, among other Things, for preventing the Exportation of live Sheep and Wool, in relation to the Exportation of Wool, to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney or Sark.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit or falsify any Licence or other Document required or directed to be applied for, made or given under this Act, or shall knowingly or wilfully make use of any Licence or other Document so counterfeited or falsified, such Person or Persons shall for every such Olfence forfeit Five hundred Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Gratuity or Reward whatever, shall be demanded or taken by the Collector and Comptroller of Douglas, or by any other Officer or Person in the said Island, for or in respect of any Applications made in the said Island for any Bond Licences, nor on Account of any Return or Certificate of the due Landing of Articles imported by Licence, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Foreign Brandy or Geneva, or Wine, shall be imported by Licence into the Isle of Man in pursuance of this Act, the Master or Commander of such Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be imported shall deliver up to the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port of Douglas the Licence or Licences by virtue of which such Foreign Brandy, Geneva or Wine, shall be imported; which Licences, by Indorsement signed by the British Consul at the Port of Shipping, or, if no British Consul, by Two known British Merchants, shall specify the Species and Quantity of Foreign Brandy, Geneva or Wine, with the Marks, Numbers and Denominations of the Casks or Packages containing the same so shipped on board such Ship or Vessel; and the Master or Commander of such Ship or Vessel shall produce to all Commanders of His Majesty's Cutters or Vessels, or Officers of the Customs or Excise, who shall demand the same, such Licences so indorsed, as often as he shall be so called upon, until so delivered up to the Collector and Comptroller of Douglas as aforesaid, on Forfeiture of all such Foreign Brandy, Geneva or Wine.

XII. And Whereas it is expedient to allow a Drawback of the

Duty on British Hops on the Exportation thereof to the Isle of

Man; Be it therefore enacted, That on the Exportation of any British Hops to the Isle of Man there shall be allowed the Drawback of the whole Duty paid thereon; and that on Hops imported into the said Isle of Man from Great Britain there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, a Duty of One Penny Farthing per Pound Weight on all Hops so imported, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

1 J ‘ XIII. And

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 99.

209

XIII. And Whereas it is expedient that the Provisions of an .* Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

‘ intituled An Act for the belter securing and further Improvement < of the Revenues of Customs, Excise, Inland and Salt , and

* for encouraging the Linen Manufacture of the Isle of Man, and for allovoing the Importation of several Goods the Produce and 1 Manufacture of the said Island under certain Restrictions and

* Regulations, should extend to Cotton Yarn and Cotton Cloth,

‘ being the Manufacture of the Isle of Be it therefore Cotton Yarn enacted, That any Cotton Yarn or Cotton Cloth, being the Manu- or Cloth of facture of the Isle of Man, shall be imported into Great Britain Isle of Man without Payment of any Duty of Customs whatever, subject nevertheless in other Respects to such Rules, Regulations and under’Restrictions, as are required by the before recited Act on the 5 G. 3. c. 43. Importation of any Goods of the Growth, Produce or Manufac- § 11 — is. ture of the said Island.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Cotton Yarn or Cotton How far Cotton Cloth shall be imported or brought from any Port or Place what- Yarn or Cloth ever into the said Isle of Man, except from Great on , mPortable* Forfeiture thereof.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Bounty shall be allowed No Bounty on

or paid for or upon the Exportation from Great Britain to the Silk Manufac-Isle of Man, of any Manufacture of Silk whatever. fro^G^B1

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Drawback or Bounty

shall be paid or allowed for or upon any Goods, Wares or Mer- allowed without chandize whatever, exported from this Kingdom to the Isle of Production of Man, nor any Debenture made out for such Drawback or Bounty, Certificate of until a Certificate shall be produced under the Hands and Seals of landing in the the Officer or Officers appointed or to be appointed to attend the Isle* landing or Examination of such Goods at the Port or Place in the said Island where the same shall be landed, and also the Hand and Seal of the Collector or Comptroller of such Port or Place, which Certificate shall specify that such Goods have been duly entered and landed at such Port or Place in the said Island.

XVII. And Whereas it may be expedient, under certain

* special Circumstances, to permit for a limited Time the Im-

‘ portation into the Isle of Man of a larger Quantity of the several

‘ Articles allowed to be imported into the said Island by Licence,

‘under the Authority of this Act; ’ Be it therefore enacted, That Treasury may it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or the Com- ^thor\ze. missioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three or o^c^tomTto3 more of them, to issue their Orders to the Commissioners of His grant Licences Majesty's Customs in England or Scotland, to grant their Licence for Importation for the Importation into the Isle of Man of such additional of Additional Quantity of the several Articles which are allowed to be imported Q>u*ntities of into the said Island by Licence onljr, as the said Lord High Trea- u^der^us^ct. surer or the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the time being, on the Necessity of the Case being proved to their Satisfaction, shall in their Judgments deem fit and reasonable for the Use and Consumption of the Inhabitants of the said Island.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Applications^ any of His Majesty's Subjects, at any Time before the Fifth Day for Importation of August in this Year, and afterwards in subsequent Years, be-45 Geo. III. P tween

2, 10

C. 99.

A.D. 1805.

yearly between May 5, and July 5:and apportioned and allowed by Governor, See.

Books of Entries open at Custom House.

Certified Copies of Entries transmitted to Governor.

Proceedings

thereon.

Commissioners to grant Licences.

Licences transmitted to Collector.

Treasury may allow Importation of Prize

45° GEO. III.

tween the Fifth Day of May and the Fifth Day of in each Year, both inclusive, to make Application in Writing to the Collector and Comptroller of the Port of Douglas, in the said Island, for the Importation into the said Island of the several Articles allowed by Law to be imported by virtue of Licence; and every such Application shall specify the Date thereof, and the Name, Residence and Occupation of the Person applying, and the Description and Quantity of the Articles in respect of which such Application is made; and all such Applications, with the Particulars aforesaid, shall, on the Delivery thereof, be entered in a Book to be kept at the Custom House of the Port of aforesaid for

that Purpose, and the Book containing such Entries shall be open at such Custom House for public Inspection during the Hours of Business; and on the Fifth Day of in this Year, and pn the

Fifth Day of July in each subsequent Year, the said Book shall be closed, and the Collector and Comptroller shall make out, with all convenient Speed, not exceeding Fourteen Days, a true Copy of all such Entries, and certify the same to be a true Copy, and shall deliver or transmit by the earliest Conveyance such Copy to the Governor, if then in the said Island, or if the Governor shall not then be in the Island, to the Lieutenant Governor of the said Island for the time being, specifying therein the Applicants resident, and the Applicants not resident in the said Island, and such Governor or Lieutenant Governor shall thereupon allot the whole Quantities of each Article in respect whereof such Application shall be made, in the first Place, among the Applicants resident in the said Island, and in case the Whole of such Quantities shall not have been applied for by Residents, then the Residue among the non resident Applicants, in such Proportions as he shall judge most fair and equitable, and shall cause a Report thereon to be drawn up in Writing, and sign and transmit the same to the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, and shall cause Duplicates of such Report so signed to be transmitted to the Commissioners of Customs and Excise respectively; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively, to grant Licences (to continue in force for any Period until the Fifth Day of July next ensuing the granting thereof) for the Importation of the several Articles and Quantities thereof allowed by Law to be imported into th e Isle of Man, which Licences the said respective Commissioners of Customs are hereby authorized and required to grant for such Periods as shall be specified or allowed in any such Order, and to divide any Quantity of any Articles, in respect whereof any Application shall have been made, into Two or more Licences to the same Person, where Application shall be made for that Purpose, and the same shall appear to be expedient; and such Licences shall without Delay be transmitted to the Collector and Comptroller of Douglas, for the Purpose of taking Bond under the Provisions of this Act previous to the Delivery thereof to the different Applicants; any Act or Acts to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the TreasuiT for the time being, to allow Prize Spirits and Wine

21 to

C. 99.

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III.

211

to be imported into the said Island from Great Britain, in Whole Spirits and or in Part of the Quantities of the said Articles which are allowed ^ne* to be imported by Licence as aforesaid; any Act or Acts to the, ' '

contrary notwithstanding. ' V '

XX. And be it further enacted, That previous to delivering any Persons apply-Licences to the Persons who have applied for the same, the Col- lng for Licences lector and Comptroller of Douglas shall take their Bond to pTis Bondfor^he Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with sufficient Security, for importation of the Importation of such Articles in respect whereof the said Li- Articles accord-cences are granted, on or before the Fifth Day of July succeeding ingly. the Delivery of such Licences, with such Condition for the Forfeiture of any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the whole Amount of the Duties on the Articles specified in the said Licences, as the respective Commissioners of Customs, under any Directions from the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit; and on the Refusal or Delay of any such Persons applying for Licences as aforesaid to give Bond as herein directed, the said Collector and Comptroller shall return such Licence to the Commissioners of Customs who transmitted the same; and thereupon the said Collector and Comptroller shall give public Notice thereof, in order that other Persons may apply for Licences in lieu of. any such Licences returned as aforesaid; and Applications may be made, and Licences granted thereon, in like Manner as in this Act directed for the granting of Licences until Bond shall have been given for the Importation of the Whole of the Quantities allowed to be imported under this Act; any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Tonnage Duty Fifth Day of July, all Duties granted by and now payable under repealeA any Act or Acts now in force on the Tonnage of any Ships or Vessels entering Inwards or Outwards, in any Port of Great Britain or Ireland from or to the Isle of Man, shall wholly cease and

determine.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That on the Exportation of All Regulations the several Articles iri this Act mentioned from Great Britain, and in force relating on the Importation of the same respectively into the Isle of Man, Ex^rtof0* pursuant to this Act, all the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Pe- Goods extended nalties and Forfeitures contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament to this Act. in force relating to such Goods respectively so imported or exported, and to the Payment, Recovery and Appropriation of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto, shall, and all the Clauses, Provisions, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in any Act or Acts, or Law in force, in relation to the Isle of Man, shall, so far as they are not hereby altered or varied, or in respect of which no other Provisions are made by this Act, be and are hereby declared to be in full Force, and to extend to this Act, and shall be construed therewith, and as Part thereof, so far as the same respectively apply, as fully as if the same were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

212

Distilling Spirits in England or Scotland for Exportation to either respectively within One Mile of any House erected for the purposes herein mentioned.

Penalty 5001. and Forfeiture of Still, &c.

Proviso for Persons not distilling for Exportation,

100.

15° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

CAP. C.

An Act for better regulating the distilling of Spirits in for Exportation to Scotland, and in for Exportation to England.; for the better securing the Duties payable thereon; and for altering the Time of making and granting Licences to distil Spirits for Scotland.

[10th 1805.]

WHEREAS the Regulations by Law established for secur-ting the Duties on Spirits made in for Export-

nation to Scotland, and made in for Exportation to

* England, have been found insufficient to answer the good Pur-c poses thereby intended; and it is therefore expedient to make

* further Regulations for securing those Duties Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the First Day

One thousand eight hundred and five, no Person shall make or distil in England any Spirits for Exportation to or in

Scotland for Exportation to England, in any House or Place entered or not entered, within the Distance of One Mile from any House or Place entered for keeping Spirits for Sale in

Quantities of Two Gallons or upwards, or within the like Distance from any House or Place which shall then be, or within One Year immediately preceding shall have been, entered for making or distilling Spirits for Exportation to Foreign Parts, or for making or distilling Spirits in England for the Consumption of England, or in Scotland for the Consumption of Scotland; nor shall any Person make or distil in England any Spirits for the Consumption of England, or in Scotland for the Consumption of or make

use of any House or Place for the keeping of British Spirits for Sale in Quantities of Two Gallons or upwards, within the like Distance of One Mile from any House or Place entered, or which shall within One Year immediately preceding have been entered, for making or distilling Spirits for Exportation from any One of the said Parts of the United Kingdom to the other of them; on Pain of forfeiting in every such Case the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, together with all and every Still, Mash Tun, Choler, Wash Batch and other Utensils; and also all the Spirits, Wort, Wash or other Materials fit or proper for Distillation, which shall be found in any such House or Place as aforesaid, entered or used contrary to the Directions of this Act; and all and every such Still, Mash Tun, Cooler, Wash Batch and other Utensils and Spirits, Wort, Wash or other Materials may and shall be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to prevent any Person not being such Distiller of Spirits for Exportation to England or Scotland respectively, nor concerned or interested in any such Distillery, from entering and making use of any House or Place for keeping British Spirits for Sale in Quantities of Two Gallons or upwards, within any Distance not less than One hundred Yards of any House or Place which shall be; or which, within

One

45° GEO. III. C. 100.

213

A.D. 1805.

One Year immediately preceding, shall have been, entered for distilling or making Spirits for Exportation to England or Scotland respectively; nor shall any thing in this Act extend, or be con? and for strued to extend, to prevent or hinder any Distiller or Distillers Distillers not in England or Scotland respectively for Exportation as aforesaid, concerned in

from making Entry of any House or Place for distilling Spirits for ntls

such Exportation, within any Distance not less than One hundred Yards of any House or Place which shall be, or which, within One Year immediately preceding, shall have been entered for keeping British Spirits for Sale in Quantities of Two Gallons or upwards, provided such Distiller shall not have any Concern or Interest in the Trade or Business carried on in any such House or Place entered for keeping British Spirits for Sale as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for Content of

any Distiller of Spirits in England for Exportation to, nor Wash Stills for

for any Distiller of Spirits in Scotland for Exportation to t su.ch Distill~

to make Entry of, or keep, use or employ any Wash Still of less atlcm *

Content or Capacity than Three thousand Gallons, including the

Head, nor any Low Wine Still of larger Content or Capacity, including the Head, than One Fourth Part of the Content or Capacity of the Wash Still used or employed by such Distiller.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for Make and Pro-any such Distiller of Spirits for Exportation to England or - portions of the land respectively, to keep, use or employ any Still for distilling

Spirits for Exportation as aforesaid, except such as shall be of the following Proportions; (that is to say,) the Diameter of such Still to be taken in the widest Part thereof shall not exceed the Altitude thereof, ascertained in a perpendicular Line from the Centre of the Bottom of such Still to the Centre of the Collar or Lip of the same, exclusive of the Head, in a greater Proportion than One Half of such Altitude, nor shall the Diameter at the Bottom of such Still exceed the Altitude thereof, nor shall the Bottom of such Still be otherwise curved than Inwards or towards the Body thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every entered Wash Still Still presumed belonging to such Distiller of Spirits for Exportation to England 10 be charged or Scotland respectively, shall, every Time the same shall be

worked, be presumed to be charged with Wort or Wash in the Content Six Proportion of Four Parts in Five of the Content or Capacity of Times a Week, such Still, including the Head thereof, according to the Average Hates hereinafter specified; (that is to say,) for such Time or Times as such Wash Still shall be worked, the same shall be presumed to be charged as aforesaid, at the average Rate of not less than Six Times in each Week; and such Wash Still shall not be charged or worked oftener than Six Times in each Week on an Average of the Time for which such Still shall be worked in any One Year, reckoning from the First Day of and if any Charge on

Distiller shall charge his or her Wash Still oftener than Six Times Surplus, a Week on an Average during the Continuance of such Entry in any One Year, he shall for every Working beyond such Average be charged with and pay Duty at and after the Rate of Twenty Shillings per Gallon, computed at the Produce of Eighteen Gallons of Spirits at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Wash which

P 3 such

214

C. 100.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

43 G, 3, c. 69.

Still to com-

such Wash Still would, require to charge it Four Parts in Five of its Contents; such Duty to be appropriated and applied in such Manner as the Duties on British Spirits imposed by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, are directed to be appropriated and applied.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller for Exportation

mence working to England or Scotland respectively shall be permitted to make °earlSt and°not -^ntry 311 y House or Place for the making or distilling of Spirits be discontinued for Exportation as aforesaid, to commence working at any other till after Three Period than the First Day of October in each Year, and that every Months. Wash Still after the working thereof shall have commenced shall

be presumed to be kept regularly at work for the Space of Three Calendar Months successively at the least, to be computed from the Day of beginning to work the same; and no Person or Persons who shall have begun to work any such Wash Still as aforesaid shall be at liberty to discontinue or to withdraw the Entry of any such Wash Still, after the working thereof shall have commenced and been begun, until the Expiration of the said Term of Three Calendar Months, to be computed as aforesaid; and if any such Distiller shall be desirous to discontinue the working of any such Wash Still as aforesaid, at the End of the said Term of Three Calendar Months, or at any subsequent Period previous to the First Day of October then next ensuing, he or she shall and is hereby required to give to the proper Officer of Excise Fifteen Days previous Notice in Writing of such his or her Intention to discontinue the working such Wash Still.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no such House or Place entered for making Spirits for Exportation to England or Scotland as aforesaid, shall be entered or used for distilling or making Spirits for the Consumption of that Part of the United Kingdom in which the same is situated, within the Year (reckoning from the First Day of October) in which any such House or Place shall have been entered or used for making or distilling Spirits for Exportation to England or Scotland respectively, nor until all the Worts and Wash remaining shall have been actually distilled into Spirits, and the Whole of the Spirits so made or distilled for Exportation to England or Scotland as aforesaid, actually and bond fde exported to England or Scotland as the Case may require.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every such Distiller for

Exportation to England or Scotland as aforesaid shall produce, and duly export to England or, as the Case may require, at

No House entered for distilling for Exportation to be used for distilling for internal Consumption.

Distillers to produce 18 Gallons of

oo^Gahons^f lea3t Eighteen Gallons of Spirits at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof for every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Wash which shall be brewed or made by such Distiller, and if any such Distiller shall neglect or refuse to produce, and duly export to England or Scotland, as the Case may require, at least Eighteen Gallons of the Strength aforesaid, or shall not produce and so export as aforesaid a Quantity of Spirits at the said Strength, equal to the Quantity which ought to be produced by regularly working his or her Wash Still, charged in the Proportion and worked the average Number of Times hereinbefore required, such Distiller for. every such Neglect or Refusal as aforesaid shall, for

the

Wash, or pay 20s. for each Gallon deficient.

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 100. 215

the whole Quantity of Spirits which shall appear to be deficient, be

charged with and pay Duty for the same at and after the Rate of

Twenty Shillings for every Gallon of such Spirits so deficient,

such Duty to be appropriated and applied in such Manner as the

Duties' on British Spirits imposed by the said Act of the Forty 43 G.3. c. 69.

third Year aforesaid, are directed to be appropriated and applied.

VIII. Provided always, That if it shall at any Time be made in Cases of appear by sufficient Proof upon Oath, to the Satisfaction of the Accident, Corn-respective Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland as the issioners of Case may require, that the average working of the Wash Still, according to the Directions of this Act, was absolutely interrupted s and prevented by unavoidable Accident or Necessitjr, (the Nature and Extent of such Accident or Necessity being fully and clearly proved,) and that the whole Quantity of Wort or Wash actually brewed or made had been fairly and bond Jide produced to the Sight, and duly taken account of by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said respective Commissioners of Excise to grant such Relief from the Payment of the aforesaid Duty, for so much of any such Deficiency occasioned by such Interruption or Prevention of working the Wash Stills, as in their Judgment shall appear reasonable and just.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall take, Removing or remove or carry away, or aid or assist in taking, removing or car- assisting in re-rying away any Spirits from any House or Place entered for movnlS Spirits making or distilling Spirits for Exportation to England or Scotland such Ex*"* respectively, or from any Warehouse, Storehouse, Cellar, Room p0rtation. or other Place in which any Spirits so made or distilled shall be lodged or deposited, (except for the sole Purpose of conveying or having the same conveyed or exported directly to England or Scotland, as the Case may require,) every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Penalty 1001. Pounds, over and above all Penalties or Forfeitures to which die Proprietor or Maker of such Spirits might or may be liable; and it shall be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Excise, and all other Persons acting in his or their Aid, to stop, arrest and detain all and every the Person or Persons so taking, removing or carrying away, or aiding or assisting in taking, removing or carrying away any Spirits as aforesaid, and to convey the said Person or Persons before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County,

Riding, Stewartry, Division, City or Liberty respectively, wherein such Person shall be so stopped, arrested or detained as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices of the Peace, on Confession of the Party or on Proof by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to convict the Person or Persons so stopped, arrested or detained as aforesaid, and the Person or Persons so convicted, shall immediately on such Conviction pay the said Sum of One hundred Pounds into the Hands of the Officer of Excise who shall have conveyed such Offender before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, to be applied in Manner hereinafter directed; and on such Offender or Offenders refusing or neglecting to pay the said Sum of One hundred Pounds, or Twelve the Justice or Justices so convicting as aforesaid shall, by Warrant ^ontlls ImPn-or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and sonment *

P 4 Seals,

216

A.D. 1805.

C. 100.

45° GEO. III.

Officers of Ex-< cise to keep an Account of 1 Quantities distilled, and return same to Collector of Excise.

Seals, coriimit such Offender or Offenders; to the House-of Cor*-rection for the said County, Riding, Stewartry, Division; City or Liberty respectively, there to remain, and to be kept' to hard Labour for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months, to be reckoned fforti the Day of such Conviction; and the Person Or Pefsoris so committed shall not be discharged until he, she or they shall have1 paid the said Sum of One hundred Pounds, or until the Expiration of the said Twelve Calendar Months. i l

X. And be it further enacted, That the principal or superior Officer of Excise, who shall be appointed or employed to survey or inspect the Operations of any Distiller distilling or making Spirits for Exportation to En or 'respectively, - shall

keep an exact and true Account of all Wort or Wash brewed or made or distilled into Spirits by every such Distiller as aforesaid, whose Operations he shall be appointed or employed to survey or inspect, and also of the actual Quantity of Spirits, competed at the Strength of Orte to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, which shall be distilled, made or produced by such Distiller as aforesaid, and shall also calculate the Quantity of Spirits, computed at jthe said Strength which such Distiller ought to produce, according to the Quantity of Wort or Wash brewed or made by such Distiller, reckoning Eighteen Gallons of such Spirits for every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Wash; and such Officer shall also calculate the Quantity of Spirits, computed at the Strength aforesaid, which ought to be produced according to the Proportions in which such Distiller is hereinbefore presumed to charge his or her Wash Still each Time of working the same, and also according to the average Number of Times in each Week which each Wash Still is hereby presumed to be worked; and such Officer shall once in every Six or Seven Weeks make out and return to the proper Collector of Excise, or such other Person as the respective Commissioners of Excise shall direct to receive the same, an Account of such real Quantities of Wort, Wash and Spirits as aforesaid, and also of such calculated and computed Quantity of Spirits as aforesaid.

A sample to be

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the taken from each proper Officer or Officers of Excise who shall attend the ware-Cask, &c. housing or making up of British Spirits distilled or made for Exportation to England or Scotland respectively, to take a Sample not exceeding Half a Pint En out of every Vat, Cask or other Utensil in which such Spirits shall be made up and stored, which Sample, after the Strength shall have been ascertained, shall be labelled with the Number of such Vat, Cask or Utensil, and the Day and Year when taken, and shall be sealed and securely kept . under the joint Locks of the proper Surveyor or Supervisor and Officer until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after the Spirits to which such Samples refer shall have been duly certified to have been exported and landed in or as the

Case may require; and at the Expiration of such Three Months Such Samples every such Sample shall be sold under the Direction of the resold. spective Commissioners of Excise in or and the

Produce thereof, after deducting the Charges of keeping and selling the same, shall be applied as follows; (that is to say,) a Sum How produce after the Rate of Three Shillings Gallon shall be paid to the applied. Distiller or Distillers from whose Stock the same was taken, and

the

45’ GEO. III. C. 100.

A.D. 1805.

the Residue shall be paid into the Exchequer, anAbe appropriated and applied as Dutiesv arising' from British Spirits are by the?, said, Acts of the-Forty third Year aforesaid directed to be appropriated and applied. ...... , j, .j

XII. And be it further enacted, That every such Distiller for

Exportation to England nt Scotland respectively as aforesaid* shall

once in every Six Weeks or Seven Weeks make out and deliver-to the proper Collector of Excise or other Person appointed or employed by the respective Commissioners of Excise in

or Scotland to receive the same, an Account of the Quantity of Worts or Wash brewed or made by such Distiller within such Six Weeks or Seven Weeks, and of the Quantity of such Wort or Wash actually distilled into Spirits within the same Period, and also of the Quantity of Spirits computed at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof which have been actually distilled or made by SuchDistiller within such Period, together with an Account of such Spirits computed at, the Strength aforesaid, which shall have been sent, shipped or exported within the same Period to or for

England}or Scotland, as the Case may require, and every such

Distiller shall make Oath to the Truth of such Account Before such Collector or other Officer of Excise as aforesaid (which Oath such Collector or other Person is hereby required and empowered to administer); and if any such Distiller as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to make out and deliver such Account as aforesaid, or to verify the same on Oath, he, she or they shall for every such Neglect or Refusal forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That before any Person shall

begin to prepare or brew any Wort or Wash to be distilled or made into Spirits foi* Exportation to or re-

spectively, every such Person shall give Bond with Two sufficient Sureties to be approved of by the respective Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland, or other Person or Persons appointed or employed by them respectively for that Purpose, (which Bond the said respective Commissioners of Excise or other Persons as aforesaid are hereby authorized and required to take in His Majesty's Name,) himself or herself in the Penalty of Twenty Shillings, and the Sureties in the Bond jointly and severally in the Penalty of Five Shillings for every Gallon of the Content or Capacity of the Wash Still or Wash Stills including the Head or Heads thereof, kept, used or employed by such Distiller, conditioned for his or her duly and truly observing, conforming to, performing and executing all and every the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions contained in this Act; and in Default of entering into such Bond, every Entry made by any such Distiller as aforesaid shall be and the same is hereby declared null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

t XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be allowed tomakeEntry of any House or Place in for

distilling Spirits for Exportation to nor in fqr

Exportation to England, at any other Period or Time than on the First, Day of October in each Year; nor shall any Licence be granted for distilling Spirits as aforesaid, to commence at any other Day or Time than the First Day of any Law or

Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

43 G.S. c

Distillers once in Six or Seven Weeks to make Out an Account of Quantities distilled and exported, and-re- . turn same verified on Oath to Collector of, Excise.

Penalty 2001.

Distillers to give Bond with Two Sureties for the Performance of the Regulations of this and other Acts,

Entry made only for 1st October yearly.

218

Perjury.

Recovery of Penalties.

Distillers in Scotland for Home Consumption may make Entry and take out Licences on 1st Oct. instead of 10th November yearly.

Former Acts (except where hereby altered) to continue in force.

C. 100. 45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

XV. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons who shall be convicted of wilfully taking a false Oath in any of the Cases in which an Oath is by this Act required to be taken, shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and

Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such Ways, Means or Methods (except where otherwise specially directed by this Act) as any Pain, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at,

or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who will inform, discover or sue for the same.

XVII. And Whereas it will be for the Accommodation of the ‘ Trade to permit the Distillers in Scotland to make Entry and take out Licences for distilling Spirits for the Consumption of 1 Scotland to commence on the First Day of October in each Year, 6 instead of the Tenth Day of November in each Year; ’ Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful to and for any Distiller or Distillers in Scotland to make Entry of their Works, and take out a Licence or Licences to commence on the First Day of October in each Year instead of the Tenth Day of November; and the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to permit such Entry and to grant such Licence accordingly, any thing in this or any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that no such Licence shall be granted to commence and take effect on any other Day than the First Day of October in each Year, nor for any longer or shorter Period than for One complete Year.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal or alter any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, relating to the Distillation of Spirits, save and except so far as any such Act or Acts, or the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers or Authorities therein contained or granted, are repealed, revoked, altered or controuled by this present Act; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

[English Distillers may distilfor Exportation to, 51 G.3.

c. 121. § 8.; so English and Scotch, 54 3. 149.

§ 19. 21. — This Act not affected 172. — See §5.]

- A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 101, 102.

210

CAP. CI.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to restrain the Disposition of whereby the same become unalienable, as restrains Colleges within the two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge from purchasing or holding Advowsons, except as therein is provided.

[10th 18050

‘ TT7HE11EAS it is amongst other Things provided by an Act, ‘ W passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty ‘ King George the Second, intituled An Act to restrain the i position of' Lands, whereby the same become unalienable, that no

‘ College or House of Learning in either of the Two Universities ‘within that Part of the United Kingdom called England, which ‘ doth or shall hold or enjoy so many Advowsons of Ecclesiastical Benefices as are or shall be equal in Number to One Moiety of the Fellows, or Persons usually styled or reputed as Fellows, or ‘ where there are or shall be no Fellows, or Persons usually styled ‘ or reputed as Fellows, to One Moiety of the Students upon the . ‘ Foundation whereof any such College or House of Learning ‘ doth or may by the present Constitution of such College or House ‘ of Learning consist, shall, from and after the Twenty fourth Day of ‘ June One thousand seven hundred and thirty six, be capable of ‘ purchasing, acquiring, receiving, taking, holding or enjoying,

‘ any other Advowsons of Ecclesiastical Benefices by any Means ‘ whatever, the Advowsons of such Ecclesiastical Benefices as are ‘ annexed to or given for the Benefit or better Support of the ‘ Headships of any of the said Colleges or Houses of Learning, ‘ not being computed in the Number of Advowsons hereby ‘ limited: And Whereas the above Restriction has been found by ‘ Experience to operate to the Prejudice of such Colleges or ‘ Houses of Learning, by rendering the Succession too slow: And ‘ Whereas the Removal of such Restriction will be for the Benefit ‘ of such Colleges or Houses of Learning, and of the said Uni-‘ versities, and will tend to the Promotion of Learning, and to ‘ the providing a better Supply of fit and competent Parochial ‘ Ministers Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Statute as is hereinbefore recited shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

CAP. CII.

An Act to revive and continue an Act made in the Thirty first Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the E?i~

couragement of the Pilchard by allowing a further

Bounty upon Pilchards takencured and . (a)

[10th July 1805.]

(a) [For Seven Years, from 2kth June 1805. — No further Continuation appears, — See 3. c. 42.

9 Gv2. c. 36. §5.

Repealed.

EXP.

220

I \ '

C. 103 — 106. 4<f GEQ. III. A.D. 1805.

CAP. CIII. , _, iV

Aft, Act for charging additional Duties of Customs on Straw oplattlngj and, ouu Straw Hats or EoitnetSy imported into Great Britain., :>a [10th 1805.]

•"511 {Duties- last itiade to cease and other iesrgra 59 G. 3V;

- c. 52. § 1. and Table A. inwards."}:; ‘:‘:' u

CAP. CIV.

A # v -vj yfiiV J U

An Act to continue until the Twenty ninth Day oiSeptemhei' One thousand eight hundred and six, and amend.several, Acts for regulating and securing the (Collection of the Du- ties on Spirituous Liquors distilled in and the ware-

housing of such Spirits for Exportation.; [10th J?i7y 1305.] {Amended, 46 G. 3. c. 56.; but no Contmiiq^idf apfarsi]

; cap. cv. .; s

An Act to continue until the Twenty ninth Day of

One thousand eight hundred and six, and amend Several Acts for regulating the Collection of the Duties iii on Fire Hearths, on Dwelling Houses, on Coaches and other Carriages, on Male Servants, on Horses and on Dogs.

[10th July 1805.5

[Repealed, 47 G.3. 1. c. 21. §1.]

Paper Stainers to be licensed.

Bond to be entered into by Party licensed as a Paper Stainer.

CAP. CVI.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty ninth Day of

ber One thousand eight hundred and six, and amend several Acts for regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Paper made in Irelaand on Paper printed of stained in Ireland, to serve for Hangings or other Uses.

[10th 1805.]

T Tr WHEREAS the Laws in force in Ireland, for the Collection

VV of the Duties on Paper made in , and on Paper

‘ printed, painted or stained in Ireland, to serve for Hangings and other Uses, are insufficient, and it is expedient to amend the

same, ’ Be it therefore enacted, &c. [§ 1 — 5.

Duties on Paper, repealed, 47 G*3. 1. 38. § 1. — the End of this Act.]

VI. And, for the better regulating and securing the Duty payable on Paper printed, painted or stained, to serve for Hangings

and other Uses, ’ Be it enacted, That no Person shall print, paint or stain any Paper in Ireland, to serve for Hangings or other Uses, without having taken out and having in force a Licence to manufacture Paper Hangings for Sale, duly granted and stamped according to Law.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Paper Stainer or Person to whom any Licence shall be granted to manufacture Paper Hangings for Sale, at any Time after the passing of this Act, shall, before the obtaining such Licence, enter into a Bond, with

I Two

A.D. 1805.

45° GEO. III. C. 106. 221

Two sufficient Sureties, to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in ai Penalty after the Rate of Twenty five Po'ilhdV for edcli Table for stamping Paper Hangings, to be kept by such Person* conditioned for the Payment of all such Sum and Sums of Money^as shall, be chargeable and charged by Law on such Person, for the Duties on Paper, printed* painted or stained, under and by virtue of this Act, or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating* to such Duties.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Paper Stainer or To obtain such Person1 to whom any Licence shall have been granted to manufac- Licence the ture Paper Hangings for Sale, at any Time before the passing of out Ac-this Act, shall, within One Month after the passing of this Act, cou^t> to j, e and every Paper Stainer, or other Person requiring such Licence entered in the at any Time after the passing of this Act, shall, before any such Excise Office, Licence shall be granted, make out, sign and deliver to the Col- containing the lector of the District, an Account in Writing, to be entered and j^arne^the registered in the Office of Excise in the District in which the Manu- dumber of his factory of such Person shall be situate, containing his or her Name, Tables, &c. of Place or Places of Abode, and the Place where such Manufactory which Entry, is situate ', and the Number of Tables for stamping, printing, paint- Collector shall ing or staining Paper Hangings, to be kept or used by such Person; a Certl " each of, which Tables shall be of the Dimensions of Ten Feet Six ca e *

Inches in Length, and Two Feet Six Inches in Breadth, and of no greater or other Length or Breadth; and such Person shall also in like Manner, make out, sign and deliver an Account in Writing, to be so entered and registered as aforesaid, of the several Rooms and Places wherein any Part of such Business is to be carried on, or wherein any Materials for such Business are to be kept or stored; and in such written Account, the Person making the same shall distinguish every such Table, and also every such Room and Place, by separate Numbers relating to each, in arithmetical Progression, beginning with Number One; and upon some visible Part of every such Table, and also upon the Outside of the Door of every such Room, shall paint, or cause to be painted with Oil Colour, in a Black Chocolate Ground, or White, or in a Black Ground, and shall keep thereon so painted the Number thereof respectively, in conformity with such Account; and that the Surveyor of Excise, within whose Surve)^ such Manufactory shall be situate, shall, at the Bottom of every such Account, before the same shall be delivered to or received by the Collector, certify such Account by signing his Name thereto; and thereupon the Collector of Excise of the District shall file or enter and register such Account in the Office of Excise of the District, and shall grant a Certificate of such Account and Registry, by giving a Copy thereof, signed by him, to the Party who delivered such Account; and before any such Licence shall be granted at any Time after the passing of this Act, such Certificate shall be pro- Certificate dueed to the Person empowered to grant such Licence; and such Evidence. Account and Registry, and every such Certificate thereof, shall be Evidence on any Question that shall or may arise, or on any Information in consequence of or touching any of the Provisions of this Act, or any other Act in force respecting the Duties on Paper printed, painted or stained to serve -for Paper Hangings or.

Other Uses.

222

C. 106.

45° GEO. III.

A.D. 1805.

Paper Stainer having any Stamping Table not registered.

[Penalty.]

Keeping Paper in unregistered Stores,

Penalty,

Officer empowered to enter and take Accounts with Paper Stainer.

Obstructing

Officer.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Paper Stainer shall, from and after the Expiration of One Month after the parsing of this Act, have or keep or make use of any Table for standing Paper Hangings not set forth, or not numbered as set forth, or in any other Place than shall be set forth, in the Account by this Act required to be made and delivered by such Paper Stainer, and filed, entered or registered as aforesaid; or if any Paper Stainer shall have, keep or make use of any Table for stamping, printing, painting or staining Paper Hangings of any other Dimensions, or any other Table, than shall have been set forth in such Account, Entry or Register, without having given Six Days' Notice in Writing to the Officer in charge of his or her Manufactory, and without an Account thereof being made out, signed, delivered, entered and registered in Manner aforesaid, such Paper Stainer shall forfeit for every such Table for Stamping Paper Hangings the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and the said Table, and the Blanket or Covering thereof, and all Appurtenances thereto, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Printer, Painter or Stainer of Paper in Ireland, shall keep any Paper fit or proper or capable of being used for or applied to the Uses or Purposes of Paper Hangings, or any Paper printed, painted or stainedj in any Warehouse, Room or Place not entered and registered pursuant to this Act; and if any such Paper, whether marked with a Frame Mark or unmarked, or stamped or unstamped, shall be found in the Possession of any Printer, Painter or Stainer of Paper in hny such Warehouse, Room or Place, then and in every such Case the Party so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds for every such Offence; and all Paper so found shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of the Excise.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Excise at all Times, as well by Night as by Day, and if in the Night, in the Presence of a Constable or Officer of the Peace, to enter into every Manufactory, Workhouse, Warehouse and Place whatsoever, of or belonging to or made use of by any Printer, Painter or Stainer of Paper to serve for Hangings or other Uses, and to measure and take an Account of every Table for stamping, printing, painting or staining Paper Hangings, of or belonging to or kept or used by any such Person, and of all Paper which shall be from time to time received and made use of by such Person; and of all Paper stamped, printed, painted or stained by such Person; and of all such Paper, whether the same shall or shall not be printed, painted or stained, as shall be in any Manufactory, House, Store or Place belonging to such Paper Stainer, and to make the Returns by this Act required, in Manner hereinafter mentioned.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Person, or any Servant or Person acting in the Employment of such Person, shall obstruct or hinder any Officer of Excise, from entering into the Manufactory or other Place whatsoever of such Person; or if any such Officer or his Assistants, having entered, shall be hindered, obstructed or prevented by such Person, or Servant or Person acting in the Employment of such Person, from taking an Account, or from doing any Part of his Duty in the Execution of this Act,

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 106. 223

such Paper Stainer shall for every such Offence respectively forfeit Penalty lol. the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Person shall Not affording not have constantly fixed in his, her or their Manufactory safe and Accommod-convenient Steps, Stairs or Ladders, to every Apartment or Place therein therein used for printing, painting or staining of Paper, or tioned keeping or storing the same, sufficient to enable any Officer of

Excise, who shall enter such Manufactory, to have convenient and safe Access to the several Apartments and Places therein, or shall, on any Visit made by any Officer of Excise, neglect or refuse to supply every such Officer, on Demand, with sufficient Lights, for the Purpose of viewing and taking an Account of the Stock belonging to such Paper Stainer, as well by Day as by Night, every Person so offending, in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall for Penalty lol. every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every such Person shall, paper Stainers before commencing to use or work any Table or Tables for stamp- to give Notice ing, printing, painting or staining Paper Hangings, at any Time of Time of after the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred working, and five, and before the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand

eight hundred and six, and in like Manner before commencing

to use or work any such Table or Tables in any subsequent Year,

commencing from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March,

and so in like Manner before recommencing to use or work

any such Table after any Discontinuance thereof in Manner

hereinafter mentioned, give Six Days’ Notice in Writing to the Contents of

Officer in charge of the Manufactory of such Person, setting Notice.

forth the Day and Hour when such Person intends to commence

so to use or work any such Table respectively, or to recommence

so to use or work any such Table as is hereinafter provided; and

shall in such Notice specify the Number or respective Numbers

by which such Table or Tables are distinguished in the Entry or

Registry thereof, in Manner aforesaid; and any Person who shall

print, paint or stain any Paper at any Table, or who shall use or

work any Table without having given such respective Notices, or

any Table or Tables other than such as shall be specified in such

respective Notices, shall, for each such Offence, forfeit and pay Penalty 501.

the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no other Day shall be Paper Stainers

mentioned in any such Notice than the Twenty sixth Day of some to be£in to Month in the Year; and that every Table shall be presumed to be 2 the used and kept regularly at work from the Day mentioned in any every

such Notice so to be given by any such Person for the commencing or recommencing to use or work the same, until the using

or working thereof shall be discontinued in manner hereinafter mentioned; that is to say, every such Person may from time to Notice of Dis-time discontinue using or working any such Table, on giving No- continuance, tice in Writing of his or her Intention so to discontinue using or working the same, to the Surveyor or Officer in charge of the Manufactory of such Person, Six Days at the least previous to the Day mentioned therein for so discontinuing to use or work any such Table: Provided always, that the Day mentioned in any such Proviso as to Notice for so discontinuing to work, shall be the Twenty fifth Time.

Day of some Month in the Year, and shall not be less than One

Calendar

224

C. 106.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

After Notice of Discontinuance by Paper Stainer, Officer to attend to see that the working is discontinued; and if it is not. Paper Stainer to continue liable.

Notice of Recommencement of working.

Monthly Duty on each Table.

If Duty by Measure exceeds Monthly Duty, Excess charged.

Monthly Charge on Paper Stainer by Officer.

Calendar Month distant from the Day mentioned in the Notice given by such Paper Stainer for commencing to work or use the same in Manner aforesaid; and any Notice which shall be given contrary to the Directions hereinbefore mentioned and specified, shall be and is hereby declared to be null and void.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That at the Time specified in any such Notice of Discontinuance, such Person shall remove from off the Table, of the discontinuing the using or working of which such Notice shall have been so given, the Blanket, Cloth or other Covering thereof, and shall not replace the same until he shall again commence working or using the same, in pursuance of Notice, according to the Directions of this Act; and if at any Time after the Day mentioned in such Notice of Discontinuance, and before the Day mentioned in any Notice for recommencing to use or work such Table, such Table shall be found covered with any Blanket or Cloth, or shall be used for stamping, printing, painting or staining Paper Hangings, such Paper Stainer shall continue to be charged with and pay Duty as if he had not given any Notice of Discontinuance, and such Notice of Discontinuance shall be deemed void, and of no effect.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall have discontinued the using or working of any Table in Manner aforesaid, shall intend to use or set at work again any such Table so discontinued, such Person shall deliver a Notice in Writing of such his Intention to the Officer in charge of the Manufactory of such Person, Six Days at least before the Day on which such Person shall intend recommencing to use or work any such Table, specifying the Day agreeable to the Provisions of this Act, and the Hour on which he intends so recommencing to work or use such Table, which Day shall not be less than One Calendar Month distant from the Time of the last Discontinuance to use or work such Table.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Paper Stainer shall, for each and every Calendar Month while any such Table or Tables shall be continued -to be worked or used, or shall be chargeable as continuing to be worked or used by any such Paper Stainer, be charged with and pay for each and every such Table so worked or used or chargeable as aforesaid, not less than the Sum of Four Pounds Three Shillings and Four Pence, as and for the Duty according to the Number of square Yards of printed, painted or stained Paper, which may be stamped, printed, painted or stained, at any such Table within each Month.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Duty chargeable by Measure on the Paper which shall be actually stamped, printed, painted or stained at such Table within any such Month, shall exceed the said Sum of Four Pounds Three Shillings and Four Pence, then such Paper Stainer shall be charged with and pay such Excess of the Duty on all such Paper according to the Measure thereof.

XX. And be it further enacted, That within Ten Days after the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after the Day mentioned in any Notice for the Beginning or Recommencement of the working of any Table in Manner directed by this Act, and so in like Manner within Seven Days after the Expiration of every other

Period

A.D. 1805.

45 GEO. III. C. 106.

225

Period of One Calendar Month, while any such Table shall continue to be used or worked, or shall be presumed to continue to be used or worked, or shall be chargeable as continuing to be used or worked, the Officer in charge of the Manufactory of such Paper Stainer shall make a Return to the Collector of the Excise of the District of the Sum of Money with which such Paper Stainer is hereby chargeable for such Period of One Calendar Month for and in respect of each and every such Table, and also of the Quantities in square Yards of Paper actually printed, painted or stained, by such Paper Stainer within such Period of One Calendar Month, and of the Duty thereon, according to the Measure thereof; and every such Officer shall, and he is hereby required, to leave a true Copy of such Return in Writing, under his Hand, with every such Paper Stainer, or at such Manufactory, upon Pain of forfeiting Twenty Pounds for every such Neglect or Omission in so doing; and such Return of such Officer shall be a Charge upon every such Paper Stainer for such Calendar Month; and such Paper Stainer shall pay the Duty appearing by such Return and Charge to have become due and payable within Fourteen Days after the End of the Month for which such Return and Charge shall have been made; and every Paper Stainer shall, for every Default in Payment of any such Duty, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to double the Amount of the Duty so returned and charged.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every such Paper Stainer shall, under the proper Hand of such Paper Stainer, or under the proper Hand of some Person for whom such Paper Stainer shall be responsible, within Ten Days after the Expiration of every Month, at the Excise Office of the District in which the Manufactory of such Paper Stainer shall be situate, make true Entry of the Quantity in square Yards of Paper actually printed, painted or stained, by such Paper Stainer, within the Month next preceding, and of the Number of Tables used at any Time within such Month by such Paper Stainer; and the said Entry shall be made on Oath of such Paper Stainer, or the chief Workman or Servant of such Paper Stainer, which Oath the Collector of Excise is hereby empowered to administer; and such Paper Stainer shall, within Fourteen Days next after the Expiration of such Month, pay and clear off the Whole of the Duty payable for such Paper so printed, painted or stained, or for or in respect of the Number of Tables used by such Paper Stainer within such Month, upon pain of forfeiting Twenty Pounds for every Omission, Neglect or Default of such Entry or Payment, together with a Sum equal to double the Duty which such Paper Stainer shall by Law be chargeable with for such Month.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That as often as any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any Officer of Excise and any such Paper Stainer, touching the Amount of Duty charged by the Return of such Officer upon such Paper Stainer for or in respect of any such Table, or any Quantity of Paper printed, painted or stained pursuant to this Act, such Officer shall verify, by Affidavit made before the Collector of the District, or some Justice of the Peace, that such Return made by him is true and fair according to the best of his Skill and Knowledge, and thereupon such Re-45 Geo. III. Q turn

Copy left by Officer.

Penalty 2Ql.

and Duty paid accordingly.

Penalty 201. and double Duty.

Monthly Return; and Payments by Paper Stainer.

Penalty 201. and double Duty.

In case of Dispute, Officer to verify his Return by Affidavit.

22 6

C. 106.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Paper Stainers

not. to dispute Charge, unless he has made Monthly Return, and paid Duty.

Payment by Paper Stainer of his own Calculation of Duty not to exempt him from Payment, according to Officer’s Return.

Yearly Charge by Officers of 121. 10s. per Table.

I

Penalty 20i.and double Duty.

Regulations for depositing Paper in First Account Room, and keeping Account thereof.

turn shall be a Charge upon such Paper Stainer disputing the same:Provided always, that no Paper Stainer shall be allowed to controvert or dispute any Return or Charge of Duty made by any Officer, unless such Paper Stainer shall have made a regular Monthly Return of the Quantity of Paper printed, painted or stained by such Paper Stainer, and the Number of Tables used by such Paper Stainer, and paid the Duty chargeable on the same, and shall in such his Monthly Return have made his Objection to the Return or Charge of such Officer.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Payment by any Paper Stainer of any Sum of Money less than the Amount of Duty returned or to be returned by any Officer of Excise to be payable by such Paper Stainer, shall not exempt such Paper Stainer from the Payment of the Difference between the Amount of Duty so returned by such Officer, and the Sum so paid by such Paper Stainer; and that if such Paper Stainer shall not pay such Difference within Seven Days next after such Return of such Officer, such Paper Stainer shall for every Default forfeit Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to double the Difference between the Amount of Duty so returned by such Officer, and the Sum so paid by such Paper Stainer.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Duty

charged on any Paper Stainer in any One Year, ending on the Twenty fifth Day of March, shall not amount to the full Sum of Twelve Pounds and Ten Shillings for and in respect of each and every Table, for stamping, printing, painting or staining Paper Hangings which shall have been kept or used or worked by any such Paper Stainer, at any Time within the Year ending on the Twenty fifth Day of March, then and in such Case the Officer in Charge of the Manufactory of any such Paper Stainer shall within Ten Days after such Twenty fifth Day of March make a Return to the Collector of the Excise for the District in which such Manufactory shall be situate, of such Sum of Money for and in respect of each such Table, as with the Sums comprised in former Returns against such Paper Stainer in the Year ending on such Twenty fifth Day of March, shall amount to the full Sum of Twelve Pounds

and Ten Shillings for and in respect of each and every such Table kept or used or worked by any such Paper Stainer, at any Time within such Year; and such Return shall be a Charge on such Paper Stainer, who shall pay the Sums appearing by such Return to have been incurred and become due within Seven Days after such Return, or in Default thereof shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to double the Amount of the Sums which shall be so returned.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Paper Stainer or Person licensed to manufacture Paper Hangings for Sale, shall receive any Paper otherwise than in whole Reams or Bundles, and in the Covers and Wrappers in which the same were charged with the Duty payable on such Paper on the making thereof in the Hands of the Manufacturer thereof; and every such Paper Stainer, on Receipt of any Paper whatsoever, shall deposit the same in a Room or Rooms to be by him kept for that Purpose, on the Outr side of the Door or Doors of which respectively shall be painted in Manner aforesaid, the Words " First Account Room, " and if

more

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 10 G.

227

more than One such Room shall be kept by such Paper Stainer for such Purpose, each such Room shall be numbered in Manner aforesaid; and as often as any Paper Stainer shall receive any Paper into his or her Custody or Possession, such Paper Stainer shall deposit the same in such First Account Room, and shall, within Twenty four Hours after the Receipt of any such Paper, give Notice thereof to the Officer of Excise, in Charge or having the Superintendance of the Manufactory or Workhouse of such Paper Stainer, expressing the Quantity of Paper so received; and Officers to take such Officer shall forthwith proceed to take an Account of the Account of Quantities and Dimensions of all such Paper, and shall mark and Qliaatities, tec, stamp the outside Wrappers and Covers of every Bundle or Ream thereof respectively, with a Stamp or Seal to be provided by the Commissioners of Excise, thereby to denote that such Account had been taken of such Paper; and such Paper Stainer shall enter, Dimensions of in a Book to be by him kept for that Purpose, by way of Debtor P^per to be en-and Creditor, or in such Manner as the said Commissioners of Ex- teredinaBook. cise may at any Time order or direct, an Account of all such Paper so received by him, and of all Paper which shall at any Time be removed out of such First Account Room, and shall therein state for what Purpose such Paper was so removed, and such Book shall be produced at all Times on Demand to any Officer of Excise requiring the same; and in case any Deficiency Deficiency shall appear in the Quantity of Paper in any such First Account charged.

Room, other than shall be accounted for by the Entries in such Book, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer to charge such Paper Stainer with Duty for and in respect of all Paper so deficient and unaccounted for, as if the same was actually printed, painted or stained; and such Paper Stainer shall, within Seven Days after the Twenty ninth Day of,

the Twenty fifth Day of December, the Twenty fifth Day of,

and the Twenty fourth Day of June, in every Year, deliver the said Book to the Collector of Excise of the District, and shall verify the Contents thereof, upon Oath, before the said Collector, which Oath the said Collector is hereby empowered to administer; and in case any Paper Stainer shall receive any Paper otherwise Book delivered than is herein directed, or shall neglect to deposit the same, or to by Paper give Notice of the Receipt thereof, or to keep and make Entries Stainer, in such Book in such Manner, and to deliver such Book as hereinbefore directed, or shall make any false or untrue Entry in any such Book, such Paper Stainer shall, for every such Offence, forfeit Penalty 101. the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Paper Stainer shall Removing take any Paper out of the Wrapper or Cover in which the same Faper from shall have been so received by him, for the Purpose of printing, Roornto^e1^ painting or staining the same, until the same shall be removed cona Account from and out of such First Account Room into another Room or Room, and Place, to be by such Paper Stainer kept for the Purpose of print- taking Account ing, painting or staining Paper, on the outside Door of which of and marking Room shall be painted in Manner aforesaid the Words " Second same* Account Roomand every such Paper Stainer shall, from time to time, before removing any Paper into such Second Account Room, give Twenty four Hours’ Notice to the Officer of Excise in Charge of the Manufactory of such Paper Stainer, setting forth

Q 2 ^the f

228

Penalty 10L

Deficiency charged as stained Paper.

Patting Frame Mark to Paper before being stained.

Penalty 201.

Paper forfeited.

C. 106. 45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

the Day and Hour when he intends to remove such Paper, and the Quantity of Paper in Reams or Bundles so to be removed; and no other Hour shall be mentioned in such Notice, nor shall any Paper be so removed at any other Time than at some Time between the Hours of Eight in the Morning and Six in the Evening, at which Day and Time such Officer shall attend, and see the said Paper removed accordingly, and shall take a Second Account of the same, and shall mark and stamp every Sheet or Piece thereof respectively with a Stamp, to be provided for that Purpose; and if any Paper Stainer shall at any Time deposit any Paper in such Second Account Room, without having given such Notice as aforesaid, or unless the Officer to whom such Notice shall have been given shall be present; or in case any Paper fit or proper for the Purpose of Paper Hangings shall at any Time be found in such Second Account Room, of the Removal whereof such Notice was not given as aforesaid, or whereof such Account shall not have been taken, or which shall not be marked or stamped by the Officer in Manner aforesaid, such Paper Stainer shall for every Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds: And in case any Decrease or Deficiency shall at any Time appear in the Quantity of Paper so stamped or marked by the Officer in such Second Account Room, other, than shall be accounted for by the Quantity of such Paper which shall be actually printed, painted or stained by such Paper Stainer, and which shall be charged with Duty as hereinafter mentioned, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for such Officer to charge such Paper Stainer with Duty for and in respect of all Paper so deficient and unaccounted for, as if the same was actually printed, painted or stained.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That before any Paper Stainer shall print, paint or stain any Piece of Paper, consisting of several Sheets of Paper pasted or joined together, or any Sheet of Paper where a single Sheet of Paper shall be printed, painted or stained, such Paper Stainer shall produce and shew such Piece of Paper or Sheet of Paper to the proper Officer of Excise, and such Officer shall take an Account thereof; and in case such Officer shall find that every Sheet thereof is marked or stamped in Manner aforesaid, he shall measure the same, and shall mark such Piece of Paper or Sheet of Paper (where a single Sheet shall be printed, painted or stained) at both Ends thereof with a Frame Mark, denoting the Measure thereof, and with such other Number or Mark as the Commissioners of Excise shall direct; and in case any Paper Stainer shall print, paint or stain, or begin to print, paint or stain, any Piece of Paper or Sheet of Paper (where a single Sheet of Paper shall be printed, painted or stained,) before the same shall be measured or marked at both Ends thereof by the Officer of Excise, as by this Act is directed, the Paper Stainer in whose Possession the same shall be found shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every such Piece of Paper or Sheet of Paper so printed, painted or stained, or begun to be printed, painted or stained, without having been measured and marked as aforesaid; and every Piece or Sheet of Paper printed, painted or stained, or beo-un to be printed, painted or stained, which shall be found in the Possession of any such Paper Stainer, which shall not have

been

A.D. 1805.

4-5° GEO. III. C. 106.

229

been marked with such Frame Mark denoting the Measure thereof, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as any Paper shall be printed, painted or stained with any Colour or with any Figure, the Officer in Charge of the Manufactory in which such Paper shall be so printed, painted or stained, shall take an Account of the same, and shall stamp or seal every Piece of such Paper consisting of more Sheets than One joined together, (or every Sheet where any single Sheet shall be printed, painted or stained,) at both Ends of every such Piece or Sheet of Paper with a Stamp or Seal to denote that the Duties have been charged thereon, and shall sign thereto his Name, and the Year and Day of the Month when such Signature shall be made; and if any Paper Stainer shall remove, carry or send away, or suffer to be removed, carried or sent away, any Piece or Sheet of printed, painted or stained Paper, before an Account shall be taken of the same, and before such Paper shall be stamped or sealed at both Ends thereof by the Officer in Manner aforesaid, to denote the charging of the Duties thereon, together with the said Officer’s Signature of his Name dated as aforesaid, every such Paper Stainer shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and all such printed, painted or stained Paper which shall be so removed without being stamped or sealed by the Officer, and signed and dated by him as aforesaid, to denote the charging of the said Duties, or which shall be found conveying or carrying away, or in the Possession of any Person, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Paper Stainer, within Six Hours after such printed, painted or stained Paper shall have been so stamped and charged with Duty, shall remove the same into some other Room, Store or Place of or belonging to such Paper Stainer; and shall from time to time keep all Paper so printed, painted or stained, and which shall have been so stamped and charged with Duty by the proper Officer, in some Room, Store or Place, separate and apart from all printed, painted or stained Paper, which shall not have been so stamped and charged; and if any Paper Stainer shall neglect so to do, such Paper Stainer shall for every Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Duties payable on Paper printed, painted or stained, or payable in respect of any Table for stamping Paper Hangings, shall be unpaid at the Time when such Duties are by this Act made due and payable, it shall be lawful for the Collector of Excise of the District in which the Manufactory of such Paper Stainer shall be situate, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to empower any Person or Persons to take and distrain all Paper, and all Materials and Utensils for the printing, painting and staining thereof in the Manufactory, House, Out House or other Place of or belonging to such Paper Stainer, and to cause the same to be sold by public Auction; and if after the Payment of all Duties and Arrears of Duties due from such Paper Stainer, together with the Costs and Expences of such taking and distraining, there shall be any Surplus of the Produce arising from the Sale thereof, such Surplus shall be forthwith tendered or paid to such Paper Stainer or his Representatives.

Q 3 XXXI. And

Taking account of and stamping stained Paper.

Removing same unduly.

Penalty 20b

Paper forfeited.

Paper charged with Duty kept separate from any not charged.

Penalty lol.

Collector empowered to distrain for Duties.

230

C. 106.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Paper, Utensils, &c. in Manufactory liable to Payment of Duties and Penalties.

Paper Stainer to make Declaration of his Stock as herein mentioned.

Penalty 1001.

Concealing Paper liable to Duty.

Penalty 20l.

Frauds by

lengthening

Paper.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Paper, whether printed, painted, stained or not, and all Materials and Utensils for printing, painting and staining of Paper, having been the Property or in the Custody of, or used by any Paper Stainer licensed as aforesaid, or having been used or stored in any Manufactory, Workhouse, Room or Place of any Paper Stainer, by what Title or Conveyance soever the same be claimed, or into whose Hands soever the same shall afterwards come, shall be liable and subject to and are hereby charged with all Debts due to the Crown and Duties of Excise, which shall be in arrear and owing by any Person for any Paper, printed, painted or stained in such Manufactory, or by such Paper Stainer, and shall also be subject to the Payment of all such Penalties as shall have been incurred by any Person who shall have occupied or used such Manufactory for any Offence against this Act; and it shall be lawful, in all Cases, to levy such Debts, Duties, Penalties and Forfeitures by Distress and Sale of such Paper and Materials as it would be lawful to do in case the Person owing such Debts and Duties, or incurring such Penalties and Forfeitures, was at the Time the real Proprietor of such Paper or Materials respectively.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That every such Paper Stainer, or some Person employed by such Paper Stainer, shall, on Demand of any Officer of Excise at the Manufactorjr, House, Warehouse, Workhouse or other Place of such Paper Stainer, show all the Stock of printed, painted and stained Paper, and Paper marked for printing, painting or staining, in such Manufactory or other Places; and shall declare to such Officer that the Stock of Paper so shewn is all the Stock of Paper of such Paper Stainer; and in default of such Paper being shewn, and such Declaration made iupon such Demand as aforesaid, such Paper Stainer shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and all printed, painted or stained Paper, and Paper marked for printing, painting._ and staining, which shall not be so shewn and declared, shall be deemed to have been fraudulently hidden or concealed by the Paper Stainer in whose Possession the same shall be found, and shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise, and such Paper Stainer shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Printer, Painter or Stainer of Paper in Ireland shall fraudulently hide or conceal, or cause to be hidden or concealed, with Intent to defraud His Majesty of the Duty thereon, any printed, painted or stained Paper, or any Paper marked for printing, painting or staining, then all such Paper shall be forfeited, and the Party so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every such Offence.

XXXIV. And for the better preventing of Frauds by the < lengthening- or adding to any Piece or Remnant of a Piece of such printed, painted or stained Paper, after such Piece of Paper shall have been stamped or sealed at both Ends thereof, as by this Act is required, ’ Be it enacted, That if at any Time any Piece, or Remnant of a Piece of Paper, printed, painted or stained, not having such Frame Mark and Stamp thereon, as by this Act is required, or having such Frame Mark and Stamp at One End thereof only, and being of as great or greater Length than shall be expressed by such Frame Mark, or having such Frame Mark, and

Stamp

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 106.

231

Stamp at |both Ends thereof, and being of greater Length than shall be expressed by such Frame Mark by the Length of Half a Yard or more, shall be found in the Possession of any Printer, Painter or Stainer of Paper, or Trader or Dealer therein in,

every such Piece of Paper or Remnant shall be forfeited and seized by any Officer of Excise, and the Printer, Painter or Stainer of Paper, or Trader or Dealer therein, in whose Possession the same shall be found, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Excise shall from time to time provide proper Frames, and proper Numbers or Marks, as they shall think fit, to denote the Measure of all Pieces or Sheets of Paper, printed, painted or stained, and proper Stamps or Seals to denote the charging of the Duties thereon, or any other Purposes of this Act, and shall cause such Frames, Numbers and Marks, and such Stamps and Seals to he distributed to the respective Officers of Excise for the several Purposes aforesaid; and such Officers are hereby enjoined and required in using the same to do no Hurt or Damage, or the least Damage that may be, to the Paper to be marked or stamped; and the said Frames, Numbers or Marks, and the said Stamps or Seals to be provided in pursuance of this Act, may be altered or renewed from time to time, as the said Commissioners shall from time to time think fit; and if any Person shall at any Time counterfeit or forge any Frame, Number or Mark used by any Officer in marking such Paper, or shall counterfeit or forge the Impression of the same upon any Paper to be printed, painted or stained; and if any Person shall at any Time counterfeit or forge any Stamp or Seal to resemble any Stamp or Seal provided to denote the charging of the Duties on Paper printed, painted or stained, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the same upon any Paper printed, painted or stained, or shall at any Time sell any such printed, painted or stained Paper, with a counterfeit Stamp thereon, knowing the same to be counterfeited, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That as often as the Stamps, Seals or Marks, for denoting that an Account has been taken of Paper for printing, painting or staining, or the Stamps, Seals or Marks for denoting the Measure of such Paper, or the Stamps, Seals or Marks for the denoting the charging of the Duty thereon, or any of them, shall be altered or changed, Notice thereof shall be given by the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, in the Dublin Gazette for Three successive Days of Publication thereof; and that any Person who shall have in his or her Custody or Possession, any Paper for Printing, painting or staining, or any such Paper printed, painted or stained, marked, sealed or stamped with the several Stamps, Seals or Marks, or any of them, before such time in use, may, within such Time as the said Commissioners shall by the said Notice appoint, not less than Two Months from the Third Day of the said Publication of such Notice, require the Officers of Excise authorized to seal, or mark or stamp such Paper, or such printed, painted or stained Paper, to stamp the same; and every such Officer is hereby required, without Fee or Reward, within Twenty four Hours after Demand, to stamp, seal and mark

Q 4 ’the

Penalty 201.

Stamps, &c. to be provided by Commissioners.

Counterfeiting same, &c.

Penalty 1001.

Stamps may be changed, and Paper re-stamped.

Notice thereof.

No Fee.

232

C. 106.

45° GEO. III.

A.]). 1805.

In what case Paper stamped with old Marks forfeited.

Removing Stamps, and fixing them on unstamped Paper.

Penalty,

Stained Paper

the same with the new Stamps, Seals or Marks, or any of them, which the said Commissioners shall have provided for the Purposes aforesaid.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That, after the Expiration of the Time so to be appointed for the stamping, sealing or marking such Paper for printing, painting or staining, or any such Paper printed, painted or stained, with such new Stamps, Seals or Marks which shall have been provided, all such Paper found in the Possession of any Person without such new or altered or changed Stamps, Seals or Marks thereon, shall be forfeited and may be seized by any Officer of His Majesty's Revenue of Excise.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Paper Stainer or other Person in Ireland shall by any Means or Contrivance, affix to or upon any Piece of Paper or Sheet of Paper printed, painted or stained, any Frame Mark, or any Stamp or Seal which shall have been before affixed or put on any Piece of Paper or Sheet of Paper printed, painted or stained, then and in every such Case such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and every Piece and Sheet of such Paper whereupon such Frame Mark, Stamp or Seal, shall be so fraudulently affixed or put, shall be forfeited and seized.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That upon Oath made by unstamped may any credible Person, that such Person hath Reason to suspect or be searched for believe that any Paper printed, painted or stained, for which a and seized. Duty chargeable thereon, or which ought to have been stamped as

in this Act is directed, is in the Custody or Possession of any Person in Ireland, not being licensed to manufacture Paper Hangings for Sale, without having thereupon such Stamp or Seal as is by this Act required to denote the charging the Duties thereupon, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace from time to time to issue his Warrant or order, and thereby to authorize and require any Officer or Officers of Excise, with the Assistance of a Constable or other Peace Officer in the Day Time, to search for the same, and to open Doors, Chests, Trunks and Packages, and to seize such Paper printed, painted or stained, not having such Stamp thereon; and such Paper printed, painted or stained, found unstamped in the Possession of any such Person, shall be Exception as to forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise:Provided Remnants. always, that no Remnant of any Piece of such printed, painted or stained Paper, being of less Length than shall be expressed by the Frame Mark thereon being so found having such Stamp or Seal as by this Act is required at one End thereof, shall be forfeited by reason of not having such Stamp or Seal at both Ends thereof: And if any Person shall obstruct any Officer of Excise from entering any Place for the Purposes aforesaid, or in seizing or carrying away any Paper by this Act forfeited, every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act, shall be paid and

recovered in British Currency; and shall and may be sued for,

and recoverable recovered, levied and applied in such Manner and Form, and by

as under such Ways and Means, and with such Powers and Authorities as

are prescribed, directed and appointed, in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland, in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of

21 the

Obstructing Officer. Penalty 50l.

Penalties payable in British Currency;

14 & 15 C. 2. c. 8.

ao

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III.

am.

233

the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the settling of the Excise or new Impost upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, according to the Booh of Rates therein inserted, or by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, as fully and effectually to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes as if the same were particularly mentioned and expressed and re-enacted in this Act, with like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties who shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said Act of Excise, or any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise is provided.

XLI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any One Justice of the Peace within his Jurisdiction, where any pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, shall be incurred under this Act, to hear and determine the same, and to convict the Party offending on his or her own Confession, or on the Oath of any One credible Witness; and in all such Cases One Moiety of the Penalty or Forfeiture shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish in which the Offence shall have been committed, or the Conviction made, at the Discretion of the Justice; and such Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized and required, upon Information made on Oath in that Behalf, within Three Months after the Offence committed, to summon the Party accused, and also the Witness or Witnesses upon either Side, and if upon the Confession of the Party accused, or Examination of any Witness or Witnesses on Oath, which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer, such Party shall be convicted of the Offence alleged against him, then it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby required to award and issue out a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to any Constable of the County, for levying the Penalty or Forfeiture incurred on the Goods of the Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof in case the same shall not be redeemed within Six Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus (if any) after deducting the Expence of such Sale; and for Want of sufficient Distress it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby required, to commit such Offender to Gaol, for any Time not exceeding Three Months, or until such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be paid; and if any Person shall find himself or herself aggrieved by the Judgment of the said Justice, then such Person shall and may complain or appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions for the County, and such Justices are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the Complaint or Appeal; and in case the Conviction of the Party shall be affirmed, such Justices shall issue Warrants for levying the Penalty or Forfeiture as aforesaid, and also for levying on the Goods of the Appellants such Sum, not exceeding Forty Shillings, as the said Justices shall appoint for the Costs of such Appeal, to be paid to the Informer; and where any such pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, the same may be sued for and recovered by any Person who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, or by Civil Bill in any

of

or any other Excise Acts in force in Ireland.

Penalties not exceeding 20l. may be recovered before One Justice within Three Months.

Appeal to Quarter Session.

Penalties above 201. may be recovered by Action.

23 *

C. 106 *

* 5° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Proceedings of Justices not removeable by Certiorari.

Magistrates neglecting to execute Act.

Penalty 501.

38 G. 3.C. 24. and 39 G.3. c. 24. (I.) repealed as to Paper Stainers.

of the Courts of Record in Dublin, or at the Quarter Sessions of the Justices of the Peace, or at the Assizes in any County or County of a Town or City in Ireland and it shall be lawful for the Court before whom any such Penalty shall be recovered, to order the Offender to be committed to Gaol, there to remain for any Time in the Discretion of such Court, or until such Fine or Forfeiture be fully paid and satisfied.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That no Conviction made or alleged to be made by any Justice of the Peace, nor any Proceeds ing before such Justice, or before any Justices of the Peace at the Quarter Sessions, nor any Sentence or Order given or made, or alleged to be given or made, by any such Justice or Justices under or by virtue of this Act, shall be removed by Writ of Certiorari out of the County, City, Town or Place wherein such Conviction or Proceeding shall have been had or made, into any Court whatsoever; and that no Writ of Certiorari shall supersede Execution or other Proceedings upon such Conviction, Order or Sentence so made or given in pursuance of this Act; but that Execution and other Proceedings shall be had and made thereupon, any such Writ of Certiorari or Allowance thereof notwithstanding.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate in Ireland, who shall neglect or refuse, in any Instance, to carry this Act into Execution, upon a proper Application made to him, shall Forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds British Currency for every such Neglect or Refusal, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any Court of Record in Irelandt by the Person who shall have made such Application, in which no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; the Money recovered by such Action to be applied, as to One Half thereof, to the Use of the Person suing for the same, and the other Half to be paid to the Minister, Rector or Churchwarden of the Parish wherein such Justice of Peace or Magistrate shall reside, for the Use of the Poor therein.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to secure the Collection of the Duties on Auctions, and on Glass Bottles made in this Kingdom; and on Paper printed, painted or stained in this Kingdom, to serve for Hangings or other Uses; and to prevent Frauds therein; and also an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to amend and continue the said recited Act of the Thirty eighth Year, so far as the said Acts, or either of them, relate to the Duty on Paper printed, painted or stained in Ire, shall, from and after the Expiration of One Month after the passing of this Act, cease and determine during the Continuance of this Act, except only so far as relates to any Penalties or Forfeitures incurred under the said Acts or either of them; and that this present Act shall commence from and after the Expiration of One Month from the passing thereof, except where any other Time is mentioned for the Commencement of any of the Provisions in this Act contained.

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 106 — 111.

235

XLV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue

in Force until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand

eight hundred and six.

\_Made perpetual as to Paper, 47 0.3. sess. 1. c. 38.

§ 1, — See also on the same Hea, 3. c. 106.

CAP. CVII.

An Act for charging, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six, an additional Duty on Spariish Red Wine, imported into Ireland.

[1 Oth 1805.]

\_See 46 G. 3. c. 12.

CAP. CVIII.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and six, several Acts for the better Collection and Security of the Revenues of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein.

[10th July 1805.]

CAP. CIX.

An Act to amend so much of an Act, for granting to His Majesty several Sums of Money for defraying the Charge of certain permanent Services in as relates to the

Military Survey of Ireland. [[10th July 1805.]

CAP. CX.

An Act for exempting from the Duties on Profits arising from Property, the First Half Yearly Dividends or Annuities, under an Act of the present Session, for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities, for the Service of Iwhich shall not have been written into the Books of the Bank of England.

[1 Oth July 1805.]

CAP. CXI.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for erecting and establishing Public Infirmaries or Hospitals in this Kingdom.

[10th July 1805.]

* \X T WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland,

* in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for erecting and establishing Public Infirmaries or

* Hospitals in this Kingdom., it was enacted, that the Grand Jury

of each of the Counties therein named, should at every Summer

* Assizes present a Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, nor

* less than Fifty Pounds, to be raised on the Counties at large,

and applied to the Support of the Infirmaries or Hospitals therein:

And

Continuance of the Act.

EXP.

EXP.

41 G.3. (U K.) c. 32.

45 G. 3.C. 40.

5 G. 3. c. 20. (1.)

236

C. 111.

45" GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Grand Juries may present a further Sum of 5001. yearly, for the respective County Infirmaries under 25 G. 3. c. 39. (10

Tipperary and Queen’s County Juries may present 4001. extra.

For establishing Dispensaries, Grand Juries may present Sums equal to any private Donations for like Purposes.

* And Whereas the Sums so empowered to be raised have proved

insufficient in many Counties Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of each and every County in Ireland to present to be raised on the County at large, a Sum not exceeding Five hundred Pounds in the Year, over and above and exclusive of the Sum which they may be empowered to present by the said recited Act, to be paid to the Corporation therein called The Governors and Governesses of the County Infirmary or,

and applied by the said Corporation towards the Support and Maintenance of such the County Infirmary or Hospital in such County:Provided always, that a like Affidavit and Account as is required by an Act passed in the Twenty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act passed in this Kingdom in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intitided‘ An Act for erecting and establishing Public Infirmaries or Hospitals in this’be first laid

before such Grand Jury, previous to any such Presentment being made.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the respective Grand Juries of the Counties of Tipperary and Queens County to present to be raised on the said respective Counties at large a Sum not exceeding Four hundred Pounds, over and above and exclusive of the Sums which they are respectively empowered to raise by Two Acts passed in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

III. And Whereas the Distance of many Parts of each County

* from the Infirmary therein established, does not allow to the

* Poor of those Parts the Advantages of immediate Medical Aid ‘ and Advice which such Infirmary was proposed to afford Be it therefore enacted, That in all Cases where the said Corporation shall certify to the Grand Jury of the County wherein such Corporation is established, that they have actually received from private Subscription or Donation, any Sum or Sums of Money since the preceding Assizes, for the Purpose of establishing in any Town or Place therein a Dispensary for furnishing Medicine and giving Medical Aid and Relief to the Poor, it shall be lawful for such Grand Jury to present to be raised on the County at large, and paid to the said Corporation, a Sum equal in Amount to the Sum or Sums so received by such Corporation, to be applied by the Governors and Governesses thereof, or such Committee of them, not fewer in Number than Five, as they shall appoint for the Purpose at any General Quarterly Meeting, together with the Monies so received by private Subscription or Donation, in providing Medicines and Medical or Surgical Aid and Advice for the Poor of such Town or Place and its Neighbourhood, in such Manner as they or the said Committee shall in their Discretion deem most advisable; and that all Monies so raised for such local Dispensaries, as well as all Monies so received from private Subscription or Donation for their Use, shall be accounted for upon Oath at each Summer Assizes before the Grand Jury and the Court.

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. Ill — 115.

237

IV. And be it farther enacted, That every Person who shall subscribe and pay towards the Establishment or Maintenance of any such local Dispensary, or towards the County Hospital or Infirmary, any Sum not less than One Guinea, shall be a Member of the Body Corporate for the Infirmary or Hospital of such County for One Year, from the Date of the Payment thereof to the said Body Corporate, so far as relates to the Management and Direction of such local Dispensaries; any thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Amended, 49 G. 3. c. 37. Repeas relates to Local Dispensaries, 58 G. 3. c. 47.]

CAP. CXII.

An Act to appoint Commissioners to enquire and examine into any Irregularities or Abuses which may have taken place in conducting and managing the Paving, Cleansing and Lighting the Streets of Dublin, and to provide for the Suspension of the Powers and Authorities of the Corporation of Directors and Commissioners for Paving, Cleansing and Lighting the said Streets, and for vesting the same in other Persons during such Suspension; and for the better conducting and managing the Business of the said Corporation.

[10th 1805.]

[Repealed, 47 G. 3. 2. c. cix. § 1.]

CAP. CXIII.

An Act for granting a certain Sum of Money () towards improving the Harbour on the North Side of the Hill of Honsoth, near Dublin, and rendering it a fit Situation for

His Majesty's Packets.

[10th July 1805.]

[10,000l. Irish Currency. See 50 G. 3. 72.]

CAP. CXIV.

An Act for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury of Great Britain to advance a certain Sum of Money ()to the Lord Provost, Magistrates and Council of the City of Edinburgh, towards the Completion of the Docks and other Works in the Harbour of Leith.

[10th July 1805.]

(6) [25,000l.]

CAP. CXV.

An Act for purchasing certain Buildings and Ground in and near Palace Yard, Westminster, for the Use of the Public.

[10th July 1805.] [See 46 G.3. c. 89.-54 G. 3. c. 70.]

Subscribers to become Members of the several Infirmary Corporations.

238

C. 116 — 119.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

CAP. CXVI.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to grant a certain Creek, called Chelson Bay, otherwise, in or near the Parish of Plympton Saint Mary, in the County of Devon; and for vesting the same, for a valuable Consideration, in the Right Honourable John Lord and his

Heirs, ' [10th July 1805.]

[See 54* G.3. c. 70.]

CAP. CXVII.

An Act to continue the Proceedings in the House of Lords touching the Conduct of Luke Fox Esquire, One of the Judges of the Court of Common Pleas of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, notwithstanding any Prorogation or Dissolution of Parliament.

[10th July 1805.]

CAP. CXVIII.

An Act for raising the Sum of Eight Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great for the

Yesjr One thousand eight hundred and five.

* [10th July 1805.]

CAP. CXIX.

An Act for raising the Sum of Two millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and five; and for indemnifying the Bank of England for having advanced Money for the Public Service on the Credit of certain Exchequer Bills.

[10th July 1805.]

e VII. AND Whereas an Act passed in the Forty first Year of

* the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable

* His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two Millions for the Uses and e Purposes therein mentioned: And Whereas another Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

* intituled An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of

* Two Millions for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned And

Whereas also an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of the 6 Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable His

* Majesty to raise the Sum of Two millions fve hundred thousand

* Pounds for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned: And

* Whereas it was by the said Acts respectively enacted, that it

should be lawful, in the Case of actual Invasion of His Majesty’s

* Kingdoms, for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance for the Public Service any Sum or Sums of

* Money authorized to be raised by the said Acts respectively,

over and above and exclusive of any Sums which they were 6 authorized to advance by any Acts of the said Sessions of Parliament respectively: And Whereas the Governor and Company of the Bank of England did, for the Public Service, advance

* the

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 119, 120, 121.

239

1 the Sums authorized to be raised by the said Acts, or great Part thereof, although no actual Invasion took place: And 4 Whereas the same was not warranted by the said Acts, but was necessary for the Public Service, it is therefore proper that the said Governor and Company and all Persons concerned in the advancing or advising, or consenting or procuring the advancing of any such Sums, or acting under any Directions relating thereto, should be indemnified Be it therefore enacted, That Indemnity to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of , and all Bank for.

other Persons concerned in the advancing any such Sums of Money M^eyau££ for the Public Service, or in the advising or consenting to, or in the Acts> the procuring the advancing of any such Sums of Money, or 41 G. 3. (U.K.) acting under any Directions relating thereto, shall be and are c. 8i. hereby indemnified for and on account of the same, as fully and 4SG.3. effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if the same 44G*3*C*81* had been authorized by the said Acts respectively.

CAP. CXX.

An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and five.

[10th July 1805.]

CAP. CXXI.

An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling.

[12th 1805.]

WHEREAS in Defiance of the several Laws of Customs and Excise, great Quantities of Goods are illegally imported into, and landed in the United Kingdom, as well by clandestine Means as by open Force, to the great Detriment of the Revenue, and the Subversion of all Civil Authority: And 4 Whereas it is become highly necessary that some further Provision should be made for the Remedy of these great Evils Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the pass- Vessels of Sub-ing of this Act, if any Vessel or Boat coming from Foreign Parts, from Fo-and belonging wholly or in Part to His Majesty's Subjects, or *eign Parti^ whereof One Half of the Persons on board shall be Subjects of 0£

His Majesty, (other than and except any Ship or other square the Coast hTv-rigged Vessel,) shall be found in any Part of the British or ing Spirits, Tea Channels, or elsewhere on the High Seas, within One hundred or Tobacco in Leagues of any Part of the Coasts of Great Britain or, or an<

shall be discovered to have been within the said Limits, having on Board any Foreign Brandy, Rum, Geneva or other Spirits, in scribed, 6" any Cask or Package of less Size or Content than Sixty Gallons (except only for the Use of the Seamen belonging to and on board such Vessel or Boat, not exceeding Two Gallons for each Seaman; ) or any Tea exceeding Six Pounds in the Whole; oe any Tobacco or Snuff in any Cask or Package whatever, containing less than Four hundred and fifty Pounds Weight, (except

loose

240

C. 121.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Goods and Ship forfeited.

Vessels taking such Articles on board on the High Seas.

[Penalty.]

Regulations by which Foreign Spirits and Wine shall be imported, exported or carried Coastwise at Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney or Sark, as to Ships, Casks and Packages.

loose Tobacco for the Use of the Seamen on board such Vessel or Boat, not exceeding Five Pounds Weight of Tobacco for each Seaman, and except such Tea or manufactured Tobacco or Snuff, as shall have been duly shipped for Exportation as Merchandize on board such Vessel or Boat, from some Port or Place in then not only all such Foreign Brandy, Rum, Geneva or other Spirits, and all such Tea, Tobacco or Snuff, together with the Casks or Packages containing the same, but also every such Vessel or Boat, together with all the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel thereof, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer Or Officers of His Majesty's Navy or Marines, or of the Customs or Excise.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Vessel or Boat, not coming from Foreign Parts, shall, on the High Seas, take on board from out of any Ship or other Vessel or Boat coming from Foreign Parts, any Foreign Brandy, Rum, Geneva or other Spirits, in any Cask or Package, of less Size or Content than as aforesaid, or any Tea whatever, or any Tobacco or Snuff, in any less Quantity than as aforesaid, every such Vessel or Boat shall be deemed and considered to be a Vessel or Boat coming from Foreign Parts within the Meaning of this Act, and not only all such Foreign Brandy, Rum, Geneva or other Spirits, and all such Tea, Tobacco or Snuff, together with the Casks or Packages containing the same, but also every such Vessel or Boat, together with all the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel thereof, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Navy or Marines, or of the Customs or Excise.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Foreign Brandy, Rum,

Geneva or other Spirits, shall be imported into or exported from the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney or Sark, or either of

them, or removed from any One to any other of the said Islands, or Coastwise from any one Part to any other Part of either of the said Islands, or shall be shipped in order to be so removed or carried, or shall be Waterborne for the Purpose of being so shipped in any Ship, Vessel or Boat, of less Burthen than One hundred Tons, nor in any Cask or Package of less Size or Content than Sixty Gallons; nor any Tobacco or Snuff in any Ship, Vessel or Boat, of less Burthen than One hundred Tons, nor in any Cask or Package containing less than Four hundred and fifty Pounds Weight (save and except any such Spirits or loose Tobacco as shall be for the Use of the Seamen belonging to and on board any such Ship, Vessel or Boat, not exceeding Two Gallons of the former, and Five Pounds of the latter for each Seaman, and also except such manufactured Tobacco or Snuff as shall have been duly exported as Merchandize from or

nor shall any Wine be imported into or exported from the said Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney or, or either of them, or carried from any One of the said Islands to any other thereof, or Coastwise from any One Part to any other Part of either of the said Islands, or be shipped or Waterborne for the Purpose of being shipped in any Ship, Vessel or Boat, of less Burthen than Sixty Tons, or in any Cask or Package of less Content than a reputed Hogshead, on pain of Forfeiture of all such Foreign

Brandy,

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 121.

241

Brandy, Rum, Geneva or other Spirits, Tobacco, Snuff or Wine respectively, together with the Casks or Packages containing the same, and also every such Ship, Vessel or Boat, together with all the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel thereof, which shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Array, Navy or Marines, or of the Customs of Excise.

[Extended to the Isle of Man, 48 G. 3. c. 84. § 12. — The above

Quantities reduced, , fyc. c. 1 G.4. c. 61. § 10.]

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Licensed Boats herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to sub- not exceeding ject to Forfeiture or Seizure under any of the Provisions of this 10 T.°"s ^vlnS Act, any Boat not exceeding the Burthen of Ten Tons, for having tit^of Spirits, 0' on board at any One Time any Foreign Spirits of the Quantity of Sec. on board’ Ten Gallons, or under, in Casks or Packages of less Size or Con- for the Supply tent than Sixty Gallons, or any Tobacco, Snuff or Tea, not ex- of the Isle of ceeding Fifty Pounds Weight of each, for the Supply of the said HOt sei2:' Island of Sark, such Boat having a Licence from the proper Officer a e *

of Customs at either of the said Islands of Guernsey and Jersey,

for the Purpose of being employed in carrying Commodities for

the Supply of the said Island of Sark, which Licence such Officer

of Customs is hereby required to grant without taking any Fee or

Reward for the same: Provided always, that every such Boat Proviso in wha

having on board at any One Time any greater Quantity of Spirits Case seizable.

than Ten Gallons, or any greater Quantity of Tobacco or Snuff

than Fifty Pounds Weight of each of the said Articles, unless such

greater Quantity of Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, shall be in Casks

or Packages of the Size, Content or Weight hereinbefore required,

or having on board at any One Time any greater Quantity of Tea

than Fifty Pounds Weight, shall be forfeited, and shall and may

be seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Army, Navy

or Marines, or of the Customs of Excise. [to the

Isle of Man, 48 G. 3. c. 84. § 42.]

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing Proviso for herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to Importation or prevent the Importation into or Exportation from the said Islands Exportation at of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney or Sark, or either of them, of any 0fUwinem&C* Wine in Bottles, shipped in Cases or Casks only, each containing Bottles before at least Six Dozen reputed Quart Bottles:Provided always, that Exportation to before any such Wine in Bottles shall be shipped for Exportation this Kingdom, to or for Great Britain or Ireland, the Master or other Person ?on<* entered having the Charge or Command of the Ship, Vessel or Boat, in or

on board of which such Wine shall be so intended to be exported, S* together with One other sufficient Surety, shall give Bond in the Penalty of Forty Shillings per Gallon, that the Wine so shipped shall (the Danger of the Seas and Enemies excepted) be duly entered and landed at the Port or Place in Great Britain or Ireland to or for which the same shall be declared at the Time of giving such Bond (which Bond and Declaration the proper Officer of His Majesty's Customs is hereby authorized and empowered to take; ) and such Officer is hereby required to furnish the Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of the Ship, Vessel or Boat, in which any such Wine may be, with a Certificate, specifying the Number of such Packages as aforesaid, and the Quantity of Wine contained in each, the Date of the Bond, and the Name 45 Geo. III. R of

212

C. 121.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Vessels having on board Spirits, Wine or Tobacco in illegal Packages, and found hovering within Two Leagues of the Coasts of Guernsey, &c. forfeited, as also the Articles.

Subjects (not being Passengers only) found on board Vessels liable to Forfeiture, or assisting in unshipping or concealing Spirits, &c.

of the Port or Place to or for which the same shall be so declared; and such Bond so given as aforesaid shall not be delivered up or cancelled until a Certificate, under the Hand of the proper Officer of the Customs in Great Britain or, of the due landing

of the Wine mentioned therein, shall be produced to and left with the Officer taking the said Bond within Three Months after the Date of such Bonds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Ship, Vessel or Boat, having on board any Foreign Brandy, llum, Geneva or other Spirituous Liquors, in any Cask or Package which shall not contain Sixty Gallons at the least (except only for the Use of the Seamen then belonging to and on board such Ship, Vessel or Boat, not exceeding Two Gallons for each Seaman) or having on board any Wine in Casks or Packages of less Content than a reputed Hogshead, (except such Wine in Bottles as by this Act is allowed, and provided such Ship, Vessel or Boat, having Wine on board, shall not exceed Sixty Tons Burthen,) or having on board any Tobacco or Snuff in any Cask or Package containing less than Four hundred and fifty Pounds Weight (save and except loose Tobacco for the Use of the Seamen, not exceeding Five Pounds for each Seaman,) shall be found at Anchor, or hovering, or shall be discovered to have been within Two Leagues of the Coasts of the said Islands of

Guernsey, Jersey or Sark, or within Two Miles of the Coast of Alderney, such Ship, Vessel or Boat, not proceeding on her Voyage (Wind and Weather permitting) unless in case of unavoidable Necessity or Distress of Weather, of which Necessity or Distress the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship, Vessel or Boat, shall give Notice, and make Proof before the Chief Officer of the Customs of the nearest Port, or the Port in which such Ship, Vessel or Boat, shall take Shelter, or to which such Ship, Vessel or Boat, can go under all Circumstances of Wind, Tide and Weather, immediately after the Arrival of such Ship, Vessel or Boat, within the Limits of such Port, then not only all such Goods and Packages, but also the Ship, Vessel or Boat, on board which the same shall be found as aforesaid, with all the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel thereof, shall be forfeited, and may and shall be seized as such by any Officer of His Majesty's Navy or Marines, or of Customs or Excise.

VII. And be it further enacted, that every Person being a Subject of His Majesty («) , who shall be found or taken on board, or discovered to have been on board any Ship, Vessel or Boat, liable to Forfeiture under any of the Provisions of this Act, or liable to Forfeiture under the Provisions of any other Act or Acts, for being found, or having been at Anchor, or hovering within any such Distances of any of the Dominions of His Majesty, with such Goods on board, as subject such Ship, Vessel or Boat, or Goods, to Forfeiture, and who shall not prove that he was only a Passenger on board such Ship, Vessel or Boat, and every Person found aiding or assisting in unshipping to be laid on Land, or found carrying, conveying, concealing or assisting in the carrying away,

(a) {The Regulations and Penalties of this Section extended to Foreigners, 58 G. 3. c. 76. § L]

conveying

A.D. 1805.

45° GEO. III. C. 121.

243

conveying or concealing any Foreign Brandy, Rum, Geneva or Spirits, subject to Forfeiture under this Act, or any Law or Act relating to the Revenue of Customs or Excise, in the United Kingdom, shall forfeit for every such Offence either Treble the Eena tjr *

Value of the Goods that shall be found or taken from such Person or Persons, or the Sum of One hundred Pounds, at the Option and subject to the Election and Discretion of the Commissioners At Discretion of Customs or Excise respectively (a) , who shall direct any Prose- of Commisrionr cution or Suit to be commenced against any such Person, such ers 9ustoms Penalty of Treble the Value, or of One hundred Pounds, as the or Excise‘ Case may be, to be recovered as any like Penalty may be recovered under any Act or Acts relating to the Revenue of Customs or Excise in the United Kingdom, and One Half of every such Penalty of Treble Value, or of One hundred Pounds, shall go and be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons finding and taking, and detaining such Person (b) , or informing for the same, and such Person shall also be liable to such other Punishment as may by any Law or Act of Parliament be inflicted on any such Offender; and it shall be lawful for any Officer or Officers of the Army, Navy, Such Persons Marines, Customs or Excise, and he and they is and are hereby Wore^ustiee authorized, empowered and required to stop, arrest and detain p^t to

every such Person, being a Subject of His Majesty, and to convey which the Ship the said Person before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of is brought; to the Peace residing near to the Port or Place into which such Ship, be bailed or Vessel or Boat shall be taken or carried, or near to the Place committed; where any such Person shall be so taken or arrested; and it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices of the Peace, and he and they is and are hereby required, upon Proof on Oath by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, that such Person was so found or taken, or discovered as aforesaid, unless any such Person found or taken, or having been on board of any such Ship, Vessel or Boat, shall prove to the Satisfaction of such Justice that he was only a Passenger on board such Ship, Vessel or Boat, to hold such Person to Bail, with Two good and sufficient Sureties, in the Sum of One hundred Pounds each, for the Appearance of such Person, to answer to any Indictment or Information that may be brought against him in that Behalf, and to pay such Penalty, and abide any Judgment for any such Offence; and in Default of any such Person finding such good and sufficient Bail as aforesaid, or until the same shall be found, to commit such Person to any Gaol or Prison, or House of Correction, to answer as aforesaid:Pro- or if desirous of vided nevertheless, that if any such Person so found or discovered, entering into and taken as aforesaid, shall be capable and desirous of entering ^ayy or Ma' and serving as a Seaman or Marine in any of His Majesty's Ships "Jes»"aaybe of War, it shall be lawful for the Officer or Officers of the Army, officer?and Navy or Marines, or of the Customs or Excise, by whom such entered for Five Person was taken, arrested and detained as aforesaid, or for any Years, &c.

(a) [Averment that Commissioners had made their Option the Recovery of these Penalties of 100/. held a sufficient Proof of

their Determination, 47 G. 3. sess.2. c. 66. § 38; and as to

Recovery of Penalties in the Court of Exchequer or Quarter Sessions, see § 39. — Power of mitigating Penalties repealed,

1 G.4. c. 43. § 17.]

(b) [ForRewarding Officers detaining such Persons, 47 G. 3. sess. 2. c. 66. § 41.]

R 2 Justice

2 44

C. 121.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Officers discharging such Persons cashiered.

Persons entering, &c. acquitted from Penalty.

Commissioners of Customs and Excise may reward Officers and others where Men taken enter to serve His Majesty.

Taking Horses for conveying seized Spirits, &c. without Owners’ Consent.

Justice of the Peace or Magistrate before whom any such Person may be carried, and such Officer and Officers is and are hereby authorized, empowered and required, instead of taking such Person before any Justice or Magistrate, and such Justice or Magistrate is hereby authorized, instead of holding any such Person to Bail, to carry and convey, or cause to be carried or conveyed such Person on Board any of His Majesty's Ships of War, in order to his being entered and received as a Seaman or Marine; and such Person being so entered and received, shall not on any Account be discharged from His Majesty's Service during the Term of Five Years, and from thence until the Conclusion of any War in which His Majesty may be engaged at the Period of the Expiration of such Five Years, unless disabled within that Time by unavoidable Accident or bodily Infirmity («) , and any Officer of His Majesty's Navy or Marines, who shall presume, knowingly and wilfully, to discharge any Person so entered and received as aforesaid contrary to this Act, or shall by false Muster or Certificate, or in Consideration of a Gratuity of any Kind, or by any other collusive or evasive Ways or Means whatsoever, suffer or permit any such Person to avoid the actual Service hereby intended, every such Officer shall, on Conviction for any such Offence, either by any Court Martial, or on any Information filed by His Majesty's Attorney General, be cashiered:Provided always, that no Person so taken, arrested or detained, and entering as a Seaman, shall be liable to forfeit any such Penalty of Treble Value, or One hundred Pounds as aforesaid (a), unless such Person shall thereafter desert His Majesty's Service, or quit the same without being duly discharged.

(a) [Persons found unfit to serve, to /a Penalty of 100/., §c. 49 G. 3. c. 62. §3.-57 G. 3. c. 87. § 5. — See 3 G. 4. c. 110.

§1-3

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Person so found and taken, arrested or detained as aforesaid, entering to serve His Majesty, no Penalty or Forfeiture shall be recoverable, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs or Excise respectively, and they are hereby required, on Proof made to their Satisfaction of such Arrest, Taking and Detention as aforesaid, and of such entering into His Majesty's Service as aforesaid, to reward the Person or Persons who would, if any Penalty or Forfeiture had been recoverable, have been entitled to any Part thereof, with such Sum not. exceeding the Proportion to which such Person would have been entitled, as, under all the Circumstances of the Case, shall to such Commissioners respectively appear proper, and such Reward may and shall be paid by the said Commissioners respectively, out of any Monies in their Hands, arising from the Duties on Foreign Spirits, Tea or Tobacco.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall take or use any Horse, Mare or Gelding, belonging to any other Person or Persons, without his, her or their Consent, for the Purpose of carrying or conveying any Foreign Brandy, Rum, Geneva or Spirits, or any Tobacco or Snuff, subject to Forfeiture under this Act, or any other Act or Acts relating to the Revenue of Customs or Excise; every such Person so offending, and being thereof convicted before any One or more of His Majesty's Jus-

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 121.

245

tices of the Peace, who are hereby authorized to hear and determine the same, on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, which Oath every such Justice is hereby empowered to administer, shall for every such Olfence forfeit a Sum not exceeding Fifty and not less than Twenty Pounds, to be recovered as any like Penalty may be recovered under any Act or Acts relating to the Revenue of Customs or Excise in the United Kingdom, and One Half of every such Penalty shall go and be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons informing of the same, and the other Half thereof to the Use of the Person or Persons to whom such Horse, Mare or Gelding shall belong: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to exempt any such Offender from any such Punishment, or any such Action as he would by Law have been liable to, for taking or using such Horse, Mare or Gelding, in case such Penalty had not been imposed by this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Officer of His Majesty's Customs or Excise shall have the like Powers and Authorities for bringing to, going and remaining on board of, and examining and searching of all Ships, Vessels, and Boats made liable to Forfeiture under this Act, which shall be found in or be discovered to have been in any Part of the British or Irish Channels, or elsewhere on the High Seas, within One hundred Leagues of any Part of the Coast of the United Kingdom, or which shall be found in or discovered to have been within any Port, Harbour, Creek, Haven or Roadstead, or which shall be found to be hovering or have been within any such distances as aforesaid of either of the said Islands of Guernsey, , Sark or, as are

contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament for the giving to any Officers of Customs or Excise any Powers or Authorities, or do any Act in relation to any such Goods as aforesaid, or to any Ships, Vessels or Boats within the Ports, or hovering or having been hovering on the Coasts of Great Britain or Ireland respectively; and all Powers and Authorities, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures given, contained or continued in or by an}' Act or Acts now in force in the United Kingdom, for the Protection of the Revenues of Customs or Excise, and for the better Prevention of Smuggling, or relating to Ships, Vessels or Boats hovering or found, or discovered to have been within certain Distances of the Coast of Great Britain or Ireland respectively, and also relating to any Goods laden or being on board any such Ships, Vessels or Boats, and the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel thereof, shall be and the same is and are, so far as the same are applicable, and are not by this Act varied or altered, hereby extended and directed, and declared severally and respectively to extend, and shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be deemed and construed to extend and be in full Force, and be applied and put in Execution as to all Ships, Vessels, Boats and Goods made liable to Forfeiture under the Provisions of this Act, in as full and ample a Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Act and Acts, and all the Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Forfeitures and Penalties, were repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall by Force or Violence assault, resist, oppose,

R 3molest,

[Penalty.]

Proviso as to Exemption from Punishment.

Powers of Officers of Customs and Excise under existing Acts, extended to Vessels and Goods liable to Forfeiture under this Act.

Assaulting or resisting Officers of Army,

246

C. 121.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Navy, Customs or Excise, in Execution of Act.

Transportation.

Shooting at any Ship or Officer, &c. Felony without Clergy.

Where Offences shall be tried.

Spirits seized to be deposited in King’s Warehouse, in London, or at Places appointed by Treasury in Scotland or Ireland, and an Account kept of Quantity and Strength.

molest, obstruct or hinder any Officer of His Majesty's Army, Navy or Marines, or any Officer in the Service of the Customs or Excise, or any Person or Persons aiding or assisting in the due Execution of the Powers and Authorities by this Act given or granted, such Person or Persons being thereof convicted by due Course of Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall be transported for Seven Years, or sentenced to be imprisoned in any House of Correction or Common Gaol, and kept to hard Labour for any Term not exceeding Three Years, at the Discretion of the Court before whom the Offender shall be tried and convicted as aforesaid; or if any Person or Persons shall maliciously shoot at or upon any Shff) , Vessel or Boat, belonging to His Majesty's Navy, or in the Service of the Customs or Excise, in any Part of the British or Irish Channels, or elsewhere on the High Seas, within One hundred Leagues of any Part of the Coasts of Great Britain or Ireland; or if any Person or Persons shall maliciously shoot at, maim or dangerously wound any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Army, Navy or Marines, or of the Customs or Excise, or any Person or Persons aiding or assisting such Officer or Officers, whether attempting to go on board or being on board, or returning from on board any Ship, Vessel or Boat, or otherwise acting in the due Execution of his or their Duty under any of the Powers, Authorities or Provisions of this Act, every Person so offending, and every Person aiding, abetting or assisting therein, shall, being thereof lawfully convicted, be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Offence made Felony by this Act, committed within any Port, Harbour, Creek, Haven or Roadstead of either of the said Islands of, Al-

derney or Sark, may and shall be inquired of, examined, tried and determined in the said Islands; and every Offence committed elsewhere out of the United Kingdom, may be inquired of, examined, tried and determined in any County of the United Kingdom; and every such Offence committed within, Scotland

or Ireland respectively, may be inquired of, examined, tried and determined within any County of that Part of the said United Kingdom in which such Offence shall have been committed, in such Manner and Form as if the Offence had been committed in the County in which the same shall be inquired of, tried and determined.,

e XIII. And Whereas the Sale of condemned Spirits at the Out Ports of the United Kingdom, has in its Consequences afforded i much Facility to Smuggling, and been productive of much In- convenience and Detriment to the Revenue For Remedy whereof be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Foreign Brandy, Rum, Geneva and other Spirits, which shall be seized at Sea in any Part of the or British Channels, or

Entrances thereof, or any of the North Seas to the Southward of the Frith of Forth, or in any Port, Harbour, Creek, Haven or Roadstead of England or Wales, or of the said Islands

Jersey, Alderney or Sark, or on Land within Twenty Miles of any Port of England or Wales, by any Officer of His Majesty's Army, Navy or Marines, or any Officer acting under the Orders of the Commissioners of Customs or Excise mEngland, shall, after Condemnation

A.D. 1805.

45° GEO. III. C. 121.

24:

demnation thereof, be forthwith conveyed to the Port of London; and all such Spirits which shall be seized elsewhere, or on or off any of the Coasts of Scotland or adjacent Islands, or in any Port,

Harbour, Creek, Haven or Roadstead of, by any Officer

of His Majesty's Army, Navy or Marines, or any Officer acting under the Orders of the Commissioners of Customs or Excise in Scotland, or on Land in any Part of Scotland, shall, after Condemnation, be forthwith conveyed to any Port or Place that shall have been appointed for that Purpose by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain, or any Three of them; and all Spirits which shall be seized by any Officer of His Majesty's Army, Navy or Marines, near to the Coast of Ireland, or by any Officer acting under the Orders of the Commissioners of Customs or Excise in Ireland, shall, after Condemnation thereof, be forthwith conveyed to any Place in Ireland that shall have been appointed for that Purpose by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Ireland, or any Three of them; and all such Spirits, as soon as conveniently may be after the Seizure thereof, shall be safely lodged and secured in some Warehouse or Warehouses belonging to the Customs or Excise, and within Forty-eight Plours after being so lodged and deposited shall, if it shall appear proper or necessary, be drawn off and put into large and substantial Casks; and all such Spirits, whether so drawn off* or put, shall be gauged and taken account of, and the Strength of Guaging of each Quantity ascertained by the proper Officer or Officers of Spirits. Excise, who is or are hereby required to attend and gauge and take an Account thereof upon receiving Twelve Hours Notice in Writing for that Purpose; and in case of Seizures made by the Officers of His Majesty's Army, Navy or Marines, or Customs,

One or more Officer or Officers of the Customs shall take and keep an Account of the Quantity and Strength of every Seizure of Officers to keep Spirits against the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, and such an Account. Account shall be fairly entered in Books prepared for that Purpose, and countersigned by the Officers of both Revenues; and in case of Seizures made by any Officer or Officers of Excise, an Account of the Quality and Strength thereof shall be taken by the Collector or Supervisor, and One other Officer not interested therein, and fairly entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, and shall also be countersigned by the respective Persons taking To be entered such Account. \_See as to redistilling such, 3. and counter-

c. 104. § 16.] siSne(L

XIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing Tobacco and of this Act, all Tobacco and Snuff which shall be seized by any Snuff to be Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Army, Navy or Marines, or of London ^or to the Customs or Excise, and which after the Seizure thereof shall piaces appoint-be lodged or deposited in any Warehouse in England, shall, after ed by Treasury Condemnation thereof, be forthwith conveyed to the Port of Lon- in Scotland and don; and all Tobacco and Snuff which shall be so seized and Ireland. lodged or deposited in any Warehouse in Scotland, shall, after Condemnation thereof, be forthwith conveyed to any Port or Place that shall have been appointed for that Purpose by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Great, or any

Three or more of them; and all Tobacco and Snuff which shall be so seized, and lodged, and deposited in any Warehouse in Ireland,

R 4 shall,

248

C. 121.

45° GEO. III.

A.D. 1805.

Treasury may order Spirits, Tobacco and Snuff, to be delivered to Victualling Office, &c. or to be destroyed, and to settle the Rewards to be given to Officers of Customs, Excise, Navy or Army.

shall, after Condemnation thereof, be forthwith conveyed to any Place in Ireland that shall have been appointed for that Purpose by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in or any Three or more of them.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain or Ireland respectively, or any Three of them, and they are hereby authorized to direct any Spirits that shall be seized and condemned as forfeited under any Law or Laws relating to the Revenue of Customs or Excise, to be again distilled, if the same shall be deemed proper and necessary, for the Purpose of bringing the same to a proper Strength, and also to direct such Spirits either before or after any such Distillation, as they shall see fit, and also any Tobacco or Snuff that shall be so seized and condemned as aforesaid, to be delivered to the Care of the Commissioners for victualling His Majesty's Navy, or if in, to any Agent em-

ployed by them for the supplying of His Majesty's Navy, or to cause any such Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, to be destroyed, as shall under all the Circumstances appear to, them most conducive to the Protection of the Revenue; and it shall be lawful for the said Lords Commissioners respectively, from time to time to give such Directions for the Removal of any such Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, and to make such Regulations for the ascertaining the Value of such Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, or to fix any average Value thereof, for the Purpose of ascertaining the Rewards to which the Informers or Persons seizing the same respectively, would have been entitled if the same had been sold and distributed under any Act or Acts, or Regulation, now in force, in relation to the Distribution of any Share of the Produce of any Seizure, to or among any Officer of Customs or Excise respectively, and from time to time to direct the Amount (not being in any Case a less Amount, as far as the Mode of ascertaining the Value of any such Seizure will allow, than such Officer would have been otherwise entitled to,) and the Time and Manner of paying the same; and also to regulate the Amount and Mode of Distribution of Rewards to any Commissioned, Non Commissioned Officer, or Private Men of His Majesty's Forces, or any Commissioned Officer, Petty or Warrant Officer or Seamen of His Majesty's Navy or Marines, as shall appear to be reasonable, and the Time and Mode of paying the same. [Rewards to Officers making Seizures,

47 G. 3. sess. 2. c. 66. § 20; and Rewards to Officers of the Army regulated by His Majesty in, §25.]

Powers and

XVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing

Privileges of of this Act, all Powers, Authorities, Exemptions and Exceptions, Officers of and a]i privileges and Protections as to maintaining or defending Customs and any gujt or Action, and pleading therein, or any Costs thereon, in to^Commission- relation to any Acts, Matters or Things done or that may be done ed Officers of by any Officer of Customs or Excise under this Act or any other the Navy or Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the Army. passing of this Act, for the Protection of the Revenues of Customs

and Excise, or Prevention of Smuggling, and every Clause, Matter or Thing, therein contained, relating to any Ships, Vessels or Boats, made subject to Forfeiture by any Act or Acts now in force for the Prevention of Smuggling, or by reason of being found with any prohibited or uncustomed Goods on board within certain Distances

of

C. 121, 122.

249

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III.

of the Coasts of His Majesty's Dominions, or to any Goods laden on board any such Ship, Vessel or Boat, or any Guns, Furniture,

Ammunition, Tackel or Apparel thereof, or to any Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command, or any other Person on board of any such Ship, Vessel or Boat, shall extend, and be deemed, construed and taken to extend, and shall apply and be in full Force, and put in Execution in all Gases and for all Purposes, and be used and exercised by all Commissioned Officers of His Majesty's Army, Navy and Marines, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Acts, and the Powers, Authorities, Privileges, Protections, Exemptions, Exceptions* Clauses, Matters and Things relating thereto, and contained and enacted therein, were repeated and re-enacted in this Act, as to Officers of His Majesty's Army, Navy and Marines respectively. [See further, 47 G. 3.sess. 2. c. 66. § 16.]

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Ships seized by Ships, Vessels, Boats and Goods, or other Articles seized by any

Officer of His Majesty's Army, Navy or Marines, under the Pro- i; Vered to Revisions of this Act, shall forthwith be delivered to or lodged in the Venue Officers. Custody of some Officer of His Majesty's Customs or Excise, who shall thereupon take an Account thereof, and give a Receipt for the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Ships, Vessels, Seizures and

Boats, Goods and Articles seized under any of the Provisions of Penalties may this Act, and all Penalties and Forfeitures in this Act mentioned, underlie Laws may and shall be managed, kept, detained, proceeded against, in force where sued for, prosecuted, condemned, distributed, recovered and ap- seized, &c. plied, in England, Scotland and Ireland, respectively, according to

the Laws now in force relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Customs and Excise in such respective Parts of the United Kingdom, in so far as the same are or can be made applicable, and are not by this Act altered or varied.

[Persons detained under this Act, liable to serve in the Navy,

56 G.3. c. 104. §27.]

CAP. CXXII.

An Act for charging additional Duties on the Importation of

Foreign Plate Glass into Great Britain.

[12th July 1805.]

i T Y7 WHEREAS it is expedient that the Duties on Plate Glass,

‘ Crown Glass, and Glass called Sheet Glass, imported into Great Britain, should be increased; ’ May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the First Day of August One thousand Additional eight hundred and five, there shall be raised, levied, collected and on Fo"

paid, unto and to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Sue- ^late

cessors, an additional Duty of Customs of Two Shillings and Six- on^erman^ pence for each and every Foot superficial Measure of all Foreign Sheet Glass rough Plate Glass, and ground or polished Plate or Crown Glass; imported, and One Shilling for each and every Foot superficial Measure of German Sheet Glass, imported or brought into Great Britain;

and

250

45° GEO. III. C. 122.

A.D. 1805.

Glass to be imported in Packages of Five Cwt. and measuring Six Cubical Feet, marked " Plate Glass, " &c.

Except Plates of Sixty Inches long, &c.

Masters of Vessels to specify Packages of Glass in their Report.

Glass found inclosed in Packages containing other Goods forfeited, and Double Value.

Forfeitures how to be recovered.

and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity. [Duties made to cease last, by 59 G. 3. c. 52. § 1.]

" Such Duties shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England and respectively,

" and be levied as former Duties. § 2.

III. And Whereas there is great Reason to believe that the ‘ fraudulent Importation of Glass hath of late much increased, to ‘ the Injury of the Revenue and the Fair Trader; ’ For Remedy thereof it is hereby further enacted, That every Package containing any Plate or Plates of Glass unframed, being Plate Glass, Crown Glass, or Glass called Sheet which shall be imported

into this Kingdom, or which shall be brought in for the Purpose of Exportation, shall contain Five hundred Weight nett at least of such Glass, and shall measure Six Cubical Feet at least, and be entirely filled with Glass, without any other Case or Package whatever contained therein, and shall be marked or stamped on the Outside in Roman Letters, not less than Four Inches in Length, with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons to whom the same is consigned, and also with the Words " Plate Glass, " " Crown Glass" or " Glass called Sheet Glass, " respectively, as the Case may be, with the Number and Sizes contained in the said Package, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of all such Glass so imported or brought contrary to the Directions of this Act: Provided always, that this Act shall not extend to forfeit any Plate or Plates of Glass being of the Length of Sixty Inches or upwards, on Account of the same not being imported or brought in Packages marked and described as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of every Ship or Vessel in which any such Glass shall be imported, or which shall be brought into this Kingdom for the Purpose of Exportation, shall, in the Report of his Ship’s Cargo, express every Package in which such Glass shall be contained, as containing Plate Glass, Crown Glass, or Glass called Sheet Glass, respectively; and in case any Package shall be found on board any such Ship or Vessel containing such Glass, the Contents of which shall not have been reported as Glass according to the Directions of this Act, such Package, together with the Glass therein contained, shall be forfeited.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case any Crown Glass, Plate Glass or Glass called Sheet Glass, shall be found inclosed in any Case or Package whatever containing other Goods, Wares or Merchandize than such Crown Glass, Plate Glass or Glass called Sheet Glass, or shall be found amongst Goods so contained in any such Case or Package, all such Crown Glass, Plate Glass or Glass called Sheet Glass, shall be forfeited, together with Double the Value thereof.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Forfeitures created and incurred by this Act shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered and disposed of in such Manner, and by such Ways, Means and Methods, as any Forfeitures incurred for any Offence against the Laws of the Customs may now legally be sued for, prosecuted, recovered and disposed of; and the Officer or Officers

concerned

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 122, 123.

251

concerned in Seizures or Prosecutions under this Act, shall be entitled to and receive such Share of the Produce arising from the Seizures as they are now by Law entitled to upon Prosecutions of Seizures for unlawful Importation.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County or Place where the Cause of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment, shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath in any other Cases to recover Costs by Law.

Limitation of Actions.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

CAP. CXXIII.

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on John now Duke of Atholl, and the Heirs General of the Seventh Earl of Derby.

[12th July 1805.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

* TY7 WHEREAS the Isle of Man was granted in Sovereignty by King Henry the Fourth to Sir John, and was, by

an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King James the First, confirmed and assured to the right Heirs of James Lord Stanley, the Seventh Earl of Derby, the Ances- 7 J.l. c. 4.

tors of the most Noble John now Duke of Atholl: And Whereas the said Ancestors of the said John now Duke of Atholl continued Lords of the said Island, with Sovereign Rights, until the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: And Whereas an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act for the Improvement of 12G.1.C. 28. 4 His Majesty's Revenues of Customs, Excise and Inland Duties; § 25> 26 '

4 in which Act, Provisions were contained for purchasing the Sovereign Rights and Privileges of the Lords of the said Island,

and for paying the Compensation to be given for the same out of the Duties of Customs of England: And Whereas an Act 4 passed in the said Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for carrying into Execution a Contract 5 G. 3. c. 26.

made pursuant to the Act of Parliament of the Twelfth of His late Majesty King George the First, between the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury and the Duke and Duchess of Atholl,

the Proprietors of the Isle of Man, and their Trustees, for the Purchase of the said Island and its Dependencies under certain Exemptions therein particularly mentioned: And Whereas under all the Circumstances of the Resignation of the Rights, Royalties and Privileges, when vested in the Family of the said John

now

252

C. 123.

An Annuity equal to One fourth of the Revenue of Customs now arising within the Isle of Man to be paid out of Consolidated^ Fund to the Duke of Atholl, and the Heirs General of the Seventh Earl of Derby.

Provision in case of new Duties, or any Repeal or Alteration of present Duties.

4*5° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

* now Duke of Atholl, and by the said Act revested in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, it appears to be just and

* reasonable that a further Compensation should be given: And ‘ Whereas by virtue of a Deed of Restriction, bearing Date the i Twelfth Day of November One thousand seven hundred and ‘ seventy four, duly executed by the most Noble Charlotte Duchess

* of Atholl, the said John Duke of Atholl became entitled to the ‘ immediate Possession of the Rights reserved to his Family in

* the Isle of Man, and hath ever since continued to enjoy the

* same: And Whereas the Revenues arising from the Duties of < Customs of the said Island, before the passing of the said Act

* of the Fifth Year aforesaid, belonging to the Ancestors of the ‘ said John Duke of Atholl, and it is therefore just and proper ‘ that the annual Amount of the further Compensation to be given ‘ should be regulated from time to time by the Produce of the 1 Revenue's of the said Island:We, Your Majesty's most dutiful i and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament

* assembled, do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty i that it may be enacted; ’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That One Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum of lawful Money of Great Britain, equal to One fourth Part of the Gross Annual Revenue arising from the Duties of Customs now payable and arising within the said Island on the Importation and Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, into and from the said Island, shall be issuing and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon or payable out of the said Fund; ) and the same shall from time to time be paid Quarterly, free and clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, in Manner and Form following; that is to say, to the said John Duke of Atholl and the Heirs General of the Seventh Earl of

which said Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum shall commence and take effect from the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and five, the First Payment to be computed from the said Fifth Day of January, and from thenceforth shall be paid and payable at the Four usual Days of Payment in the Year; that is to say, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, the Tenth Day of October, and the Fifth Day of, in each and every

Year.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at any Time hereafter any new or further or additional Duties of Customs shall be granted on the Importation or Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, into and out of the said Island, the Annuity granted by this Act shall not be calculated on the Produce of any such new or further or additional Duties; and if any of the Duties of Customs, now payable and arising within the said Island, shall at any Time hereafter be repealed or altered or varied, or if at any Time hereafter any new Duties shall be granted

in

AD 1805.

45° GEO. III. C. 123.

253

Annuity to be paid at the Exchequer without Fees.

in lieu of any Duties of Customs that may be repealed, then and in every such Case, the Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum to be paid to the said John Duke of Atholland the said Heirs General of

the Seventh Earl of Derby, shall be calculated on the Average Produce of the Amount of the Duties of Customs so repealed, altered or varied, as the same shall have stood at the Rates now payable for the Three Years ending the Fifth Day of January next preceding the Repeal, Alteration or varying thereof as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury now being, and the High Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, and Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and required, upon the Receipt of the Certificate of the Receiver General of the Isle of Man, for the time being, of the Gross Produce of the Duties of Customs arising and payable within the said Island, in each Quarter of the Year ending as aforesaid, or of such Average Produce as aforesaid, in case any Duties of Customs now payable shall be repealed, altered or varied as aforesaid, from time to time as soon after the Receipt of such Certificate in any Quarter as the same can be done, from time to time by Warrants under their Hands, to direct the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the time being, to make forth and pass Debentures from time to time for paying the said Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum in Manner as aforesaid, and as the same shall from time to time become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying No Fees, the same or any Part thereof, which said Warrant, and the Debentures to be made forth and passed thereupon, shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the time being, for the Payment of the said Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum to the said

John Duke of Atholl, and the Heirs General of the Seventh Earl

of Derby, for ever, at the respective Feast Days in this Act before appointed for Payment thereof, or as soon after as the same can be done, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted, That after signing of such The Warrant Warrant, the same shall be good, valid and effectual in Law, ac- for Payment of cording to the Purport and true Meaning thereof and of this Act, *e. A"?uit?r not and shall not be determinable or revocable by or upon the Demise able^ on the"" of His Majesty (whom God long preserve) or of any of His,

Heirs or Successors, or by or upon the Death or Removal of any of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them or any of them.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury now being, and the High Treasurer of the Treasury for the time being, Chancellor and Under Treasurer, Chamberlains and Barons of the Exchequer, and all other the Officers and Ministers of the Court of Exchequer, and of the Receipt thereof, now and for the time being, shall and they are hereby authorized and strictly enjoined and required to do, without Fee or Reward, all such Acts, Matters and Things as are hereinbefore directed

and

Demise of His Majesty.

Commissioners of the Treasury and others to execute the Act without Fees.

2 54

C. 123, 124.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

The Receipt of the Duke of Atholl to be a Discharge.

Annuity how recovered.

and required, or shall be necessary to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, in order to render this Act and, the several Payments hereby directed, effectual.

VI. And be it enacted, That the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts of the said John Duke of, and of the

Heirs General of the Seventh Earl of, shall be a good and

sufficient Discharge for the Payment of the said Annuity or Yearly Sum, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf; and that the said Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum, and every Part thereof, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impositions and other Charges whatsoever: And in case any of the Officers of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer shall refuse or neglect to pay the said Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or to do any Act necessary to enable the said John Duke of Atholl and the Heirs General of the Seventh Earl of Derby, then the said John Duke of, and

such Heirs General as aforesaid, may from time to time sue, prosecute and implead such Officers, or any of them, their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, by Bill, Plaint or Action of Debt, and shall and may recover Judgment, and sue out Executions thereupon, against such Officers respectively, their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, for so much of such Sum or Sums of Money then due, and owing upon the said Annuity, Yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, as shall have been in the Hands of the Officer or Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer at the Time or Times when Demands shall have been legally made of the Payment of the said Annuity, Yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, as aforesaid, or for the Refusal or Neglect to d« any Act necessary to be done by such Officer or Officers respectively.

CAP. CXXIV.

4 G.3. c. 33. §1-

An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for preventing Inconveniences arising in Cases of Merchants, and such other Persons as are within the Description of the Statutes relating to

Bankrupts, being entitled to Privilege of Parliament and becoming Insolvent, and to prevent Delay in the entering Appearances in Actions brought against Persons having Privilege of Parliament.

[12th 1805.]

‘ WTDEEP AS by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fourth

W Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An (Act for preventing Inconveniences arising in Cases of,

e and such other Persons as are within the Description of the Sta-6 iutes relating to Bankrupts, being entitled to Privilege of Parliament, and becoming Insolvent, it is enacted, That, from and (after the Eleventh Day of May One thousand seven hundred

* and sixty four, it should be lawful for any single Creditor, or

* Two or more Creditors, being Partners, whose Debt or Debts

* should amount to One hundred Pounds or upwards, and for any ‘ Two Creditors whose Debts should amount to One hundred and { fifty Pounds or upwards, or any Three or more Creditors whose

21, Debts

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 124.

255

4 Debts should amount to Two hundred Pounds or upwards, of any Person or Persons deemed a Merchant, Banker, Broker,

* Factor, Scrivenor, or Trader or Traders, within the Description of the Acts of Parliament relating to Bankrupts, having Privilege of Parliament, at any Time, upon Affidavit or Affidavits being made and filed on Record in any of His Majesty's Courts

* at Westminster by such Creditor or Creditors, that such Debt or Debts is or are justly due to him or them respectively, and that every such Debtor, as he or they verily believe, is a Merchant, Banker, Broker, Factor, Scrivenor or Trader, within the Description of the Statutes relating to Bankrupts, to sue out of the same Court, Summons, or an original Bill and Summons, against such Merchant, Banker, Broker, Factor, Scrivenor or Trader, and serve him with a Copy thereof; and if such Merchant, Banker,

Broker, Factor, Scrivenor or Trader, should not within Two 4 Months after personal Service of such Summons (Affidavits of the Debt or Debts having been duty made and filed as aforesaid)

pay, secure or compound for such Debt or Debts to the Satisfaction of such Creditor or Creditors, or enter into a Bond in such Sum, and with Two such sufficient Sureties as any of the Judges of that Court out of which such Summons should issue,

‘ should approve of, to pay such Sum as should be recovered in such Action or Actions, together with such Costs as should be given in the same, he should be accounted and adjudged a 4 Bankrupt from the Time of the Service of such Summons; and any Creditor or Creditors might sue out a Commission against any such Person, and proceed thereon in like Manner as against other Bankrupts: And Whereas the said recited Provision hath by Experience been found to be extremely salutary, but hath on some Occasions, where Bonds have been given in pursuance thereof, been rendered nugatory by the Difficulty, and sometimes Impossibility of enforcing the entering Appearances in the Actions for the Payment of the Sums to be recovered, in which such Bonds have been given: And Whereas it is fitting and becoming the Honour and Dignity of Parliament to adopt every Means to give Effect to the said recited Act, and all and every the Provisions thereof Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, bjr and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority

of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, when Traders having any Summons, or original Bill and Summons, shall be sued out Privilege of against any Person or Persons deemed a Merchant, Banker, Bro- Parliament, ker, Factor, Scrivenor, or Trader or Traders, within the Descrip- shah within Two tion of the Acts relating to Bankrupts, having Privilege of Parlia- Summonsed1 ment, and such Affidavit or Affidavits of the Debt or Debts duty &c. under remade and filed, as in the said recited Act mentioned, and such cited Act, enter Merchant, Banker, Broker, Factor, Scrivenor or Trader shall en- an Appearance, ter into such Bond as in the said Act mentioned, to pay such Sum b<fadjudged as shall be recovered in such Action or Actions, together with Bankrupt* such Costs as shall be given in the same, every such Merchant,

Banker, Broker, Factor, Scrivenor or Trader, shall also within Two Months after personal Service of such Summons, cause an Appearance or Appearances to be entered to such Action or Actions,

y

256

C. 124-.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

On Process by Summons without Affidavit, Appearance may be entered for Defendant.

Appearances may also be put in for Defendants having Privilege of Parliament in Courts of Equity, on Return of Process of Sequestration.

-fSiC‘

tions, in the proper Court or Courts in which the same shall Tiavn been brought, and on default thereof he shall be accounted and adjudged Bankrupt from the Time of the Service of such Summons; and any Creditor or Creditors may sue out a Commission against any such Person, and proceed therein in like Manner as against other Bankrupts.

((If within Eight Days after passing this Act Appearances are " not entered by Defendants to Actions previously brought, t(such Action may be discontinued and a new Action brought un-<e der this Act, to which the Pendency of the former Action shall " not be pleadable. $ 2.

(III. And Whereas the Mode of proceeding by Distringas is ‘ extremely dilatory and expensive Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, when any Summons, or orignal Bill and Summons, shall be sued out against any Person haying Privilege of Parliament, and no such Affidavit shall be made and filed as in the said recited Act, and hereinbefore is mentioned, if the Defendant or Defendants shall not appear at the Return of the Summons, or within Eight Days after such Return, in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, upon Affidavit being made and filed in the proper Court of the personal Service of such Summons, which said Affidavit shall be filed gratis, to enter an Appearance or Appearances for the Defendant or Defendants, and to proceed thereon as if such Defendant or Defendants had entered his or their Appearance.

IV. AndAVhereas in many Cases, Persons having Privilege of e Parliament are named as Defendants in Suits instituted in Courts 1 of Equity against them, either alone or jointly with other Per-‘ sons, for enforcing against them Demands and Duties cogniz-1 able in Courts of Equity, and in some Cases such Defendants,

(having Privileges of Parliament, have stood out to the Return of ‘ Process of Sequestration issued against them for enforcing Ap-‘pearance, and such Process of Sequestration hath not been found sufficient to enforce such. Appearance Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, in Case any Defendant having Privilege of Parliament shall, upon a return of Process of Sequestration issued against him for not putting in. an Appearance to any original or other Bill of Complaint instituted against him in a Court of Equity for enforcing Discovery and Relief, or Discovery alone, (as the Case may be)f that then and in such Case such Court, upon producing the Return of such Sequestration in Court, may, on the Motion or other Application of the Plaintiff in such Cause, appoint a Clerk in Court to enter an Appearance for such Defendant so having Privilege of Parliament, and such Proceedings may be thereupon had in the Cause as if the Party had actually appeared.

‘ V. And Whereas in many Cases it is necessary on the Part of the Persons having legal Rights against Persons having Privilege 1 of Parliament, to proceed toy Bill in Equity against such Persons i so having Privilege of Parliament, to obtain from them Disco- very, on Oath, of Facts intended to be used or given in Evidence

A.D. 1805.

257

45° GEO. III. C. 124.

‘ dence in Courts of Law against the Persons making such Disco-c very, and in Cases where such Persons having such Privilege as ‘ aforesaid shall stand out Process of Contempt, Parties entitled

to such Discovery against them- have not sufficient Means of

compelling or obtaining the same in all Cases Bedt therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the pass- In Default of ing of this Act, when any Defendant, having Privilege.of Parlia- Answer to Bill ment, shall have appeared to any .Bill filed against him, seeking a in Equity Discovery upon Oath, or when an Appearance shall have been havin^PriX'^ entered for such Defendant according to the Provisions aforesaid, jege pariia-and such Persons shall refuse or neglect to put in his Answer to ment, Bill taken such Bill within the Time for that Purpose allowed by the Rules pro

and Orders of such Court, that then it shall and may be lawful for the Plaintiff in such Suit to apply to the Court for an Order, that such Bill shall be taken pro confesso against such Defendant, and upon such Application such Court of Equity shah make an Order, that such Bill shall be taken pro, unless the De-

fendant shall, within Eight Days after* being served with such Order, shew good Cause to the contrary.

VI. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any Such Bill read

such Order shall have been pronounced by any such Court of in Evidence, as Equity for taking such Bill ]iro confesso, that then such Bill in Answer put Equity so taken pro confesso shall be taken and read in any Court j?actgnmm110

of Law or Equity, as Evidence of the Facts and Matters and Things

therein contained, in the same Manner as if such Facts, Matters and Things had been admitted to be true by the Answer of the Defendant put in to such Bill, and such Bill so taken pro confesso shall be received and taken in Evidence of such and the same Facts, and on Behalf of such and so many Persons, as the Answer of the Defendant to the said Bill could and might have been read and received in Evidence of, in case such Answer had been put in by the Defendant thereto, and had admitted the same Facts, Matters and Circumstances, as in such Bill stated and set forth.

VII. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, Traders having That, from and after the passing of this Act, when any Decree or Privilege ot Order shall have been pronounced in any Cause depending in the

High Court of Chancery, or in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer Orders of Chan-at Westminster, or any Order shall have been made in the Matter eery, &c. to pay

of any Bankruptcy, or in the Matter of any Lunacy, against any Money,

Person being a Merchant, Banker, Broker, Factor, Scrivenor or deemed Bank-Trader, within the Description of the Statutes relating to Bank- ^P*5* rupts, having Privilege of Parliament, thereby ordering such Person to pay any Sum or Sums of Money to any Person or Persons, or into the Bank, in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, in Trust, in any Cause depending in that Coprt, or in the Matter of such Bankruptcy or Lunacy r or to the Deputy Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, in Trust, in any Cause depending in that Court, (as the Case may be,) and the *

Person so Ordered to pay such Sum of Money, so being a Merchant, Banker, Broker, Factor, Scrivenor or Trader, within the Description of the Statutes relating to Bankrupts, and having Privilege of Parliament, shall disobey such Order, the same having been duly served, then it shall be lawful for any Party or Person entitled to receive such Sum of Money under and by virtue of ' 45 Geo. III. S such

258

C. 124, -127.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

such Order or Decree, or interested in enforcing the Payment thereof, pursuant to such Order or Decree, in the Name of the said Accountant General or Deputy Remembrancer (as the Case may be) , to apply to the Court by which such Decree or Order shall have been pronounced; or in the Matter of such Bankruptcy or Lunacy (as the Case may be) , to fix a peremptory Day for the Payment of such Money, pursuant to the Terms of such Order or Decree, and such Day shall be accordingly appointed and fixed for that Purpose by an Order made in such Cause, or in the Matter of such Lunacy or Bankruptcy (as the Case may be); and if such Merchant, Banker, Broker, Factor, Scrivenor or Trader, within the Description of the Statutes relating to Bankrupts, having Privilege of Parliament, being personally served with such Order at the least Eight Days before the Day therein appointed for Payment of such Mone)r, shall neglect or omit to pay the same according to the Tenor of such Order, then such Person shall be deemed a Bankrupt from the Time of the Service of such last mentioned Order; and any Creditor or Creditors may sue out a Commission against such Person, and proceed thereon in like Manner as against other Bankrupts.

Proviso for Per-

VIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That nothing in sonal Liberty of this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to sub-Members. ject any Person whatsoever, entitled to Privilege of Parliament, to be arrested, restrained or imprisoned during the Teriii of such Privilege; but that every such Person shall continue to be exempt therefrom in like Manner as if this Act had not been made.

CAP. CXXV.

An Act to provide that the Proceedings now depending in the House of Commons upon Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors which have been exhibited against Henry Lord Viscount shall not be discontinued by any Prorogation or Dissolution of Parliament.

[12th 1805.]

CAP. CXXVI.

An Act to indemnify Persons who shall give Evidence against Henry Lord Viscount, upon the Impeachment

voted against him by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, in respect of Acts done by such Persons in any Office or Employment held by them under the said Lord Viscount Melville, during the Time he held and enjoyed the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy.

[12th 1805.]

CAP. CXXVII.

An Act to vest the Townleian Collection of Ancient Sculpture in the Trustees of the British Museum, for the Use of the Public.

[12th 1805.]

GEO. III. C. 12.8.

259

A.D. 1805.

CAP. CXXVIII.

An Act for allowing, under certain Restrictions, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and six, the bringing a limited Quantity of Coals, Culm or Cinders to London and Westminster, by Inland Navigation.

[12th 1805.]

WHEREAS the bringing of Coals, Culm or Cinders burnt 4 V ? from Coal or Culm, by Inland Navigation, nearer to Zon- don than certain Places, (specified in various Acts of Parliament authorizing the making of certain navigable Canals communicating with the Thames, and the Cities of London and, )

4 is by the said Acts, or other Laws now in force, prohibited.

And Whereas it may be beneficial to permit, under pertain Restrictions, a limited Quantity of Coals to be brought by the Grand Junction and Paddington Canals, towards the Supply necessary for the Cities of London and, and Places

adjacent, upon Payment of the like Duties as are now due and payable on Coals, according to the Weight thereof, brought Coastwise into the Port of London May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Commissioners Customs in England, and they are hereby required, as soon after of Customs to the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and five as PostatacS-tain the same can be done, to erect and maintain, or cause to be spot on the erected and maintained, a Stone or Post on or near to the Towing Towing Path Path of the Grand Junction Canal, at or near the North East of the Grand Point of Grove Park, as contiguous to the Wharf, now in the Junction Canal. Possession and Occupation of the Earl of Clarendon (and on the South Side thereof) , as the same can conveniently be placed, and as may appear to the said Commissioners to be eligible.

II. And be it further enacted, That no greater Quantity of any Not more than such Coal, Culm and Cinders, than Fifty thousand Tons in the -50,000 Tons of Whole, shall be brought by Means of the said Canals nearer to ^oals sliah he London than the said Stone or Post, within One Year from the such^tone^or^ First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and five. One Year?

III. And to the Intent that all Persons may from time to time be apprized of the Quantity of Coals, Culm or Cinders, which shall have been brought by Means of the said Canals, nearer to London than the said Stone or Post; ’ Be it further enacted, That the Officer to Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, to be appointed as keep an Ac-hereinafter mentioned, shall keep and enter in a Book or Books count of Coal to be provided for that Purpose, a just and true Account of the so brought. Quantity of Coals so brought as aforesaid, and shall daily affix in some conspicuous Place, at or near the said Stone or Post, in legible Characters, a true Statement of the total Quantity of Coals,

Culm and Cinders, which shall have been so brought, between the said First Day of August and the Day on which such Statement shall be so affixed; and when and so soon as the whole Quantity of Fifty thousand Tons of Coals, Culm or Cinders shall have been

S 2 brought

260

45° GEO. III.

A.D. 1805.

Coals not to pass unless with Certificates of Quantity, which are to be entered and registered.

Entry and

Register admitted as Evidence.

Giving false Certificate.

Penalty 50l.

Lading Coals beyond the Stone towards

C. 128.

brought nearer to London than the said Stone or Post, the Commissioners of the Customs shall, and they are hereby required, to cause Notice to be published thereof in the London ? and

in some or One of the Provincial Papers of the several Counties through which the said Canal passes; and after such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, no Boat, Vessel or-Barge, laden with or having on board any Coals, Culm or Cinders, shall pass the said Stone or Post; and if any Boat, Vessel or Barge, laden with or having on board any Coals, Culm or Cinders, shall, after such Notice, pass the said Stone or Post, then and in such Case all such Coals, Culm or Cinders, shall be forfeited, and may and shall be seized by any Officer of the Customs, who is hereby authorized and empowered to detain such Boat, Barge or Vessel for that Purpose.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Officer of Customs to permit any such Coals, Culm or Cinders, to pass the said Stone or Post., towards the supplying of London or Westminster, or the Places adjacent, under this Act, in any

Boat, Barge or Vessel, in which any other Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be laden, nor until the Master or Person having charge of the Boat, Barge or Vessel in which such Coals, Ciilm or Cinders, shall be laden, shall produce and deliver to such Officer as may be stationed at or near to the said Stone or Post, by order of the said Commissioners of Customs, (who is hereby authorized and required to receive or demand the same,) a Certificate, expressing the real Quantity of Coals, Culm or Cinders, in such Boat, Barge or Vessel; which Certificate every Person selling or shipping any Coals, Culm or Cinders, towards the Supply of London and Westminster, or the Places adjacent, is hereby required

to give to such Master or other Person having the Charge of such Boat, Barge or Vessel, who is hereby required to deliver the same to the said Officer of Customs, who shall sign and enter and register thes ame in a Book to be kept by him for that Purpose; and the said Entry and Register of the Certificate shall be accepted and admitted as and taken to be full and complete Evidence in all Cases in which the original Certificate is not produced; and in case there shall be in such Boat, Barge or Vessel, any greater Quantity of Coals than shall be expressed in such Certificate, or any other Goods, Wares or Merchandize laden on board, then and in such Case the Coals, Culm or Cinders on board of such Boat, Barge or Vessel shall be forfeited, and may and shall be seized by any Officer of the Customs, who is hereby authorized and empowered to detain such Boat, Barge or Vessel for that Purpose.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons

sending any such Coals, Culm or Cinders, for Sale, towards the Supply of the Cities of London Or, and Places ad-

jacent, shall knowingly give any false Certificate or Certificates of the Quantity or Quantities of Coals on board of any Barge or Vessel, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds. '

VI. And be it further enacted, That no such Coals, Culm or Cinders, shall, upon any Pretence whatever, be laden on board any Boat, Barge or Vessel, upon any Part of the said Canal

between

A.D. 1805.

45° GEO. III. C. 128.

261

between the said Stone or Post and the Termination of the said Paddington or Canal at Paddington, or on any Part of the said Canal between Thames, the said Stone or Post and the Junction of the said Canal with j^Ton5' the River Thames; and if any such Coals, Culm or Cinders, shall •be so laden on board any such Boat, Barge or Vessel, contrary to the Directions of this Act, the Person or Persons by whom or on whose Account the same shall be so laden, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds for every Ton Weight of such Coals, Culm or Cinders, and so in Proportion for any less Quantity; and such Coals, Culm or Cinders, shall be forfeited, and may and shall be seized by any Officer of the Customs, who is hereby authorized and empowered to detain such Boat, Barge or Vessel for that Purpose.

VII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be raised, Duties on such, levied and collected, on all Coals, Culm or Cinders brought along Coals, the Grand Junction or Paddington Canals, nearer to London than the said Stone or Post, the several.and respective Rates and Duties of Customs following; (that is to say,) the Sum of Seven .Shillings and Sixpence, for and upon each and every Ton of Coals,

Culm or Cinders so brought; and an additional Duty of Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings on every One hundred Pounds of such First Amount of Duty; and also a further additional Duty of Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings on every One hundred Pounds of such First Amount of Duty; and also a further additional Duty of Two Pounds Ten Shillings on such First Amount of Duty as aforesaid; amounting in the Whole to the Sum of Nine Shillings and Sixpence Three Farthings for and upon every Ton of such Coals,

Culm or Cinders: and there shall be raised, levied and collected

for every Ton of such Coals, Culm or Cinders, a further Duty of

One Shilling and Three Pence; which last mentioned Duty shall, To whom paid.

at the End of every Quarter, be paid to any Person or Persons to

be appointed by the Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the

City of London, to receive the same, or if no such Person shall be

appointed, into the Chamber of the City of, as and for

and in lieu of the Duty called Orphans D, and all other Rates,

Dues and Duties which are payable to the Corporation of,

+upon Coals, Culm or Cinders imported into the Port of London; and all such several and respective Duties shall be demandable and demanded, and shall be payable and paid to the proper Officer to be appointed by the Commissioners of the Customs in England to receive the same, according to the full Quantity and Weight of Coals, such Weight and Quantity as aforesaid to be ascertained in such Manner as the said Commissioners of Customs shall direct, in case it shall appear necessary to the said Commissioners to direct the ascertaining the same in any other or different Manner than is now used or authorized or required by any Act or Acts in relation

to any Coals carried Coastwise or brought into the Port of

[Duties repealed, 49 G. 3. c. 98. § 1. Schedule A. Coastwise.']

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Duties under Duties by this Act granted, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners Commissioners of Customs in England for the time being; and it Customs, shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby w*l° may aP-

262

C. 128.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Duties levied, &c. as former Duties, unless hereby altered.

Provisions of Acts in force

authorized to appoint proper Officers to ascertain, raise, levy, collect and account for the said Duties; and it shall also be lawful for the said Commissioners of Customs to cause any Building or Buildings to be erected, which may be necessary for the Accommodation of the said Officers, and for the weighing or otherwise ascertaining the Quantities and Weights of any such Coals, Culm or Cinders, and for the safe Keeping and Custody of any Coals that may be seized under or by any Officer of Customs, as to them, or any Four or more of them, may seem necessary for the carrying this Act into Execution, and ascertaining and levying and collecting the said Duties.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Duties of Customs granted by this Act may and shall respectively be ascertained, managed, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered and allowed, (except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act) in such and the like Manner, and by the same Means, Ways or Methods, as former Duties of Customs, and also by any such special Means, Ways or Methods respectively as former Duties of Customs on Coals or Culm or Cinders, burnt from Coals or Culm, were or might be ascertained, managed, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered and allowed; and all Coals, Culm and Cinders burnt from Coals or Culm, made subject to Payment of Duties under this Act, and all Coals, Culm and Cinders burnt from Coal or Culm, which may be brought by the said Canals nearer to London than the Place by this Act specified, or contrary to the Provisions of this Act, or of any other Act or Acts of Parliament, shall be, and the same are respectively hereby made subject and liable to all and every the special Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Seizures, Sales and Forfeitures respectively to which Coals, Culm or Cinders burnt from Coals or Culm, were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and five, respecting the Revenue of Customs, as far as the same are or can be made applicable, and except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act; and all Pains, Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures, of whatever Nature or Kind the same may be as well Pains of Death as others, for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and five, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers, Provisions and Directions contained in any such Act or Acts, shall (unless where expressly altered by this Act) and are hereby directed and declared to extend to and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in Execution for and in respect of the several Duties of Customs hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and made Part thereof.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Act of Parliament in force on and immediately before the said First Day of August

21 One

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 128. 263

One thousand eight hundred and five, by which any Rules? Re- relating to Coagulations, Conditions or Restrictions were made, established or toms extended directed, for the ascertaining the Weight or .Quantity, or the al °

Amount of any Duties on any Weight or Quantity of Goals, Culm r y a " or Cinders from Coals or Culm, or for the better securing the Revenue of Customs (except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act,) and all Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things relating thereto, shall and are hereby declared to be and remain in full Force and Effect, and shall be applied to the Subject of this Act, and for carrying the same into Execution, as fully and effectually as if they had been repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Corporation of

Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the City of London in London to ap-Common Council assembled, and they are hereby empowered from Point Officers time to time, as Occasion shall require, to appoint any Officer or to inspect Ves-Officers, or other Person or Persons, who shall have full Power, en W1 x

and they and each of them are hereby authorized (either in Company with the Officers of His Majesty's Customs, or without,) to

enter into any Boat, Barge or other Vessel, laden with Coals,

Culm or Cinders, passing or about to pass nearer to London than (he said Boundary Stone or Post, so to be affixed as aforesaid; and that every Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons so -to be appointed by the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons as aforesaid, shall and lawfully may have and exercise all and every or any of the Powers, and the several Ways and Means of ascertaining the Weights and Quantities of all such Coals, Culm and Cinders, as any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs have or lawfully may exercise or perform under or by virtue of this Act, as to any Coals, Culm or Cinders passing or about to pass . nearer to London than the said Boundary Stone or Post so to be affixed as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Obstructing whatsoever shall assault, oppose, molest, hinder or obstruct, any suc, Officers, such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons to be appointed

by the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons as aforesaid, in the due Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities given or granted to such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid by this Act, every Person or Persons so offending shall Penalty, be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall be subject and liable to the like Punishment, Pains and Penalties, as by Law may be inflicted in Cases of Misdemeanor by the Court before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit Limitation of shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for Actions, any thing done in pursuance of this Act such Action or Suit shall

be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Fact

committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County or

Place where the Cause of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere;

and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit

may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special General Issue.

Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the

Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such

S 4 Action

26* C. 128, 129. 45- GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Treble Costs.

Continuation of Act, One Year from Aug. I, 1805.

Action or Sait, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath in any other Cases to recover Costs by Law.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force for One Year, from the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and five, and no longer.

{Not repealed by 50 G. 3. c. 110: see § 14. of Act. — This Act continued by various, and as to Coals brought by Canal, 56 G.3. c. 124. — 58 G. 3. c. 62; and last continued

till 1st August 1825. — 1 G.4. c. 54.] -

Granted to make good the Supply for Service of Great Britain for 1805.

CAP. CXXIX.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great, and for

applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and five; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[12th Jidy 1805.]

I. 4,000,000 0 0 0ut of the British Consoli-]

dated Fund -

II. 1, 192, 115 19 11J Surplus of Grants for 1804 .

III. 14, 500,000 0 0 From the following Duties,

Additional Customs under - 43 3. c. 70.

Additional Duties of Excise - c. 81.

Duties on Property - - 122.

Excise on Wine - 44 3. c. 49.

Additional Customs ----c. 53.

Additional Duties on Property 45 G. 3. c. 15. J IV. The following Sums, viz.

Produce of Malt Act - - 45 G. 3. 1."

2.000. 0(10 I. — Pensions, &c. - — *---- c. 2.

22, 500,000l. — Loan (deducting

2, 500,000l. for Ireland)- - — " — c. 12.

Lottery (deducting One third for Ireland) -1, 192, 115/. 19s. Hid. — Surplus of

Grants. (See ante, §2.)

14, 500,000l. — From Duties. (See ante, §3.)

8.000. 000l. — Exchequer Bills -2, 500,000l. — Ditto -1, 500,000l. — Ditto *

4.000. 000l. — Out of Consolidated Fund. (§ 1.)

V. The following Sums

c. 74.

c. 118. £.119. c. 120.

Appropriated to the Uses after expressed.

(See §6 — 18. but see § 8. 13. as to Ireland.)

2, 500,000/___(Share of Loan) under 45 G. 3.

1, 500,000l. — Annuities -

Lottery - - .

c. 12. {

c. 40. 1

c. 74.

i

Appropriated to Uses as after expressed. (See §8, 9.13.19.22.)

A.D. 1805.

45° GEO. III. C. 129 *

265

2.964.000

4.680.000

390,000

1, 004, 940

975.000

525.000 57,000

For 13 Lunar Months.

VII. 3, 500,000 0 0 For the Service of Great Britain

VI. Application, ! viz,

.15, 035, 630. 6s.9d. for the Naval Services following, e£.2, 886,000 0 ' 0 Wages for 120,000 ) ] f

Men, including > I = eC.l 17 30,000 Marines) | g 0 0 Their Victualling - } <j 1 18

0 0 Wear and Tear of '

Ships 0 0 0rdnance

6 9 Ordinary of the Navy (including Half '

Pay) -

1 553, 690 0 0 Building, rebuilding and repairing

’ Ships, Extra - - For the Year 1805.

0 0 Hire of Transports -

0 0 Prisoners of War in Health.

0 0 Ditto ditto Sick -

Out of all or any of the Aids or Sup-(plies aforesaid.

To enable His Majesty to enter into such Engagements, and to take such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

VIII. 18, 581, 127 9 4£ For the Land Services following, ^.

4, 635, 188 17 7 For 135, 121 Effective Men in')

, Great Britain and Ireland

1, 424, 920 11 7 For Forces in the Plantations, &c.

including Gibr the Mediterranean, Ceylon and New South Wales

25, 410 18 4 East India recruiting Parties, Four

Troops of Dragoons and Fifteen Companies of Foot in Great

Britain -

175, 866 7 8 On Account of Recruiting and

Contingencies for Land Forces in Great Britain and Foreign Stations -

288, 858 3 2 For General, Staff and Hospital

Officers in Great Britain and Ireland -

2, 176, 326 10 7 For the Militia and Fencibles in Great Britain and Ireland -

65, 692 6 2 Contingencies for Militia and Fencibles in Great Britain and Ireland

198, 793 0 0 For Clothing Militia in Great Britain

34, 469 6 8 Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers

191, 838 8 10 Principal Officers of several Public Departments, their Deputies, Clerks and Contingent Expences, and Exchequer Fees, by Paymaster General in Great Britain and Ireland

From Dec. 25, 1804, to

Dec. 24, 1805, (both inclusive).

266

C. 129.

* £.476, 699 5

175, 623 7 11

5, 665 8 6

50,000 0 0

1,000 0 0

249, 397 11 4

29, 237 19 5

851, 350 6 4

20, 522 11 10

1, 642, 460 11 8

1, 600,000 0 0

1, 002 1 6

660, 803 15 3

3,000,000 0 0

600,000 0 0

IX. 3, 163, 416 1 6

190, 344 2 4

503, 234 8 10

129, 230 15 5

470, 769 4 7

X. 2, 500,000 0 0

XI. 8,000,000 0 0

XII. 1, 500,000 0 0

XIII. 800,000 0 0

XIV. 8, 792 4 4 '

XV. 5, 611 16 10

45° GEO. III.

Increased Rates to Inkeepers (see 44 G. 3. c. 38.) , I, odging Money in Scotland, Small Beer and Allowance on March in Iceland - - t v -

On Account of Half Pay to reduced Officers of Land Forces and Marines For Military Allowances to reduced Officers of Land Forces -Half Pay and Allowances to reduced Officers of British American Forces On Account of Officers late in the Service of the States General Chelsea and Kilmainham Hos- pitals, In and Out Pensioners, and Expences of the Hospitals Widows’ Pensions in Great Britain and Ireland Foreign Corps in His Majesty's Service -

General Hospital Expences, , fyc. c. for Ireland and Military Infirmary in Dublin Barrack Department in Great Britain and Ireland

A.D. 1805.

For the Year 1805.

From Dec. 25, 1804, to

Dec. 24, 1805, (both inclusive).

For the Year 1805.

For 1805.

Volunteer Corps in Great Britainf FDec‘%-5.1804,

! r 11 < to Dec. JLoOo,

and Ireland - - (both inclusive.)

For Military Allowances in Ire-1

land, formerly paid out of the > For the Year 1805. Military Contingencies - -J Army Extraordinaries not pro- From 25, 1803, vided for -j to Dec. 24, 1804.

Army Extraordinaries in

Britain - - V For the Year 1805.

Ditto ditto IreJ

For Ordnance for Land Service 7 in Great Britain - 3

Ditto ditto not provided for in 1803.

Ditto ditto ditto 1804.

For Ordnance Service for Ireland. 1

To replace that Sum advanced > For 1804. by Irish Exchequer - -J

For Ordnance in Ireland for 1805 *

To discharge outstanding Exchequer Bills under 44 G. 3. c, 81.

Ditto under 44 G. 3. c. 45.

Ditto under ---- c. 46.

Ditto (Irish) Treasury Bills, due in 1805.

To make good Money issued by Addresses of the House of Commons.

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 129.

XVI. Civil Establishments, viz.

8, 379

7, 165

4, 650

3, 100

2, 040

2, 136 12

d.

3

0

0

0

0

10

Upper Canada.

Nova Scotia.

New Brunswick.

Prince Edward’s Island. Cape Breton. Newfoundland.

£.23, 458 6 1

13, 315 6 4

414,000 0 0

135, 721 12 0

53, 719 1 11

20,000 0 0

12,000 0 0

29,000 0 0

10, 476 1 0

1, 828 5 4

20,000 0 0

175,000 0 0

7, 620 0 0

2,000 0 0

3,000 0 0

8,000 0 0.

11, 380 0 0

15,000 0 0

1, 839 4 5

9, 685 17 0

11, 600 0 0

8, 090 16 3

260 0 0

1, 060 10 0

500 0 0

2, 698 6 6

219 6 0

649 8 O

£. s. d.

4, 438 12 7 580 0 0 600 0 0 9, 225 12 6

14.000 0 0

18.000 0 0 From January 1, to December 31, 1805.

Royal Military Asylum at Chelsea\

Royal Military College - -J Sums awarded to be paid by the Commissioners on Article 7. of American Treaty.

French Clergy, , fyc. c. Toulonese and Corsican Emigrants, and American Loyalists Expence of Convicts at Home -Law Charges -Public Office in Bow Street

Printing and Stationery for the Two Houses of Parliament.

For Dissenting Ministers and I

French Refugees - V For the Year 1805.

Ministers of the VaudoisChurches)

Bills drawn and to be drawn from!

New South Wales, and to be- > The Year 1805. come due in the Course of - J Secret Services

Superintendence of Aliens, 43 3.

c. 155 - -Prosecutions, , fyc. c. relating to the

Coin -

Bahama Islands. Bermuda’s Isles. Dominica.

New South Wales. Sierra Leone.

Forts in Africa.

For the Year 1805.

►For the Year 1805.

- For the Year 1805.

In 1805.

For Contingencies for the Secretaries of State - For Messengers for ditto - - V For 1805.

For the Usher of the Court off Exchequer - For a House for the Judge Advocate General.

Sheriffs for Convictions of Felons - For 1805.

B.Cobbe, Esq. for Additional Allowance to Clerks in Auditor’s Office

Expences of the Malt and Barley Committees, House of Lords.

Expences under Navy Abuse Act.

Thomas Poole Esq. abstracting, 8$c. Poor Returns.

For Lord Walsingham as Chairman of the Committees of the Lords, in Session 1803-4.

J. Clementson Esq. in lieu of Apartments. Thames Police Office.

0)

© ©

© W

© —

O (U

§>5

Jj o

is

a g ©

H

For Three Quarters of a Year, to 5th Jan. 1805.

268

C. 129.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

* £559 19 6

1, 428 3 0

72 16 6

233 12 0

416 2 4

4, 905 4

8, 731 18 6

547 7 6

116 19 0

2, 693 15 0

305 17 4

1, 060 16 0

435 0 0

213 8 7

172 13 0

1, 059 2 0

, 049, 488 15 n

.10, 458 1

3, 708 18 11

8, 301 11 3

305 0 0

5, 210 0 0

753 18 0

20,000 0 0

10,000 0 0

3, 391 4 0

25,000 0 0

1, 500 0 0

3,000 0 0

4, 417 12 10

20,000 0 0

a>

o

o

o

a

bij

To Thomas Brodie Esq. for making an Index to Journals of the House of Lords.

To Thomas Eyance Esq. for continuing Journals of ditto'to July 1, 1801.

To William Chinnery Esq. for Stationery for New South Wales.

To Ditto for Mathematical Instruments for Ditto. J> o <} For Expences at the Parliament Office.

j Arrears of Civil List Establishment Brunswick.

To Messrs. Puget and remitted for

the Synods of Ulster and Munster.

For Attendance of Dr. T. B. Clarke relating to Act for enforcing Residence of the Clergy. For Representatives of Dr. P., re-

lative to Distemper among Horned Cattle.

For Bills drawn from New South Wales, due in 1805.

Deficiency of Grant for Office in Bow Street for 1804*.

To Sir Richard Ford for a Plan of a Horse Patrol round the Metropolis.

For Publishing Weekly Returns of Brown Sugar to October 1, 1804.

Deficiency of Grant of last Session for Disbursement of Serjeant at Arms.

For Framed Room for New South Wales.

For British Subjects detained in France.

To complete 5,000,000l. out of 7 . cn.

Consolidated Fund - _j*orl804.

Deficiency of Grant for Arrears of Civil List in January 5, 1804.

Deficiency of Grant for Printing and Stationery for Parliament for 1804.

Printing Papers respecting the Mahratla War, and Poor Returns.

Deficiency of Votes for Officers of both Blouses of Parliament in 1804.

For Ditto for 1805.

For completing Printing 57th Volume of the Journals of the House of Commons.

Printing Journals of the House of Commons, Votes, Bills, §c. during the present Session.

Reprinting Journals, Indexes, Reports, of the House of Commons.

Purchase of Ground and Buildings in St. Margaret's Street and Palace Yard.

To the Proprietors of the Crinan Canal.

Veterinary College - - I For 180.5.

Board of Agriculture - 3

Purchase of Ground, , fyc. c. for erecting a Court House for Westminster.

For purchasing the Collection of Sculptured Marbles, 8$c. of the late C.Townley Esq. (45 G. 3. c. 127.)

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. 129.

269

£4,000 0 0

2,000

5,000

1,000,000

20,000

10, 589

1, 851

1, 4-21

6,000

3,000

0

0

0

0

10

3

11

0

0

10

HI

0

0

135 6 0

1, 271

324

310

2, 801

2

16

7

9

0

0

01

10

1, 113 9 6

535 3 6

XVIII.

XIX.

XX.

5,000

10,000

For cleansing the Hath our of Catvoater and Sutton Pool* j; j-

For rebuilding MethillPier in the County of Fife.

For making Discoveries in the Interior of.

For the East India Company for Expences incurred. For a Naval Asylum.

Work done at the Two Houses of Parliament and at the Speaker’s, between 24th April 1804, and 5th April 1805.

Repairs of King’s Bench Prison.

Works at the Marshalsea Prison.

Bridge over the Spreyat Fochabers.

f Fees on passing Public Accounts issued to Bernard Cobbe Esq.

For Models of Arches for Bridges for the Committee of House of Commons. Contingencies under Navy Abuse Act.

Plan for Security of Shipping in the Port of London.

3

O

d o

co

«\2 o h-3

j> o 72<1 Digesting and abstracting Poor Returns.

Additional Allowance) v,

, f ror the Year ended

rs O ©

o

C3

to Clerks in Auditors’ f -7 -

Office - - \ 1805.

Fees on Tallies levied on Aids granted by Parliament.

For Plan of a Horse Patrol round the Metropolis.

Military Roads in North Britain for 1805.

Roads and Bridges in the High-

igh-\

ast-

For 1805.

British. £.23, 076 18 830 15

lands

50,000 0 0 Inland Navigation from the East

ern to the Western Sea For Services in Ireland, viz.as in 44 G. 3. c. 110. § 20.

For other Services, , fyc. c. in Ireland, viz.

Irish.

___25 000 For One

6

6 —

0 0 Civil Buildings

900 0 0

Printing, 45 G.3.

Acts

Year to Jan. 5, 1806.

6, 485 19 11 — 7, 026 9 10£ Publishing Proclam-

ations, , fyc. c. in Dub-

lin Gazette

1, 846 3 1 — 2,000 0 0 Treasury Incidents

--- 760 3 2\ Gold Mines

18, 840 0 0 — 20, 410 0 0 Expences of Chief

and Under Secretary’s Office

2, 307 13 10^ — 2, 500 0 0 Apprehending public \

Offenders -

23, 076 18 6 — 25,000 0 0 Expences of Criminal

Prosecutions, and other Law Proceedings

966 18 7 — 1, 047 10 0 Pratique in Port of

Dublin

— 9, 176 3 3 Non Conforming Mi-

nisters of Ireland

For the Year to Jan. 5, 1806.

270

C. 129.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

XXI. B.

<§£9, 230 15 5

Irish

— 10,000 0

0

5, 538 9 3

— 21, 600 0 0

6,000 0 0

For 1806.

For One Year to Jan. 5, 1805.

9, 230 15 5 — 10,000 0 0

1, 846 3 1

Dublin Paving Corporation -

To the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures in Ireland, (as spe- j cified in 43 G. 3. J c. 162. §21.) - -J

Towards building a Hall for the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland -Dublin Society for promoting Husbandry and other I From Jan. 5, 1805, useful Arts in Ire- to Jan. 5, 1806. land -

5, 538 9 i3

4, 615 7 9

XXII.

• — 2,000 0 0 Farming Society in, Ireland

Jl 00 00 o i-H 14 8 To Commissioners for widening Streets in Dublin

6,000 0 0 For rebuilding the^ Parish Church of St. Andretv, Dublin

5,000 0 0 Board of First Fruits for building and rebuilding Churches

— 22, 500 0 0 Dublin Foundling' Hospital

1, 691 13 4 Hibernian Marine Society for Sailors’ Children in Ireland

— 6, 132 19 8 Hibernian School for Soldiers’ Children

— 958 13 8 FemaleOrphan House

— 1, 280 0 0 Society for discountenancing Vice

. — 6, 897 0 0 Lock Hospital -

— 21, 433 18 7 House of Industry

— - 1, 030 18 6 Fever Hospital -

— 2, 599 8 0 Lying-in Hospital

— 1, 795 0 0 Dublin Penitentiary

400 0 0 Commissioners of Charitable Donations -

— 8,000 0 0 Roman Catholic Seminary

— 4, 942 0 0 Steevens's Hospital

22, 621 6 1 Society for promoting English Protestant Schools -

For One Year to Jan. 5, 1806.

For One Year to Jan. 5, 1806.

XXIII. ) Directing Applications of Supplies and Rules for receiving Half Pay,

XXIV. £ and Application of Overplus of Sum appropriated to reduced Officers, XXV. l by 44 G. 3. c. .110. § 8. — (As in former Acts.)

3y

A.D. 1805; 45° GEO. III. i, ii.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED,

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

N.B. — The Continuance of such of the ensuing Acts as are temporary will be known (where it is not expressly stated) by referring to the following List, according to the corresponding Letter in the Title.

(a) For 21 Years, &c. [i. e. to the End of the then next from a Day named in the Act.

(b) For 21 Years, &c.from the passing of the Act.

(c) For 21 Years, , fyc. c. after the End of the Term under former Acts.

All Acts in this List not distinguished by the Letters (q. P.) are Public Acts; to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following:

" And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken " Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded/ '

(q. P.) Quasi Public Acts, i. e. Acts to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following " And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed " by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a " Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence u thereof by all Judges, Justices and others."

[N.B. c. ix. and x. have the Quasi Public Clause mentioned in the Note at the Head of the Local and Personal Acts, 43 G. 3.; but this Clause is now.

Cap. i.

An Act to continue and amend an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Derby, through to Hurdloe House,

in the County of Derby, (c) [22d February 1805.]

Cap. ii.

An Act to indemnify all Persons employed in the Disposal of Coals in the Coal Market in the City of London, who have incurred Penalties under certain Provisions of an Act, made in the Forty third Year Of His present Majesty, for establishing a free Market in the City of London for the Sale of Coals, and for preventing Frauds and Impositions in the Vend and Delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain Places therein mentioned.

[22d 1805.]

271

17 G. 3.C. 92.

43 G. 3. (a) c.cxxxiv.

(a) Repealed 47 G. 3. sess.2. c.clxviii.

272

C. iii — viii.

45° GEO. III.

29 G.2. c. 43. 7 G.3. c. 105.

Destroying

Works,

Punishment.

A.D. 1805.

Cap. iii.

An Act for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of Crewkerne, in the County of Somerset, (a) [1st March 1805.]

[5 G.3. c. 61. and 26 G. 3. 123.

Cap. iv.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Manchester to Bolton and to to raise

Money to complete the same.

[12th March. 1805.]

[80,000l. — Former Act, 31 3. c. 68.]

Cap. v.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Surrey Iron Railway to raise a further Sum of Money, for completing the said Railway, and the Works thereunto belonging.

• [12th March 1805.]

[10,000l. — See41 Geo. 3. c. xxxiii. — 46 Geo. 3. c. cxiv.]

Cap. vi.

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty ninth Year of His late Majesty, and the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for making a Road from the East Side of the Parish of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, to the East End of Church Street, in the said Parish, and to open a Way into Shoreditch, and for keeping the same in Repair. (b)[12th March 1805.]

Cap. vii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Hollinxooood, in the Township of Chadderton, to Feather stall, in the Township of Hundersfield, in the Countjr Palatine of Lancaster, and for making and maintaining several Branches of Road to communicate therewith. (h) [12th March 1805.]

Cap. viii.

An Act for inclosing and draining certain Lands in the Parishes of Winterton, East Somerton and West Somerton, in the County

of Norfolk.

[12th March 1805.]

XLVII. AND be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously cut, damage, break down, demolish or destroy any Bank, Mill, Engine, Dam, Floodgate, Bridge, Dike, Sluice or Tunnel already made, or which shall at any Time hereafter be made or erected, supported, maintained or used for the Purposes of this Act, every Person so offending and being convicted thereof shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and the Court before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, or, in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may, if they think .fit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny.

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. ix-rxvi.

273

Cap. rx.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Simonburn, in the County of Northumberland. (q. P.) [12th 1805.]

Cap. x.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Rothbury and Elsdon in the County of Northumberland, (q. P.)

[12th March 1805.]

Cap. xi.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near Ashton under Lyhe and Oldham more effectually to provide for the Discharge of their Debts, and to complete the said Canal, and the Cuts and Works thereto belonging.

[18th March 1805.]

[Company empowered to raise 10,000 additional. — - See former Acts, 32 G.3. c. 84. — 33 G.3. c. 21. — 38 3.

c. xxxii. — and 39 & 40 Geo. 3. c. xxiv.]

Cap. xii.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Peak Forest Canal more effectually to provide for the Discharge of their Debts, and to complete the said Canal, and the Cut, Railways or Stone Roads and other Works thereof.

[18th March 1805.]

[Company empowered to raise 60,000l. additional. — See former Acts, 34 G. 3. c. 26. — 39 & 40 G. 3. c. xxxviii.]

Cap. xiii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Middleton in Teesdale, in the County of Durham, (q. P.) [25th March 1805.]

Cap. xiv.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from a Place called Nightingales, in the Township of Heath Charnock to the Bridge at the West End of the Town of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and other Roads therein mentioned, (a) [5th April 1805.]

[Former Acts, 3 G. 3. c. 31. — 25 G. 3. c. 106.]

Cap. xv.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the 31G.2. c. 68. Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty first Year of His late 9G.S. c. 7s. Majesty, and the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road leading from Pengate to Latchetfs Bridge, and other Roads therein described, in the County of Wilts, so far as the same relate to the First District of Road therein mentioned, and for amending other Roads near or adjoining to the said Roads, (b) [5th 1805.]

[See44 G. 3. c.lxi.]

Cap. xvi.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the S4 G.3. c.iS9. Powers of Two Acts passed in the Thirty fourth and Thirty 37 G.3. c. 166.

45 Geo. III. T seventh

27 *

C. xvi — xxiii.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

20G.2. c. 25. 22G.2. c. 51. 26 G.2. c. 89.

seventh Years of His present Majesty, for making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Clackmannan and Perth; and for making and keeping in Repair several other Roads communicating therewith, (a) [5th 1805.]

{Continuedfor21 Years, S^c 8. xlvi.]

Cap. xvii.

An Act for repealing Three Acts, passed in the Twentieth, Twenty second and Twenty sixth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Stockton Tees to Darlington, and from thence to Barnardcastle, in the

County of Durham; and for more effectually repairing the said Road. («) [5th April 1805.]

Cap. xviii.

An Act for vesting certain Estates, situate in the Counties of Essex and Surrey, devised by the Will of Sir William Burrell Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, upon Trust, to sell the same; and for laying out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of Estates in the County of Sussex, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates so sold. (q. P.)

[5th April 1805.]

Cap. xix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Carlton, Chelling-ton and Steventon, in the County of Bedford, (q. P.)

[5th April 1805.] {{And for making Compensation for ]

Cap. xx.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of, in the Parish of Ashton upon Mersey, in the County Palatine of Chester. (q. P.) [5th April 1805.]

Cap. xxi.

An Act for regulating the Police of the City of, and

the adjoining Districts; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[10th 1805.]

{Repealed, 52 G. 3. c. clxxii.]

Cap. xxii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road leading from the Limits of the Counties of Edinburgh and Lanark to the Burgh of Lanark, in the County of Lanark, (a) [10th April 1805.]

Cap. xxiii.

An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty, to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Thirty first Year of His late Majesty, for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof, and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour

or

A.D. 1805.

U9 GEO. III.

C, xxiii.

27 5

or Bread, so far as the same relates to the Assize and making of Bread, to be sold in the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange.

[11th April 1805.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty seventh Year c. 98.

of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to i

amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Thirty first '’ *

4 Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the,

intituled uAn Act for the due making of , and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof and to punish Persons shall adulterate Meal, Flour or Bread, so far as the same relates to the Assize and making of Bread to he sold in the City of London and -4 ties thereof and ‘within the Weekly Bills of, and within

4 Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange And Whereas by reason of the great Increase that has taken place in the several Articles used in the making and baking of Bread, since the passing of the said Act, it is become expedient that the Makers and Bakers of Bread for Sale, within the City of London and Liberties thereof,

and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, should receive a greater Allowance for their Charges, Labour, Pains, Livelihood and Profit, than is given to them by the said Act Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from time to time, when and so often as the Court of Mayor Allowance to and Aldermen of the City of London, or the Lord Mayor of the Bakers in-said City for the time being, shall set the Assize of Bread, in creased* Execution of the said Act made in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Allowance made to the Baker, when the Assize shall be set from the Average Price of Wheat, shall be Sixteen Shillings per Quarter or Two Shillings per Bushel on Wheat; and when the Assize shall be set from the Average Price of Flour, such Allowance shall be Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence per Sack on Flour, being in each Case an Increase of Half an Assize to the Allowance given to the Baker by the said Act of the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, or the Lord Mayor of the said City for the time being, in settling the said Assize, shall make such Addition by adding One Half an Assize to each of the Prices specified in the Table annexed to the said last mentioned Act, according to the Rules and Proportions contained in the said Table, as nearly as can be.

II. And Whereas an Act was passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting additional Duties on Salt in Great Britain, whereby the Price of that Article is ma-

terially increased, and the Bakers will be considerably injured if some further Allowance is not made to them on Account of such additional Duties; ’ Be it therefore further enacted, That while Additional such additional Duties on Salt shall continue, but no longer, the Allowance on Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or the Lord Mayor of the City of Account of the London for the time being, from time to time in setting the Assize jjou

T 2 of

276

45 G.3. c. 14. in addition to that under S8 G. 3. c. 62.

[Proviso.]

4 G.S. c. 42. 24 G.3. sess.l. c, 22.

C. xxiii, xxiv, xxv. 45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

of Bread, in Execution of the said Act of the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also of another Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to amend the said Act, and of this present Act, or of either of them, when and so often as they or he shall think proper to use or be guided by the Average Price of Wheat, shall, immediately before the setting of such Assize, add to what shall, by means of the then last general Return or Account of Wheat, appear to be the then Average Price Quarter of Wheat, fit for making of Wheaten Bread, the Sum of Sixpence on Account of the said new Duties on Salt, so as to increase such Average Price Sixpence per Quarter, and shall then, in setting the Assize of Bread, make use of such increased Average Price or Sum, in all Respects, as if the same were the real Average Price of Wheat; and that from time to time, when and so often as the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or Lord Mayor, shall, in setting the Assize of Bread, in Execution of the same Two Acts and of this Act, or of either of them, think proper to use or be guided by the Average Price of Flour, they or he shall bnmediately, before setting such Assize, while such new Duties on Salt shall continue, but no longer, add to what shall, by Means- of the then last general Return or Account of Meal and Flour, appear to be the then Average Price per Sack of Flour, fit for the making of Wheaten Bread, the Sum of Five Pence on Account of the said new Duties on Salt, so as to increase such Average Price Five Pence per Sack, and shall then, in setting the Assize of Bread, make use of such increased Average Price or Sum, in all Respects, as if the same were the real Average Price of Flour: Provided always, that the said additional Allowances of Sixpence on the Quarter of Wheat, and Five Pence on the Sack of Flour, by this Act granted, shall be independent of, and in Addition to, the several Sums granted in and by the said Act of the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in Consideration of the new Duties then laid upon Salt.

"Commencement of the Act, Second Tuesday after the passing. § 3.

[A.B. — There is not any Clause in this Act to declare it Public } nor is the Quasi Public Clause inserted. — See 52 G. c. 116. — Repealed as therein, 3. c.xcix. § 1.]

Cap. xxiv.

An Act. to enable Robert Bovoyer of Pall Mall^ in the City of Westminster, Esquire, to dispose of his Collection of Paintings, Drawings and Engravings, together with several Copies of certain Books therein mentioned, by way of Chance.

[11th 1805.]

[Term extended, 4?7 G. 3. sess. 1. c. 1.]

Cap. xxv.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fourth and Twenty fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from

Shilling ford

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. xxv — xxx. 277

Shillingford in the County of Oxfordthrough Wallingford and Pangborne to Readings in the County of Berks; and for

building a Bridge over the River Thames at or near Shillingford Ferry, (c) [11th April 1805.]

Cap. xxvi.

An Act for assessing the Proprietors of Lands in the county of .

Sutherland, towards the Expence of making and supporting such Roads and Bridges therein, as shall be approved of by the Commissioners, appointed by an Act of the Forty third Year of 43 G. 3-c. 80.

His present Majesty, for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland; for making a Turnpike Road from Portinleik to the Ord; and converting the Statute Labour of the said County into Money, (a) [11th 1805.]

[Repealed, 1 #2 G.4. cxxiii.]

Cap. xxvii.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the 2 G. 3. c. 83. Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty fourth 24 G.3. sess.2. Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from. c, 7° *

Kirkby Steven High Lane Head, in the County of Westmorland, through Sedbergh, to Greet a Bridge, in the County Palatine of

Lancaster, and other Roads therein mentioned in the said Counties, and in the County of York, (b) [11th 1805.]

Cap. xxviii.

An Act for altering, amending and consolidating several Acts for repairing Turnpike Roads in the County of Ayr; for repairing other Roads therein; and for making more effectual the Statute Labour in the said County, (a) [17th May 1805.]

[Former Acts, 7 G. 3. c. 106. and 14 G. 3. c. 109. repealed. —

This Act altered, 49 G. 3. c. xxxii. — -Se51 G. 3. c. xxxviii.

— 58 G.3. c.iii.j

Cap. xxix.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering the Powers of so 12 G. 3. c.S2. much of Two Acts, made in the Twelfth and Thirty second 32 G. 3. c. 124. Years of His present Majesty, as relate to the Road from

InglistonBridge, by Biggar to Leadhillsand to the Confines of the County of Lanark; and for making and maintaining a Continuation of the said Road from Dolphinton to the Confines of the County of Edinburgh.(6) [17th May 1805.]

[Repealed, 54 G. 3. c. ccxv.]

Cap. xxx.

An Act for erecting and maintaining a Harbour, Docks and other Works, £t Ardrossan, in the County of Ayr.

[17th May 1805.]

[The Ardrossan Harbour Company incorporated. — See 46 G. 3. c. lxxv.]

278

C. xxxi — xxxvii.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

32 G. 2. c. 53. 7 G.3. c. 79.

2 G.3. c. 54.

24 G. 3. sess. 1. c 28.

2 G.3. C. 49* 24 G.3. sess.l. c. 30.

Cap. xxxi.

An Act for confirming the Charter, and enlarging the Powers of the Incorporation of the Officers of Excise in Scotland.

[17th May 1805.]

Cap. xxxii.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for the Improvement of the Harbour of Leith.

[17th May 1805.]

[80,000l. additional. Seeformer, 28 3. c. 58. — 38 G. 3.

c.xix. and 39 G. 3. c. xliv.- — 3. c. 114. — 53 G. 3.

c.xxxiii.]

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act for the Preservation of Salmon and other Fish in the Rivers in the County of Carmarthen, and County of the Borough

of Carmarthen.

[17th May 1805.]

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act for the making, repairing, lighting, watching and watering certain Roads from the Borough of Plymouth to Stonehouse Bridge and Plymouth Dock, in the county of , and for regulating the Stands and Fares of Hackney Coaches and Carts using the same, (b) [17th May 1805.]

[Former Act, 24 G. 3. sess. 2. c. 67. repealed. This Act continued for 21 Years, 3 G4. c. 51.]

Cap. xxxv.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty second Year of His late Majesty, and in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to Nottingham Trent Bridge in the County of Nottingham, (b) [17th May 1805.]

Cap. xxxvi.

An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Castle Street, at the End of the Town of Hinckley, to Lutterworth Towns and from the Guide

Post at JValcot Town s End, in the County of Leicester, to the Eighty Mile Stone in WelfordField, in the County of Northampton. (ic) [17th May 1805.]

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty fourth Years of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the Turnpike Road at or near Swindon, to Marlborough, and from Marlborough to Everly, in

the County of Wilts, (c) [17th May 1805.]

[Continued, 1 & 2 4. c* cxiii.]

A.D. 1805. 45 GEO. III. C. xxxviii — xliii. 279

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act for enabling Thomas Barrow Esquire, and the Person and Persons for the time being respectively entitled to the Freehold in Possession of, and in the Moiety of certain Estates in

chester, in the County Palatine of Lancast, under the Will of William Barrow, deceased, to grant and convey the same Moiety in Fee Simple for building upon or otherwise improving the same, reserving Rents, or to make Building Leases thereof, or ' to join with the Owner or Owners for the time being, of the other Moiety thereof in making such Grants and Conveyances or Leases respectively, (q. P.) [17th May 1805.]

Cap. xxxix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township and Manor of ingtoriy in the Parish of Arlecdon, in the County of Cumberland.

(q. P.) [17th May 1805.]

Cap. xl.

An Act for assessing the Proprietors of Lands in the County of 43 G.3. c.so. Ross, and such Parts of the Counties of Cromarty and Nairn as lie in the said County of Ross, towards the Expence of making and supporting such Roads and Bridges therein as shall be approved of by the Commissioners appointed by an Act, passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland.

[5th 1805.]

[Act to continue for 15 Years. — Amende, 50 3- c. clxxxix.

— 53 G.3. c. cxxxvi. See 55 G. 3. c. 124. §5.-59 3. c. 135. §11.]

Cap. xli.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant Part of His Majesty's [See 41 G.3. Allotment of the disafforested Forest or Chase of, in (U.K.) c. Ivi.]

the County of Stafford, for the Erection of a Church, and the Endowment of the Minister thereof, and for building and establishing the said Church.

[5th June 1805.]

[Right of Patronage vested in His Majesty in Right of his Duchy of Lancaster.§ 10.]

Cap. xlii.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution an Act, passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign 42 G. 3. c.xci, of His present Majesty, for making additional Basons or Docks at Kingston upon Hull. ([5th June 1805.]

[Dock Company empowered to raise Money by Sale of 30 New Shares.\

Cap. xliii.

An Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Forty 41 G. 3. (U.K.) first Year of His present Majesty, for enabling Charlotta Bethell c, iXX" *

Widow, to make and maintain a Navigable Canal from the River Hull to Leven Bridge, in the East Riding of the County of

York. T 4 [5th June 1805.]

280

C. xliv — 1.

«o GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

9 G.3. c. 66. 12 G< 3. c. 76.

2 G. 3. c. 46.

24 G. 3. ses3.1 c. 27.

27G.2. c. 42» 29G.2. c. 66* 2 G. 3i C, 69 *

Cap. xliv.

An Act for building a new Gaol in the Borough of

in the County of Southampton.

[5th 1805.]

Cap. xlv.

An Act for establishing a new Church or Chapel at , in

in the Parish of Lanover, in the County of Monmouth.

[5th June 1805.] [Right of Patronage vested i Thomas Hill of Denis in Staffordshire, and Samuel Hopkins of Blaenavon, Iron Masters and Copartners, {by whom the Church ivas built and dowed,) and their Heirs and ]

Cap. xlvi.

An Act for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Elgin, and for levying a Conversion in lieu of the Statute Labour, and otherwise regulating the making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said County. (5) [5th June 1805.]

[Repealed as therein mentioned, without Prejudice to,

59 G. 3. c. lvii.]

Cap. xlvii.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Ninth and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Norwich to Scole Bridge, in the County of Norfolk, (b)

[5th June 1805.]

Cap. xlviii.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the -withielTurnpike Road, through Tregony to Ruan Lanehorn, and from Dennis Water to Three hundred Yards on the South Side of Trethin Mill, in the County of Cornwall, (b) [5th June 1805.]

Cap. xlix.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to the Guide Post in Saint Margaret's Field, , and another Road

therein mentioned, (a) [5th June 1805.]

[Acts, 4* G. 3. c. 84?. and 25 G. 3. c. 113. repealed as to the First District therein mentioned. See also Cap. lxxvii. of this Session. 3

Cap.

An Act to revive, continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Twenty seventh and Twenty ninth Years of His late Majesty, and in the Second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of

Hinckley,

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. li — lvi.

281

Hinckley, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of,

in the County of Warwick) and from thence to Bishop's Gate> in the City of Coventry, (b) [5th June 1805.]

Cap. li.

An Act for the better amending and repairing of the Road leading from the Bounds of the Counties of Limerick and , between the Towns of Kilmallock and , to the City of

Cork. (a), [5th June 1805.]

[Irish Ads, 5G.2. c. 22. — 19G.2. c. 19. — 28 G. 3. c. 28. and 30 G. 3. c. 47. repealed as to the Roads under this Ad.]

Cap. lii.

An Act for the better amending and repairing of the Road leading from the Town of Carlow to the City of Kilkenny, (a)

[5th June 1805.]

[Irish Acts, 5 G. 2. c. 18. — 9 G. 2. c. 24. and 3 G. 3. c. 32.]

repealed as to Roads under this Act. — Powers altered and enlarged) 52 G. 3. c. cliii.]

Cap. liii.

An Act for vesting several Messuages and Hereditaments in and

near Sheffield) in the County of Yor, and divers detached

Parts of the settled Estates of the most Noble Charles Duke of

Norfolk in Trustees, upon Trust, to sell; and to enable the said

Charles Duke of Norfolk to enfranchise certain Copyhold and

Customary Lands, Parcels of certain Manors in the Counties of

Nofolk) Suffolk and Sussex, other Parts of the said settled

Estates; and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sales

and Enfranchisements in the Purchase of more convenient

Estates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, (q. P.)

[5th June 1805.]

Cap. liv.

An Act for vesting certain Estates comprized in the Settlements executed on the Marriages of Elizabeth, afterwards the Wife of John Earl of Ashburnham, and Theodosia, afterwards the Wife of Charles Boone Esquire, in new Trustees, (q. P.)

[5th June 1805.]

Cap. lv.

An Act for exchanging Part of the Fee Simple Estate of Sir John Buchanan Baronet, in the county of , for his

settled Estates in the Counties of Bedford and Buckingham.

(q* P.) [5th June 1805.]

Cap. lvi.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers

of an Act, made in the Twenty seventh Year of His present 27 G. 3. c, Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Berwick upon Tweed) by Ayton Bridge, to Dunglas Bridge) and also the Roads from Billie Causeway and Preston, to join the

said Road at or near Cockburnspath, in the County of

Berwick. (b), [27th June 1805.]

[Continued for 21 Years, %c. 51 G. 3. c.xli.]

CVlvii, lviii.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

2S2

36 G. 3. c. 143.

40 G.3. c.xlvii.

Cap. lvii.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Crossford Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to, in

the County Palatine of Chester. (6) [27th June 1805.]

Cap. lviii.

An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London; and for extending the Powers and Provisions of the said Act.

[27th June 1805.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other

i Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, ‘ within the Port of London: And Whereas certain Persons therein named and described, and who were to be thereafter called The London Dock Company, were empowered to construct and make certain Basons, Docks, Quays, Wharfs and other Works, within certain Limits therein mentioned, in order to provide for the Safety and Accommodation of Ships and Vessels frequenting the said Port of London, and otherwise for carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Act: And Whereas the said Company were also empowered to contribute, raise, receive and apply certain Sums of Money, for carrying the Purposes of the said Act into Execution: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for ing into Execution an Act passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port London, by which the said London Dock Company were enabled to raise a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said recited Act, and the same hath been accordingly ‘ raised: And Whereas great Progress hath been made in executing the Works by the said first recited Act authorized and di-< vected to be made and constructed, and the principal Dock hath e been finished and is now in use; but the Whole of the said in-‘ tended Works cannot be completed according to the Intentions < and Directions of the said first recited Act, unless the said Company are authorized to raise a further additional Sum of Money <• for that Purpose: And Whereas it is necessary that the said o first mentioned Act should be altered and amended, and that < the Powers and Authorities given to the said Company should be further extended and enlarged for the Completion of the said Docks, and the more effectual carrying into Execution the Pur-< poses of the said first recited Act:’ May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by-and with the Advice and Consent

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. lviii.

283

sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said first recited Act as requires that the Two Yearly General Courts of the said Dock Company

should be held on the First Wednesday in the Month of, and on the First Wednesday in the Month of January respectively in each Year, shall 'be, and the same is hereby repealed; and from and after the passing of this Act the Yearly General Courts of the said Company may and shall be held, One thereof on any Day within the First Twenty Days of the Month of, and the

other thereof on any Day within the First Twenty Days of the Month of July, of which respective Meetings Seven Days’ Notice shall be given by Publication in the London Gazette, and Two daily Newspapers usually circulated in London, and by fixing up such Notice at the Royal Exchange, and in the Guildhall of the City of London.

II. And be it further enacted, That at any Time or Times within the further Term of Two Years, to be computed from the Expiration of the Term of Five Years given and limited by the said first mentioned Act, for the Purpose of completing the Purchases thereby authorized to be made, it shall be lawful for the Directors and Managers of the Concerns of the said Company, and they are hereby authorized to contract and agree, and to employ any Person or Persons to contract and agree with the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of, and to purchase from them, for the Purposes of the said first recited Act, all such Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, of what Nature or Kind soever, in or near the Parishes in the said first recited Act mentioned, or any of them within the Limits therein mentioned, as they shall judge necessary to purchase, employ, pull down, remove, alter or make use of, in and about the Works or Concerns of the said Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, Lighter Dock or Lighter Docks, Entrance or Entrances, Communications or Inlets, Cuts or Quays, or any of them, for the Purpose of making, enlarging or improving the same; and to use and exercise, during the said further Period of Two Years hereby granted, such and the same or the like Powers and Authorities for carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Act in relation to such Purchases as aforesaid, and to the obtaining, taking Possession of and using any such Houses, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, for the Purposes of the said recited Act, as by such Acts were given to the said Directors for such Purposes during the said Term of Five Years thereby limited as aforesaid; and all such Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, shall be in full Force and Effect for the Purposes of the said first recited Act and of this Act, in relation to the said Purchases, and the making thereof or agreeing1 to make the same, or obtaining, taking Possession of and using any such Houses, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, during such further Period of Two Years, as fully and beneficially, and in the same or the like Manner, in all respects, as if the said further Period of Two Years by this Act given had been given by the said first recited Act; any thing in the said recited Act or in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Part of First Act relating to Days of holding General Courts repealed, and other Days appointed.

Extension of the Time for making Purchases.

284

C. lviii.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Extension of the Time for completing the Docks.

39 & 40 G. 3;

c.xlvii.

44 G.3. C. 100. §11.

Extending the Power for making Compensation to the Vintners' Company.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall b6 lawful for the Directors and Managers of the Concerns of the said Company, by themselves or their Deputies, Agents, Workmen and Servants, within the further Term of Five Years, to be computed from the Expiration of the Term of Seven Years given and limited by the said first mentioned Act, to make and complete the said Docks, Basons, Entrances, Cuts, Quays and Wharfs, by the said recited Act authorized to be made; and also to erect and make such Warehouses and other Buildings within the Limits described in the said first recited Act as they shall think necessary, or shall judge to be proper and convenient to answer the Intent and Meaning of the said Act, and to use and exercise during the said Period of Five Years hereby granted, such and the same or the like Powers and Authorities for carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Act, in relation to the making, erecting and completing of all such Works as aforesaid, as by such Act were given to the said Directors for such Purposes during the said Term of Seven Years thereby limited as aforesaid; and all such Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, shall be in full Force and Effect for the Purposes of the said first recited Act and this Act in relation to the said Works, and the Completion thereof, during such further Period of Five Years, as fully and beneficially, and in the same or the like Manner in all respects as if the said enlarged Period by this Act had been given by the said recited Act, by way of Extension of the said Term of Seven Years thereby limited; any thing in the said Act. or in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And Whereas by the said first recited Act, and by another Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of His said present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for 'warehousing Goods within the Limits of certain Docks made under an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and .Fortieth Year of His present, intituled An Act

4 "for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Com~

merce and Revenue, within the Port of London, and to make Regulations relating to the said Docks f or by One of those Acts, Provision is made for making Compensation to the Vintners’ Porters of the City of London, and others who should by reason of any of the Works therein mentioned suffer Loss or Damage; but the said Provision does not in either of the said Acts extend to the Master, Wardens and Freemen, and Commonalty of the Mystery of Vintners of the City of London:

And Whereas the said Master, Wardens and Freemen, and Commonalty of the said Mystery may, by reason of the said Works,

suffer Loss or Damage Be it therefore enacted, That the Provisions in the said Acts, and each or either of them contained, for making Compensation to the said Vintners’ Porters and others, in respect of the Injury, Loss or Damage they may suffer or sustain by the aforesaid Works, shall and the same are hereby declared to extend to the said Master, Wardens and Freemen, and Commonalty of the Mystery of Vintners of the City of London, if any Injury, Loss or Damage shall be sustained by them by Means of the same Works, in regard to any of their Rights and Interests, or their yearly Receipts or Income being lessened or diminished,

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III.

C, lviii.

285

or rendered less valuable or beneficial in any respect whatsoever, as fully as if the said Master, Wardens and Freemen, and Commonalty had been mentioned and comprehended in the Provisions of the said Acts, or either of them, for making the Compensation therein expressed.

V. And be it further enacted, That for the better and more Authorizing the effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said first Compjmy^to^ recited Act, and for providing for the necessary Charges relating stock,

thereto, it shall be lawful for the said Company, at any Meeting or Meetings to be specially called for that Purpose, in the Manner directed by the said first recited Act, by such Ways and Means and upon such Terms as at such Meeting or Meetings so called shall be thought expedient and be directed, to augment the Capital Stock of the said Company by any further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole Five hundred thousand Pounds, in case such Meeting, or the Majority of Votes of the Proprietors present and entitled to vote thereat, shall declare it to be necessary and expedient so to augment the said Capital Stock; and that all such additional Capital Stock as shall be so raised shall be considered as Part of the General Stock of the said Company, and be under and subject to the same Provisions, Regulations,

Directions and Management, in all respects and to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been Part of the present Capital Stock of the said Company (except as to the Time or Times of making Calls for the said additional Capital Stock hereby authorized to be raised, and the Amount of such Calls, which Time and Times and the Amount of such Calls respectively shall from time to time be appointed by the Directors of the said Company, or any Thirteen or more of them): Provided always, that no more than Twenty five Pounds per Centum of such additional Sum or Sums shall be called for or appointed to be paid within One Calendar Month:Provided also, that all the Regulations, Provisions and Clauses contained in the said first recited Act, in relation to the Calls for the Sum of One million two hundred thousand Pounds therein mentioned, and to the Recovery thereof, or of any Arrears, and to the Forfeitures of any Sums advanced, by reason of any Neglect or Refusal to comply with such Calls, shall be applicable to the Calls for the said additional Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be required to be raised by way of additional Capital Stock as aforesaid, and the Refusal or Neglect to comply with such Calls last mentioned.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case Power for the the Majority of Proprietors present, and entitled to vote at any Company to such Meeting or Meetings as aforesaid, shall think it advisable borrow the to borrow the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds at In- interest*outlie terest, in Manner hereinafter mentioned, or shall deem it expedient Credit of the to raise only a Part of the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Rates, or by Pounds by Way of Augmentation of their Capital Stock, and to augmenting borrow the Remainder thereof at Interest, then and in either of their Stock* the said Cases it shall be lawful for the said Company to borrow and take up at Interest, on the Credit of the Rates and Duties by the said first recited Act granted to the said Company, any Sum or Sums of Money, so as the whole Sum to be raised under the

Authority

286

C. lviii.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Persons advancing the Money, to have the Option of being repaid in Money, or to have a proportionable Share of the Capital Stock of the said Company.

Securities of prior Dates not to be entitled to

Authority of this Act shall not exceed Five hundred thousand Pounds: And, in order to the raising of the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, the Directors of the said Company for the time being, or any Thirteen or more of them, shall and may, at the Costs and Charges of the said Company, assign over the Rates and Duties arising by virtue of the said first recited Act, or a competent Part thereof, and also charge and subject all the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments of or belonging to the said Company, or a competent Part thereof, as a Security for Repayment of any such Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed, together with Interest, to such Person or Persons, his, her or their Trustee or Trustees, Nominee or Nominees, Executors or Administrators; and all such Assignments and Securities shall be made and entered, and be transferable from time to time, in the same Manner, mutatis mutandis, and the same, and the Monies so to be borrowed, and the Interest thereof, shall be under and subject to such and the same Provisions, Regulations, Directions and Management, in all respects, as are in and by the said first recited Act prescribed and directed concerning the Assignments and Securities to be made and given for the Monies thereby authorized to be borrowed by the said Company, and concerning such last mentioned Monies, and the Interest thereof.

VII. Provided always, That it shall be lawful to insert in any Securities to be made as aforesaid, if the Majority of the said Company, or the Proprietors present, and entitled to vote at any such Meeting, shall think fit, an Agreement, by which a Right shall be given to the respective Persons who shall advance and lend the said Money, or any Part thereof, or to the Persons who for the time being shall be entitled thereto, to have an Option of having their several and respective Loans repaid in Money, or of being admitted to have such a Share of the Capital Stock of the said Company in lieu thereof, at such Time or Times, and upon such Terms and Conditions, as shall be agreed upon by the Directors of the said Company, or any Thirteen or more of them, under the Authority of such Meeting or Meetings of the said Company as aforesaid, on the One Part, and the Persons from whom such Monies shall be borrowed from time to time, on the other Part; so nevertheless, that the respective Shares of the said Capital Stock, and the Time or Times and the Terms and Conditions, to be agreed upon as aforesaid in relation to such Option, shall be expressed in the respective Securities for such Principal Monies, otherwise the Agreement or Agreements for such Option shall be void, and have no Effect.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent the borrowing all or any Part of the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds in the said first recited Act mentioned, in the Manner directed by the said Act, as well as the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds by this Act authorized to be raised or borrowed as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That none of such Assignments and Securities to be made by the said Directors, pursuant to this Act shall, on account of prior Date and Execution, be entitled to

21 any

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III.

C.lviii.

287

any Priority of Payment, or other Preference, before any other or others of such Securities of later Date, except the Preference which from time to time may be agreed to be given, in relation to the Option of converting Loans into Capital Stock under the Authority of this Act; and also except the Security hereby authorized to be given upon the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments as the said Company, or such Part thereof as aforesaid, in relation to the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be charged on the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or such Part thereof as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company, and they are hereby authorized and required, to pay the Interest of the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, or so much and such Part and Parts thereof as shall be raised by Way of Loan in Manner aforesaid (and whether with or without such Option as aforesaid) , to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, out of any Monies which shall from time to time be in the Hands or Power of the said Company, applicable to the Purposes of the said recited Act or of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Interest of the Money which shall be borrowed on Assignment or Mortgage as aforesaid, shall, from the Time the said Money, or any Part thereof, shall be advanced, be paid Half Yearly to the several Parties entitled thereto, in preference to any Interest or Dividend due and payable to the said Company, or any of them; and shall from time to time be fully paid and discharged, or provided for, before any Interest or Dividends due to the said Company, or any of them, shall be paid.

XII. And Whereas by the said first recited Act, Provision is

* made for preventing Tar and other combustible Matters from remaining on the said Quays or Wharfs, or upon the Deck of any Ship or other Vessel in the said Basons or Docks, Cuts or other Works, above the Space of Twelve Hours after passing

* the Custom House Officers: And Whereas it is expedient that such Provision should be repealed, and that more effectual Regulations for preventing the Mischiefs thereby intended to be provided against should be made Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said first mentioned Act as relates to the Removal of the said combustible Matters, and the Penalties for Noncompliance with the Directions of the said Act in that Behalf, shall be, and the same is and are hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Owners of or the Person or Persons in or to whose Custody or Charge any Tar, Pitch, Rosin, Hemp, Flax, Faggots, Furze, Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors, Turpentine, Oil, Hay, Straw, Tallow, Grease, Shavings of Wood or any other Combustible Matter whatsoever shall be or be entrusted, shall permit or suffer the same or any of them, or any Part thereof respectively, to be and remain on*the Quays or Wharfs aforesaid, or any Part thereof, or upon the Deck of any Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat or other Vessel in the said Basons or Docks, Cuts or other Works, or any of them, above the Space of Twelve Hours after he or they shall have been required by the Dock Master or Dock Masters to take away or

a Preference in Payment.

For paying the Interest of the Money to be borrowed.

Interest to be paid Half Yearly.

39 & 40 G.S. c.xlvii. c. 83.

Repealed.

For removing Combustibles.

remove

288

C. lviii.

* 5° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Obstructing the Dock Entrances.

[Penalty.]

44 G.3. c. 100.

e>.

remove the same therefrom, then and in every such Case every such Person so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices who shall take Cognizance thereof, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than the Sum of Twenty Shillings, for every Hour such Tar, Pitch, Rosin, Hemp, Flax, Faggots, Furze, Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors, Turpentine, Oil, Hay, Straw, Tallow, Grease, Shavings of Wood or any other combustible Matter, or any of them, or any Part thereof shall be or remain in the Place or Situation aforesaid after the Expiration of the said Twelve Hours, such Twelve Hours to be computed from the Time of such Requisition; and in every such Case the Owner or Owners of or other Person or Persons in or to whose Custody or Charge any such Tar, Pitch, Rosin, Hemp, Flax, Faggots, Furze, Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors, Turpentine, Oil, Hay, Straw, Tallow, Grease, Shavings of Wood or other combustible Matter shall be or be entrusted, if the same respectively shall be or be lying on the said Quays or Wharfs, or any of them, or the Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of the Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat or other Vessel, on the Deck of which the same respectively shall be or be lying, shall at their own Costs and Expences respectively maintain a sufficient Number of careful and sober Persons to be in that Behalf appointed by the said Dock Master or Dock Masters, to guard and watch over such several Articles, or other combustible Matters as aforesaid, from or after the making of such Requisition, until the same respectively shall be removed; and in case any such Owner, Master or other Person or Persons as aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to pay on Demand such Costs and Expences, then and in such Case such Costs and Expences shall and may be raised, levied and recovered, in like Manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture may be raised, levied and recovered by virtue of the said first recited Act.

XIV. And for the better making and preserving of a free and clear Entrance, Navigation and Passage into and out of the said Docks, Basons and Cuts Be it further enacted, That if any Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of any Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat or other Vessel of any Description whatsoever, shall place or permit, or suffer the same to remain in the River Thames, within Two hundred Yards of the Entrance of any of the said Docks, Basons or Cuts, and shall not immediately, on being thereunto required by the Dock Master or Dock Masters, remove such Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat or other Vessel, every such Master and other Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and also any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, for every Hour that such Obstruction shall remain after such Requisition made.

XV. And Whereas it is, in and by an Act made in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled < Act for 'warehousing Goods within the Limits of certain,

made under an Act passed in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act for making Wet 4 Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue within the Port of London, and to make Regidations relating to the said Docks f enacted, that if any Goods or Merchandize should be brought

into

A.D. 1805.

4.5° geo; hi.

C. lviii.

289

into the said Dock on board of any Ship or Vessel which should not be duly entered with the Customs and Excise respectively,

within Seven Days next after the Ship or Vessel importing the said Goods or Merchandize should have been reported at the Custom House, then and in every such Case it should be lawful for such Officer or Officers of the Company, as should be appointed for that Purpose by the Directors thereof, on the next ensuing Day, not being a Sunday, Christmas Day, or Good Friday,

or a Day appointed by His Majesty's Proclamation for the Purpose of a General Fast or Thanksgiving, to cause such Goods or Merchandize to be forthwith landed and warehoused in the Presence and under the joint Locks of the Officers of the Customs and Excise respectively, who are thereby authorized and directed to take a true and particular Account of the Quantity, Quality and Species thereof; and in case the Duties on such Goods and Merchandize should not be paid and discharged within Thirty Days next after such Report as aforesaid, it should be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs or the proper Officer of Excise, and they were thereby respectively authorized and empowered to sell and dispose of such Goods or Merchandize, or any Part thereof,

4 to answer and satisfy the Duties thereon, rendering the Overplus 4 (if any) of the Monies arising by the said Sale, after Payment of any Rates, Charges or Expences, due to the said Company, to the Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees, of such Goods or Merchandize Be it further enacted, That all such Goods landed Goods or Merchandize so landed and warehoused under the Pro- uyder the Provisions of the said last recited Act shall, when so landed and Ac°shalf warehoused, continue and be subject and liable to such and the gub'ectto a same Lien for Freight, in favour of the Master and Owner or Lien for Owners of the respective Ships or Vessels from or out of which Freight, such Goods or Merchandize shall be so landed and warehoused, as such Goods or Merchandizes respectively were subject and liable to whilst the same were on board such Ships or Vessels, and before the Landing thereof; and the Directors of the said Company, or their Servants or Agents, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized, empowered and required, upon due Notice in that Behalf given to them by such Master or Masters, or Owner or Owners, to detain and keep the said Goods and Merchandizes upon the Quays or Wharfs, or in the Warehouses of the said Company, until the respective Freights to which the same shall be subject and liable as aforesaid shall be duly paid or satisfied, together with the Rates and Charges to which the same shall have become subject and liable.

XVI. And Whereas a certain Piece or Parcel of Ground,

with the Buildings thereon, situate as hereinafter particularly described, would be convenient to be purchased by the said -4 don Dock Company, to be converted to the Uses and Purposes of the said Company; and it is expedient that the said Company should be enabled to make such Purchases from the Person or Persons interested in or entitled to the same, who are willing to sell their respective Estates and Interests therein to the said Company:’ Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Power to pur-said Directors and Managers of the Concerns of the said Company, chase Allen’s or any Thirteen or more of them, to contract and agree for the Brewhouse. 45 Geo. III. U Purchase,

290

C. lviii.

GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

Purchase, and to take a Conveyance or Conveyances of all that. Piece or Parcel of Land or Ground now or heretofore a Brewery, called Allen s Brewery, and all the Erections and Buildings thereon, situate and being in or adjoining unto a certain Lane called Nightingale Lane, in the several Parishes of Saint Mary

fellon, otherwise Whitechapel, Saint John of Wapping and Saint Botolphwithout Aldgate, or in some or One of them, in the

County of Middlesex, and now or late in the Occupation of Thomas Allen and Robert Allen, or One of them, their or One of their Undertenants or Assigns; and also that it shall be lawful for all Persons having, or who shall or majr have any Estate, Property or Interest in, or who are or shall be in the Occupation of the said Premises, and who are or shall be able and competent in Law to make such Conveyance or Conveyances respectively, to convey in due Form of Law their respective Estates and Interests therein, to the said Directors or any Thirteen or more of them, at or for such Price or Prices as shall be in that Behalf agreed upon.

Vesting the said

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Piece or Parcel Brewhouse, &c. of Ground, Brewery, Erections and Buildings hereby authorized whenso°nurany to Purc^ase^» shall, when and as soon as the same shall be w en so pur purchased by and conveyed to the said Directors, or any Thirteen or more of them, become and be vested, and the same shall, by force of this Act, be vested in the said London Dock Company and their Successors, for the Purposes of the said first herein recited Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations and Privileges, as to voting or former Acts ex- otherwise, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things tended to this contained in the said recited Act passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty (save and except such Parts thereof as are hereby varied, altered or repealed) shall extend and be construed to extend to this Act, and to the said Directors and others carrying this Act into Execution; and also to all Proprietors or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Corporations Aggregate or Sole, possessed of any Capital Stock advanced under any of the Provisions of this Act, or lending any Sums of Money to the said Company under this Act, their respective Executors, Administrators or Assigns; and also to the Transfer, Assignment or Forfeiture of any such Capital Stock, and to the Securities for any Money so lent; and also as to the prosecuting or defending any Actions or Suits in the Name of or against the Treasurer of the said Company; and shall operate and be in force as to all such additional Capital Stock or Money lent, and the Application of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were severally and particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and made Part thereof; and the said recited Act passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the said recited Act made in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution an Act made in the Fortieth Year His present Majesty for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port London, and this Act,

shall,

chased.

Powers and Privileges of

Act; and both Acts to be considered as One Act.

291

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. lviii — Ixi.

shall, as to all Matters and Things whatsoever, be construed as One Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors shall Expences of pay and discharge all the Costs and Charges of obtaining and this Acti passing this Act, with and out of any of the Monies already subscribed, or hereafter to be subscribed or borrowed, by and for the

Use of the said Company as aforesaid.

[Public Act.]

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice

of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

[Amended, 46 G.3. c. lix. — 47 G. 3. 2. c. v. — 49

c. clvi. — 50 G. 3. c. cli. — Further time allowed for completing Docks, 52 G. 3. c. cxiv. — 54 3. c.xi. — See G. 3.

[c. 111.]

Cap. lix.

An Act to empower the Justices of the Peace within the Division or Hundred of Salford, in the County Palatine of, to

raise a Sum of Money to be paid by Way of Salary to the Chairman of the Quarter Sessions of the said Hundred.

[27th June 1805.]] [The Chairman to he a Barrister, and the Salary 400/. a ]

Cap. lx.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors or Townships of Child-wall, Great Wooltonand Little Woolton, in the Parish of Child-wall, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, (q. P.)

[27th June 1805.]

Cap. Ixi.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty third Year of His late Majesty, for regulating the Proceedings in Personal Actions in the respective Courts Baron of the Hundred of High Peak, and Manor of Castleton, in the County of Derby; and for extending the Powers of the said Courts.

[27th June 1805.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty third Year of 33 G.2. c. 31. the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second,

intituled An Act for regulating the Proceedings Personal

* tions in the respective Courts Baron of the Hundred of High Peak and Manor of Castleton, in the County Derby: And Whereas the King’s most Excellent Majesty, in Right of His Duchy of Lancaster, is seised to Him, His Heirs and Successors, of and in the Hundred and Liberty of High Peak and Manor of Casile- ton, and of the Jurisdictions of the Two several Courts Baron

* within and appertaining to the said Hundred and Manor respectively: And Whereas from Time immemorial Plea hath been held every Three Weeks, or so often as requisite, in all Personal Actions arising within the Jurisdictions of the said several Courts Baron, where the Debt or Damage hath been under the Sum of Forty Shillings: And Whereas under the Powers and Directions

U 2 4 of

292

C. lxi.

A.D. 1805.

Powers of the Cou r ts extended to Debts under Five Pounds.

Courts not to determine any Cause where the Title to the Land is brought into question.

45° GEO. III.

of the said recited Act, Justice hath in the most strict and im-< partial Manner from time to time been administered in the said several Courts Baron, to the great Benefit of the Inhabitants within the Jurisdiction of the same respectively: And Whereas ‘ the Jurisdiction of the said Hundred and Manor is very exten- sive, and comprises a very populous manufacturing and increasing District in the County of Derby; and the Town of, where

the superior Courts for the County are holden, is upwards of Forty Miles distant from the most populous Part of the said Hundred and Manor: And Whereas on Account of the very great Expence attending the Recovery of small Debts of the Amount of Forty Shillings and upwards, in the superior Courts,

many Creditors are discouraged from attempting to recover the Debts due to them, and many evil disposed Persons, who have contracted such small Debts within the Jurisdiction of the said Hundred and Manor respectively, are enabled to refuse and delay, and do frequently refuse and delay the Payment thereof, to the manifest Injury of their just and lawful Creditors; and it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Inhabitants within the said Hundred and Manor respectively, if the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act were extended to the Recovery of Debts and Damages of a larger Amount than Forty Shillings, and also if the said Act were explained and amended and further Powers granted May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said several Courts Baron of the said Hundred of High Peak and Manor of Castleton respectively, and the Stewards and Deputy Stewards thereof for the time being, to proceed and hold Plea within the Jurisdiction of the said respective Courts, not only in any Plaint, Suit or Action, for any Debt or Damages not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings, but also in any Plaint, Suit or Action, for any Debt or Damages not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, which hath accrued, or shall or may at any time or times hereafter arise or accrue within the Jurisdiction of the same Courts respectively, and to proceed in every such Plaint, Suit or Action, in the same or the like Manner and Form, and with and under such or the like Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Orders and Directions as are authorized and directed, or have or might have been heretofore used or exercised in any Plaint, Suit or Action for any Debt or (Damages within the Jurisdiction of the said Courts respectively, not exceeding the §um of Forty Shillings.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in the said recited Act or in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to enable the said Courts, or either of them, to determine the Right or Title to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or real Estates whatsoever, or to judge, determine or decide on any Debt where the Title of the Freehold or Lease for Years of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Chattels real whatsoever shall be brought or come into Ques-

21 tion,

A.D. 1805.

15° GEO. III. C. lxi.

293

tion, or to judge, determine or decide on any Debt that shall arise by reason of any Cause concerning Testament or Matrimony, or any Thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Court.

III. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained Term of Impri-shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize (except in sonment lithe Cases hereinafter mentioned) the Imprisonment of any Person or Persons being a Debtor or Debtors, Defendant or Defendants, who shall be committed by the said respective Courts, or either of them, for any longer Space of Time from the Time of his, her or their Commitment to Prison, than is or are hereinafter limited; that is to say, Where the Debt, exclusive of Costs, does not exceed the Sum of Twenty Shillings, for more than Twenty Days; where the Debt does not exceed the Sum of Forty Shillings, for more than Forty Days; where the Debt does not exceed the Sum of Three Pounds, for more than Sixty Days; and where the Debt does not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, for more than One hundred Days:Provided also, that all and every Person and Persons who shall be taken in Execution under or by virtue of any Process issued from or out of the said Courts respectively, and who, at the Time of being taken into Custody, or during his, her or their Imprisonment, shall have more than One Execution against him, her or them in the same Court, shall be imprisoned the limited Time for and in respect of each Execution; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And, in order the more effectually to prevent Persons ‘ summoned for Debts to the said Courts, or either of them, from the fraudulent Concealment of their Money or Goods Be it further enacted, That in case upon the Summons of any Person Debtors found for any Debt or Debts before the said Courts or either of them, guilty of afrau-Information of any such Practice shall be given, such Court and ^onheir^" Courts shall have Power to hear Evidence as to such fraudulent Effects may be Concealment, and in case it shall be proved to their Satisfaction, imprisoned for a upon the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath longer Term, the said Court or Courts is and are hereby empowered to administer,) that any such Debtor has Money or Goods which he or she has wilfully and fraudulently concealed, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Courts, or either of them, to enlarge the aforesaid Time of Imprisonment for all Debts under Twenty Shillings to any Time not exceeding Thirty Days; and for Debts not exceeding Forty Shillings to any Time not exceeding Sixty Days; and for Debts not exceeding Three Pounds to any Time not exceeding Eighty Days; and for Debts not exceeding Five Pounds to any Time not exceeding One hundred and twenty Days, which said Circumstance or Ground for further Detention shall be specified on the said Commitment; and the Depositions of the Witnesses shall be entered in a Book kept for the Purpose by the Clerk of the said respective Courts.

V. And be it further enacted, That each and every ^Person im- Debtors not prisoned by virtue of the said recited Act or of this Act, shall, on liable to pay the Expiration of his or her Time of Imprisonment, be discharged Gao1 Fee3' and set at Liberty without paying any Sum or Sums of Money,

Fee or Fees, or other Reward or other Gratuity whatsoever, to

U 3 the.

294

c. ixi.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

the Keeper or Keepers, or Turnkey or Turnkeys of the said Gaol or others, by way ot Gaol Fees or Discharge Fees, or on any other Pretence whatsoever; and if any Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnkeys, of the said Gaol or any other Person whomsoever, shall demand, take or receive any Fee or Fees, Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, upon the Discharge of any such Person or Persons so committed to his or their Charge or Custody as aforesaid, or shall keep or detain any such Person or Persons a Prisoner or Prisoners after the Time by this Act limited for his, her or their Imprisonment, every such Keeper, Turnkey and other Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two Justices of the Peace for the said County of Derby to hear and determine every such Offence, and such Two Justices are hereby authorized and required upon any Information exhibited, or Complaint made before them of any such Offence having been committed, (in case such Information shall be exhibited or Complaint made within Three Calendar Months after the Offence committed,) to summon the Party accused, and also the Witnesses on each Side, and to examine into the Matter of Fact; and upon due Proof made thereof by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the voluntary Confession of the Party accused, to give Judgment or Sentence for such Penalty or Forfeiture aforesaid, and in case such Penalty or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, to issue a Warrant under their Hands and Seals for levying such Penalty and Forfeiture, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, rendering the Overplus (if any) , after deducting such Penalty and Forfeiture, and the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County of Derby, for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months, unless such Penalty and Forfeiture, and all Costs and Charges attending such Conviction, be sooner paid and discharged; and the Whole of such Penalty or Forfeiture, when paid or received, shall be paid to the Person or Persons informing or suing for the same.

Process not to

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to or issue against for the said Courts, or either of them, to issue any Process against both Body and the Body or Bodies of any Person or Persons, in any Case or Goods. Cases where the Party entitled to the Benefit of any Order, Judg-

ment or Decree shall at the same Time have obtained any Warrant or Process against the Goods and Chattels of the same Person or Persons.

Notice of Pro-

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be ceedings against commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in Officers. pursuance of this or of the said recited Act, or on Account of anyv

Order, Determination, Judgment or Decree of the said Courts respectively, until Fourteen Days’ Notice shall be given thereof in Writing, to be left at the Office of the Steward or Deputy Steward of the said respective Courts, nor after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties ag-Limitation of grieved, nor after Three Calendar Months next after the Cause of Actions. ' Action

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. Ixi — Ixiv.

295

Action shall arise; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall or may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence; and that the Warrant or Precept, under the respective Hands and Seals of the respective Stewards of the said Courts, or their respective Deputies, being duly proved in any Action or Suit, shall be deemed sufficient Proof of the Authority of the said Courts, and of all other Proceedings therein respectively, previously to the issuing of such Warrant or Precept; and in case the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Suit shall not duly prosecute the same, or shall have a Verdict pass against him, her or them, or shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit, the Defendant or Defendants shall in any of the said Cases be entitled to and be allowed to recover Treble Costs of Suit.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act of the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and all Powers, Provisoes, Clauses, Rules, Orders, Regulations, Restrictions, Matters and Things therein contained, (except such Parts thereof as are hereby expressly altered or otherwise provided for, or are inconsistent with the Powers and Provisions of this present Act,) shall continue and be in force, and shall relate and extend to the Purposes of this Act, so far as the same are applicable thereto, and shall be observed, exercised and performed in such and the same Manner as if they had been expressly mentioned and repeated in the Body of this present Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Gap. lxii.

An Act for improving the Passage between the Town of Liverpool and the County of Chester at the Rock, on the River Mersey, and for levying Tolls on Vessels using the same.

[27th June 1805.]

Cap. Ixiii.

An Act to authorize the Advancement of further Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for completing the Canal and other Works directed to be made by an Act, passed in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating the Port of London.

[27th June 1805.]

[60,000l. See47 G. 3. 2. xxxi.]

Cap. Ixiv.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Fourth and Fourteenth Years of His present Majesty, so so far as relates to the Road from the North End of the Town of Rotherham, to the East Side of Park, in the

County, of York. (b) [27th 1805.]

General Issue. Warrant or Precept of Court Evidence of their Authority.

Treble Costs.

Powers and Provisions of former Act not otherwise provided for, extended to this Act.

Public Act_

39 G. 3. c.lxix. aftd see 43 G.3. c.cxxiv.

4 G.3. c 14 G.3. c. 114.

296

C. lxv — lxxi.

4.5° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

6 G.3. c. 16. repealed.

S3 G.3. c. 80 *

34 G.3. c. 24.

35 G.3.

cc. 8*43. 85.

36 G.3. c. 25. 38 G. 3. c.xxxiii. 41 G.3. (U.K.) c.lxxi.

43 G.3. c.viii.

See former,

7 G.3. c. 51.

19 G.3. c. 5S.

Former Acts, 34 G.3. c. 90. 36 G.3. c. 44. 38 G.3. c.xviii,

See former,

33 G.3. c. 98.

Cap. lxv.

An Act to enable the Master, Pilots and Seamen of the Trinity House of Newcastle upon Tyne, to erect Two new Light Houses at North Shields, at or near the Port of, and to raise

a Fund for defraying the Charge thereof.

[27th June 1805.]

" Rates on British Vessels One Halfpenny Ton; on Foreign ii Vessels One Penny per Ton. § 9.

Cap. lxvi.

An Act for building a Chapel in the Hamlet of, in the

Parish of Tardebigg, in the Counties of Worcester and Warwick.

[27th June 1805.]

Cap. lxvii.

An Act for the more speedy and easy Recovery of Small Debts in the City of Bath, and the Liberties thereof, and in the several Parishes and Places therein mentioned, in the County of Somerset.

[27th June 1805.]

Cap. lxviii.

An Act for altering, amending and enlarging, the Powers of certain Acts, for making and maintaining the Grand Junction Canal.

[27th June 1805.]

[Company empowered to raise additional Rates of One Farthing per Ton per Mile; and to take certain Tolls for the Passage of Timber and Stores intended for the Use of Government. — See 43 G. 3. c. viii. and References there. — 51 G.3. c.clxix. — 52 G.3. cxl. — 58 3. xxi. —

Altered, , fyc. c. 59 G. 3. c. cxi.]

Cap. lxix.

An Act for the better Preservation, and further Improvement, of the Navigation of the River Lee, in the Counties of Hertford, Essex and Middlesex.

[27th June 1805.]

Cap. lxx.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Rennet and Avon Canal Navigation to complete the same, and for altering and enlarging the Powers of the several Acts passed for making the said Canal.

[27th June 1805.]

\_Company empowered to raise a further Sum of 200,000l.

See41 G.3. U.K. c.xxiii. and References there. —

49 G.3. c.cxxxviii. See53 G3. c.cxix.]

Cap. lxxi.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Leicestershire and Northamptonshire Union Canal to vary the Line of the said Canal, and to alter and amend the Powers of the Act passed for making the said Canal.

[27th June 1805.]

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. lxxii — latxvii.

297

Cap. lxxii.

An Act for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Levels of the Fens called Bedford Level, and certain Low Lands adjoining or near thereto, and to the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk; and for improving the Navigation of the said River from or near a Place calledEati Brink to the Harbour of Kings Lynn; and for improving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze.

[27th June 1805.] \_Tax of H. per Acre, 50G.S. cxxv. — and

povoers enlarged, 59 G. 3. c. lxxix.]

See former Acts,

35 G.3. c. 77.

36 G.3. c. 33.

Cap. lxxiii.

An Act for building a Bridge over that part of the River Rumney which divides the Parish of Rumney, in the County of Monmouth, and the Parish of Roath, in the County of Glamorgan.

[27th June 1805.] [Former Tolls repealed and to ones granted, 50 G. c. xlviii.]

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act for more effectually making, repairing and improving several Roads in the County of Glamorgan. (

[27 th June 1805.] [Former Acts, 4 G. 3. c. 88. and 25 122. repealed.~\

Cap. lxxv.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the 3 G. 3. c. 38. Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Third and Twenty fourth 24 G.3. c. 64. Years of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads leading from or near the North Side of the Town of Totnes, towards Ashburton, in the County of Devon, and for building a Bridge at or near a Place called Emmett, across the River Dart.

[27th June 1805.]

[Powers consolidated, 49 G.3. cxxxii.]

Cap. lxxvi.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers 4 G.3. c. 80. of Two Acts, passed in the Fourth and Twenty fourth Years of 24 sess.t. His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from c*34' Spalding High Bridge to the Market Place in Donington, and from the Tenth Mile Stone, in the Parish of to the

Eighth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Wigtoft in the County of Lincoln, (b) [27th June 1805.]

Cap. lxxvii.

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening and improving the Road from the Borough of Leicester to the Town of Lutterworth, in the County of Leicester, (c) [27th 1805.]

[Former Acts, 4 G. 3. c. S4. and 25 S. c. 113. repealed as to District under this Act.’ — See also c. xlix. of this Session.]

298

C. lxxviii — lxxxiii.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

30 G.2. c. 49. 23 G. 3. c. 107.

3G.fl. c. 45. 23 G.3. c. 101

3.5 G.3. c.

(I.)

Cap. lxxviii.

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening and improving the Road from Welford Bridge, in the County of to MilstonLane, in the Town of Leicester. (

[27th June 1805.] [Former Acts, 5 G. 3. c. 78. 26 G. 3. c. 148.]

Cap. ixxix.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of His late Majesty, and in the Twenty third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from MarlijieldTurnpike to the Road leading from Loughborough to Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, (b)

[27th June 1805.]

Cap. lxxx.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Third and Twenty third Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Lawton, in the County of Chester, to Burslem and Newcastle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford, and other Roads therein mentioned, (b)

[27 th 1805.] [Continued for 21 Years, G. 3. c. xix.]

Cap. lxxxi.

An Act to enable the Trustees of the Will of the Most Noble Francis late Duke of Bridgewater, to make Grants in Fee, or for Years, at reserved Rents, of certain Parts of his Trust Estates, lying near or adjoining his Canal in the Counties of Lancaster and Chester, for the Purpose of having Buildings erected thereon, and otherwise improving the same. (q. P.) [27th June 1805.]

Cap. lxxxii.

An Act for effectuating an Exchange between the Chancellor, Masters and Scholars of the University of Oxford and the Right Honourable Jacob Earl of Radnor, (q. P.)

[27th June 1805.]

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Act for vesting in new Trustees the Real Estates in Ireland, of the Right Honourable Walter Earl of Ormonde and Ossory, which have not been sold or disposed of, under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed by the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Sale of competent Parts of the Real Estates of the Right Honourable John Earl of Ormonde, and the Honourable Walter Butler, commonly called Lord Viscount Thurles, his eldest Son and Heir Apparent, for the Payment of Debts, Charges and Incumbrances affecting the same; and for settling such Part and Parts thereof as shall not be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, and for other Purposes, (q. P.)

[27th June 1805.]

[Vested in New Trustees, 48 G. 3. c. xciii.]

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. lxxxiv — lxxxix.

299

Cap. lxxxiv.

An Act to vest the settled Estates of Hamilton,

commonly called Lord Kirkwall, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint, in Trustees, in Trust to be sold for the Payment of Debts affecting the same, and his other settled Estates; and after Payment thereof, for the Investment of the Residue of the Monies to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates to be conveyed to the Uses of the said settled Estates, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, (q. P.)

[27th June 1805.] [Altered and amended, 50 . 3. c. cxxxviii.]

Cap. lxxxv.

An Act for effecting the Sale or Exchange of certain Real Estates and Hereditaments late of George Samuel Lord Viscount Montague deceased; and laying out the Money thence arising in the Purchase of other Real Estates, (q. P.) [27th June 1805.]

Cap. lxxxvi.

An Act for enabling the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury to grant a Building Lease of certain Lands in the county of , for

the Term of Ninety nine Years, to William Glutton and Robert Boxall, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose. (q. P.) [27th June 1805.]

Cap. lxxxvii.

An Act for effectuating an Exchange between Edmund Waller and James Dupre Esquires; and also an Exchange between the said

Edmund Waller and the Trustees of his settled Estate; and also for vesting Part of the settled Estate of the said Edmund Waller in Trustees to be sold, and for laying out the clear Surplus of the Purchase Monies, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, and for other Purposes, (q. P.) [27th June 1805.]

Cap. lxxxviii.

An Act for vesting the devised Estates of John Ferryman Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Purchase Money in Discharge of Incumbrances; and for laying out the Residue, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, and until such Purchase be made for laying out such Residue in the Purchase of Three per Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities, (q. P.) [27th June 1805.]

Cap. lxxxix.

An Act for authorizing the Trustees named in the "Will of Jane Catherine Keate, Widow, to sell the Messuages and Tenements in Spital Fields, in the county of , thereby devised,

and for investing the clear Purchase Monies, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in other Estates, to be settled

in

300

C. lxxxix — xcvi.

45° GEO. III. A.D. ] 805 *

1 G.S. 22 G.Z

in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, and also for authorizing the granting of Building and Repairing Leases until Sale. (q. P.)

[27 th 1805.]

Cap. xc.

An Act for vesting the Mansion House and Land, called Ealing Grove, in the County of Middlesex (Part of the Estates devised by the Will of James Baillie Esquire) , in Trustees upon Trust to sell the same, under the Directions of the Court of Chancery, and to apply the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Hereditaments* to be settled to the Uses of the Will of the said James Baillie. (q. P.) [2?th June 1805.]

Cap. xci.

An Act for dividing, and selling or disposing of, the Common Lands and Waste Grounds in the Manor, Barony, Town and Township of Stockport, in the County Palatine of Chester, and for applying the Money to arise thereby for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Town. (q. P.) [27th 1805.]

* [After the usual Words of the Quasi Public Clause are added the Words, " without being specially plea

Cap. xcii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Canforcl, in the County of Dorset, and in the Town and County of the Town of Poole, (q. P.) [27th June 1805.]

Cap. xciii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Swallow, in the County of Lincoln.(q. P.) [27th 1805.]

[And for making Compensation for

Cap. xciv.

An Act for paving, and otherwise improving, the Streets and other Places in the Township of Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of York; and for licensing Hackney Coaches, and establishing other Regulations in the said Township.

[2d July 1805.]

Cap. xcv.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts passed in the First and Twenty second Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Whitecross, in the Parish of Levenin Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Beverley in the said County, (b)

[2d July 1805.]

Cap. xcvi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Leek, in the County of Stafford, (q. P.) [2d July 1805.]

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C.xcvii — ciii. 501

Cap. xcvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hampton,

in the County of Warwick.(q. P.)* [2d July 1805.]

* {This Clause has the like Addition as is noticed Cap. xci.

— See 54 G. 3. c. 70.

Cap. xcviii.

An Act to repeal Two Acts, passed in the Sixth and Thirty eG-2. c. 29. second Years of His late Majesty, for the Regulation of Lastage S2 G.3. c. 16. and Ballastage in the River Thames; and to make more effectual Regulations relating thereto.

[10th July 1805.]

[Term continued, and Act amended y 8)'C. 49 G. 3. c. civ. — and 1 $2 G.4. c. cxxiii. — Continued for 21 Years 3 G. 4.

c. cxi.]

Cap. xcix.

An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Forty fourth Year of His 44 G.3. c.xlvii, present Majesty, intituled An Act for better, maintaining and employing the Poor of the Parish of Saint Pan eras, the County of Middlesex; for providing a new Workhouse the Use of the solid Parish; for appointing Collectors of the Rates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for making more effectual Provision for those and other Purposes.

[10th 1805.]

[Repealed, 59 G.3. c.xxxix.]

Cap. c.

An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of All, in the

Town of Lewes, in the County of Sussexy and for repairing the Tower thereof.

[10th 1805.]

" Till the New Church is erected Banns may be published in the Ci Parish Church of Saint Thomas in the, which shall be as " valid as if published in All Saints Church. § 17.

Cap. ci.

An Act for improving and rendering more commodious the Port of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk.

[10th 1805.]

[See 1 Sf 2 G.4. c. lxxvi.]

Cap. cii.

An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing or rebuilding the Pier adjoining to the Harbour of Broadstairs, in the Isle of, in

the County of Kent.

[10th July 1805.]

{Rates under 32 G.3. c. 86. repealed, and other Rates im-

posed!]

Cap. ciii.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty second S2 G. 3. c. 104. Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the building a Gaol and House of Correction for the Town and County Borough of Carmarthen, and for watching and supplying the said Town

with

302

C. ciii — cix.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

See former Acts, 33 G. 3. c. 97.

37 G.3. c. 54.

23 G.3. c. 104.

with Water, and for granting further Powers for those and other Purposes relating thereto.

[10th 1805.]

Cap. civ.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Gloucester and Berkeley Canal to vary and alter the Line of a certain Part of the said Canal; and to enable the said Company to raise a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution the several Acts for making the said Canal.

[10th July 1805.]

[See 58 G. 3. c. xvii. — Amended, 3 4. c. liii.]

Cap. cv.

An Act for draining and improving certain Low Grounds and Carrs, within the Parishes, Townships and Places of, Brayton, Thorp, Willoughby, HWistoiv, Park,

Caxvood, Sherburn, Lennerton, Rest Park, South and

Baidston Ash, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[10th July 1805.]

Cap. cvi.

An Act to repeal several Acts, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, for regulating the Baking Trade in the City and County of Dublin and Liberties thereof; and for better regulating the said Trade; and for preventing Frauds in the buying and selling of Corn.

[10th Jidy 1805.]

[1 G.2. c. 10. — 29 G.2. c. 11. — 19 G. 3. c. 17. — 13 &

14 G. 3. c. 47. — 17 & 18 G. 3. c. 17. — 15 & 16 3. c. 22.

— 19 &20 G.3. c. 21. — 21 & 22 3. c. 29.-33 3. c. 24.

repealed.']

Cap. cvii.

An Act for making and keeping in Repair a Carriage Road, to branch out of the Sheffield and Peniston Turnpike Road in the Township of Wadsley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join the Doncaster and Salter's Brook Turnpike Road in the Township of Langset, in the said West Riding, (a)

[10th July 1805.]

Cap. cviii.

An Act for erecting Toll Bars and levying Toll Duties on the Road from Dunfermline to Nivingstone, in the Counties of

and Kinross, and for making a new Turnpike Road from Saline towards the North Queensferry Road, in the said County of Fife, (b) ' [10th 1805.]

[Repealed, 50 G. 3. c. lxxii.]

Cap. cix.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and elarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty third Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road leading from the Passage or Ferry over the River Severn atto a Place called

Saint White’s, adjoining the Forest of Dean, in the County of Gloucester. (b) [10th Jidy 1805.]

A.D. 1805. 45° GEO. III. C. cx — cxiv.

303

Cap. cx.

An Act for confirming certain Building Leases granted by the Right Honourable Charles Earl deceased, and the Pre-

bendary of the Prebend of Cantloin the Cathedral Church of Saint Paid, in London, and by the Right Honourable John

Jeffreys, now Earl Camden, and the said Prebendary; and for

enabling the said John Jeffreys Earl Camden and others, with the Consent of the Prebendary, to grant similar Leases in future of the Prebendal Lands of Kentish Town, in the County of Middlesex, and for rectifying a Mistake in the present Earl’s Marriage Settlement relating to those Lands, (q. P.)

[10th 1805.]

\_See 53 G. c. xlix.]

Cap. cxi.

An Act to establish and confirm an Exchange made by and between the Rector of the Parish Church of Wimborne Saint Giles and Alhallows, in the County of Dorset, and the Right Honour-

able Anthony Ashley Earl of Shaftesbury, of Part of his Glebe Lands, and other Lands held and enjoyed with the said Rectory, for other Lands there, the Property of the said Earl, which are more conveniently situated for the said Rector and his Successors. (q. P.) [10th 1805.]

Cap. cxii.

An Act for vesting certain Estates, late belonging to, and devised by the Will of Sir Joseph Mawbey Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Monies arising from the Sale thereof in the Discharge of Incumbrances and Debts, and for laying out the Surplus in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. (q. P.) [10th July 1805.]

Cap. cxiii.

An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty 35 G. 3. c. 83. fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act pr. for enabling the Lord Bishop of London to grant a Lease, with Powers of Renewal, of Lands in the Parish of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, for the Purpose of building upon.

(q. P.) (10th 1805.]

[Altered, 48 G. 3. c. cxiii.]

Cap. cxiv.

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Sir Regard Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, with the Approbation of the High Court of Chancery, and for applying Part of the Purchase Monies in paying off Incumbrances on such Estates, and in reimbursing to him the Sums required by the Commissioners acting in the Execution of several Acts for inclosing and draining such Estates, and for laying out the Residue of the Purchase Monies in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the former Uses. (q. P.) [10th July 1805.]

304?

C. cxv — cxix.

45° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

cxv.

An Act for confirming certain Building Leases of Lands in Walworth, in the Parish of Saint Mary Newington, in the County of Surrey, granted by the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury, jointly with their Lessees, Henry Fenton Esquire, and Samuel Brandon and Thomas Brandon Esquires, contrary to the Pro-14 G.3-C. 43. visions of an Act made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of

Pr' His present Majesty, and for establishing Exchanges of Three

small Pieces of Freehold and Leasehold Lands between the said Dean and Chapter and the said Samuel Brandon, and the Trustees under the Will of the' said Thomas Brandon, deceased; and for empowering the said Dean and Chapter, and their Lessees for the time being of their Estates in Walworth, to grant Building Leases of Parts of the said Premises, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned, (q* P.) [10th July 1805.]

cxvi.

An Act for confirming and establishing the Award and Decree made and passed on the Division and Inclosure of Lands in the Township of Huttons Arnbo, in the North Riding of the County of Yorh (q. P.) [10th July 1805.]

Cap. cxvii.

An Act for making and maintaining an Archway or Archways under the River Thames from the Parish of Saint Mary Rother-hithe, in the County of Surrey, to the opposite Side of the said River in the County of Middlesex.

[12th July 1805.]

Cap. cxviii.

An Act to alter, amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty, for the better Government and Regulation of the Poor in the Town and Parish of Maidstone, in the County of Kent.

[12th July 1805.] [See 20 G. 3. c. 22.]

Cap. cxix.

An Act for supplying the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Giles Camberwell, and Parts of the Parish of Saint Lambeth,

and several other Parishes and Places in the County of Surrey, with Water.

[12th July 1805.]

. [See 53 G.3. c. civ.]

THE

STATUTES AT LARGE.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Britanniarum Regis, Quadragesimo sexto.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the 4 /-\ Sixteenth Day of November, Anno Domini One thousand eight hundred and two, in the Forty third Year of the

4 Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, 4 King, Defender of the Faith; and from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the Twenty first Day of One

thousand eight hundred and six; being the fourth Session of the Second Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP. I.

An Act to empower the Auditor of the Exchequer to constitute a Trustee for the Execution of the said Office in the Case therein mentioned.

[7th February 1806.]!

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer and Writer of the Tallies thereof should, if appointed by His Majesty to the Office of Lord High Treasurer, or One of the Commissioners of the Treasury, be enabled to accept and hold the said Office of Lord High Treasurer or One of the Commissioners of the Treasury without incurring any Forfeiture of his said Office of Auditor, and that for that Purpose, and in that Case he should be empowered to nominate and constitute a Trustee for executing his said Office of Auditor and Writer of the Tallies for so long a Time as he should himself continue to hold the Office of Lord High Treasurer or One of the Commissioners of the Treasury Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, Auditor of the whenever His Majesty shall think fit to appoint any Person enjoy- Exchequer ing the Office of Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer and appointed Writer of the Tallies thereof, to hold, enjoy and execute the Of- Treasury, shall fice of Lord High Treasurer or One of the Commissioners of the by Deed, ap-’Treasury, such Auditor so appointed to hold, enjoy and execute point a Trustee the Office of Lord High Treasurer or One of the Commissioners of to execute the the Treasury, shall be empowered, and he is hereby authorized and of« directed, as soon as may be after the Acceptance of the said last u tor, &c* mentioned Office, to nominate and constitute, by Deed or Instru-46 Geo. III. X ment

306

C. 1, 2.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Trustee being approved by Chancellor of the Exchequer to take the Oaths of Office, &c.

Duration of Trust, &c.

Acceptance of such Trusteeship not to vacate Seat in Parliament.

EXP.

ment under his Hand and Seal, some fit and sufficient Person to hold and execute in Trust for him the said Auditor the said Office of Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer and of Writer of the Tallies thereof, and for him, and in his Name, and for his Benefit, to receive such Emoluments and Salary thereto appertaining as might lawfully be received by the said Auditor; and the said Trustee is hereby authorized and directed to execute and perform all Manner of Things that to the said Office of Auditor of the Receipt and Writer of the Tallies do or ought to appertain, in as full a Manner as he the said Auditor might or ought to do, and subject to the same Controul, Direction and Responsibility, according to the Law, Usage, Course or Constitution of the Exchequer, as the said Auditor; and all and every Act or Proceeding of the said Trustee in the Execution of the said Office, subject to such Controul, Direction and Responsibility as aforesaid, shall be as good, valid and legal, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if they had been the Acts and Proceedings of the said Auditor.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Trustee so appointed as aforesaid shall, before he enters upon the Execution of the said Trust, be presented together with the said Appointment or Instrument to the Chancellor of the Exchequer for the time being for his Approbation, and upon being approved of by the said Chancellor of the Exchequer shall take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and also an Oath well and truly to execute the said Trust, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and according to the Laws, Usage, Course and Constitution of the Exchequer; which Oaths aforesaid the said Chancellor of the Exchequer in such Case is hereby empowered and directed to administer to him; Provided always, that the said Deed of Trust shall be and continue in force for so long as the said Auditor shall continue to hold and enjoy the Office of Lord High Treasurer or One of the Commissioners of the Treasury, and no longer; and that, upon the Death, Resignation, or other legal Avoidance of such Trustee, it shall and may be lawful for the said Auditor to appoint another Trustee for the same Purpose, in like Manner, and with the same Powers and Authorities, and subject to the same Obligations and Duties, as is and are hereinbefore specified, given and directed.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, that the Acceptance of the said Office of Trustee shall not vacate the Seat of any Member returned to serve in Parliament.

CAP. II.

An Act for continuing (a) and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt in Gi'eat B, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and six.

[12th February 1806.] (a) [Until June 24, 1807.]

A.D. 1806.

C. 3 — 8.

307

46° GEO. III.

CAP. III.

An Act for continuing (a) and granting to His Majesty a Duty EXP. on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates, in England; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco and Snuffi in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and six.

[12th February 1806.]

[a) [Until March 25, 1807.]

CAP. XV.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Lady Viscountess Nelson, in Consideration of the eminent Services performed by the late Vice Admiral Lord Viscount Nelson to His Majesty and the Public.

[28th February 1806.] [2000l. Feec. 146. posti]

CAP. V.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Rear Admiral Sir Richard Strachan Baronet, in Consideration of the eminent Services which he has rendered to His Majesty and the Public.

[28th February 1806.]

[1000l.]

CAP. VI.

An Act for raising the Sum of Five Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, foi* the Service of Great, for the

Year One thousand eight hundred and six.

[28 th February 1806.]

CAP. VII.

An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as EXP. have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and for extending the Times limited for those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and six; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attorn ies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand eight hundred and six.

[22d March 1806.]

CAP. VIII.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine EXP. Forces while on Shore.

[22d March 1806.]

308

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

C. 9.

Vessels not provided with the full Complement of Men at the Port of Clearance, may proceed to certain Ports and complete them, who may be landed on their Return.

Certificates of Men taken on board and landed, and Oath that Men proceeded on the Fishery, required to entitle the Vessel to Bounty.

CAP. IX.

An Act for allowing, until the Signature of Preliminary Articles of Peace, Vessels employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery to complete their full Number of Men at certain Ports.

[22d March 1806.]

WHEREAS it may be difficult, in the present Circum-‘ stances, for the Masters or Owners of Ships employed ‘ in the Fishery carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's

* Streights, by virtue of certain Acts (a) for granting Bounties for the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries and for

making Regulations respecting the same, to be provided with ‘ their full Complement of Men at the Ports from which such Ships are fitted and cleared out for the said Fishery For Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for any Ship or Vessel, which is not provided with the full Complement of Men pursuant to the Directions of the said Acts, at the Port from which such Ship or Vessel shall be fitted and cleared out, to proceed from thence to any of the Ports in the Forth of Clyde, or in Lough Ryan, or to Lervoick in the Isle of Shetland

or Kirkvoall in the Orkneys, and complete the Number of Men

there; provided the Number wanted doth not exceed Three Common Men for every Fifty Tons Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, but not otherwise; and upon the Return of such Ship or Vessel from the said Fishery, such Men may be landed and set on Shore at any of the Ports in the Forth of, or in Lough Ryan, or at Lervoick or Kirkvoall aforesaid; and upon the Master or Owners of such Ship or Vessel producing to the proper Officer of the Customs at the Port of his Arrival in Great Britain, a Certificate under the Hand of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at any of the Ports aforesaid, as the Case may be, (which Certificate they are hereby enjoined and required to give to the Master of such Ship or Vessel,) certifying the Number and the Names of the Men so taken on board such Ship or Vessel at any of the said Ports, and the Number and Names of the Men that were landed and set on Shore there respectively, upon the Return of such Ship or Vessel from the Fishery; and upon the Master and Mate of such Ship or Vessel making Oath before the Collector and Comptroller at the Port of their Arrival in Great Britain, that the Men so taken on board as aforesaid, proceeded from thence on the said Fishery, and continued on board during the Time such Ship or Vessel was employed in that Business, the Master or Owners of such Ship or Vessel shall be entitled to the Bounty granted by the said Acts, in the same Manner as they would have been entitled thereto in case the full Complement of Men had been taken on board at the Port from whence such Ship or Vessel was fitted and cleared out, and had returned on board such Ship or Vessel to such Port in Great Britain, provided all the other Regulations and la) [26 G. 3. c. 41. — 29 G.3. c. 53. §2. 7.-32 G.3. c. 22. — 42 G.3. c. 22. — 44 G.3. c. 35. § 3.]

Restrictions

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 9, 10, 11.

309

Restrictions required and directed by the said Acts have been duly complied with and performed; any thing in the said Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in Force until the Signature of Preliminary Articles of Peace.

[Revived and continued, until 25 March 1820. — 55 G. 3. c. 39. —

Continued until 31 December 1824. — 3 G. 4. c. 104.

CAP. X.

An Act for further continuing until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great, and for allowing

other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof.

[22d March 1806.]

[See47 G. 3. sess. 1. c, 29; but no further Continuation

pears.]

CAP. XI.

An Act for allowing the Exportation of Com and other Articles for the Use of His Majesty's Forces and Garrisons.

[22d March 1806.]

* T"1 WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His

VV present Majesty's Reign, intituled Act to exp

* amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to regulate

i the Importation and Exportation of and the Bounties and

* Duties payable thereon, it is amongst other things enacted, that (no Corn, Grain, Malt or Flour, shall, after the Commencement

‘ of that Act, be allowed to be exported from any District of

* Great Britain, or be loaded on board any Ship, Vessel or Boat,

* in order to be exported, when the Prices of such Corn or Grain respectively in such District, ascertained in Manner therein men *

tioned, shall have been in the preceding Week at or above the import Rates Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That nothing in the said Act contained shall be construed to prevent the carrying Coastwise, or carrying out or exporting the several Sorts of Corn and other Articles aforesaid, for victualling or providing any of His Majesty's Forces, Forts or Garrisons; or for any of the Purposes mentioned in an Act passed in the Thirty first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn

imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported; or in an Act, passed in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend an, made in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the

X 3 4 Bounty

[Continuance of Act.]

EXP.

45 G. 3. c. 86.

§ 2. shall not prevent the carrying Coastwise or exporting Corn, &c. for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, &c. or for the Purposes mentioned in 31G. 3. c. 30. and 33 G. 3. c. 65. although prohibited from being otherwise, exported by

310

C. 11 — 14.

4-6° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

reason of the Price.

EXP.

‘ Bounty xni British Corn exported; in the like Manner, and in

the same Proportions and Quantities, and from and to the same Ports and Places as is by the said Two last mentioned Acts allowed, at such Times as any of the several Sorts of Corn or other Articles therein mentioned are prohibited to be exported by reason of the Price of any such Sort of Corn being at or above the Price at or above which the Exportation of such Corn or other Articles is prohibited; subject to the like Securities, Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, Forfeitures and Penalties, as are by the said Two last mentioned Acts, or by any other Act now in Force, in such Case required and imposed, as if the said first mentioned Act had never been made.

CAP. XII.

An Act to continue several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties, on Goods, Wares and Merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland; and for granting a Duty upon Malt and Spirits made and distilled in until the

Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and six; and for granting certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven.

[22d 1806.]

" 45 G. 3. c. 18. c. 22. and c. 107. recited and continued till "29 Sept. 1806. — §1. [See c. 120. .] 45 G. 3. c. 19. recited

" and continued till March 25, 1807. — § 2. Duties shall be carried " to Irish Consolidated Fund. § 3. Act may be altered this

" Session. § 4.

[Amended, 48 G. 3. c. 80. contin47 G. 3. 2. c. 1. and, last by 51 G. 3. c. 86; but no further Continuation .]

CAP. XIII.

An Act for settling and securing certain Annuities on

Lord Collingwood, and the several other Persons therein

described (a) , in Consideration of the signal and important Service performed by the said Cuthbert Lord to His Majesty and the Public.

[22d March 1806.]

(a) [Annuity of 20001, to Lord Collingwood and his Two next succeeding Heirs Male. — In case of Lord Collingwood'’$ Death without leaving Issue, Annuity of 1000l. to

Lady Collingwood for her Life; o/TOOOO/.

his Daughter or Daughtersfor Ltfe.~\

CAP. XIV.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, and to amend several Acts for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from .[22d March 1806.]

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 15, 16, 17 *

311

CAP. XV.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the EXP. better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, within the United Kingdom, and the Islands of,

Alderney, SarJc and Man.

[22d March 1806.]

[Until26 May 1806, see cc. 48. 66. post.']

CAP. XVI.

An Act to continue until the First Day of One thousand EXP. eight hundred and seven, and amend an Act passed in the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce and Navigation, between His Majesty, and the United States of America.

[22d March 1806.]

[See 47 G.3. sess.2. c. 3; but no further Continuation appears.]

CAP. XVII.

An Act to permit, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, the Exportation to the United Kingdom, of Wool from the British Plantations in America.

[22d March 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Exportation of Wool,

being the Product of any of the British Plantations in America, from any of the said Plantations in America to the

4 United Kingdom, should be excepted from the Prohibition of an Act passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of io& n W.3.

4 His Majesty King William the Third, intituled An Act to prevent c. 10. § 19.

the Exportation of Wool out of the Kingdoms of Ireland and England into Foreign Parts, and for the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures in the Kingdom England; ’ Be it there-

fore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Wool may be Act, it shall and may be lawful to export, from any Place or Parts exported from, within any of the British Plantations in, to the United American

Kingdom, any W09I being of the Product of any of the said British Plantations; any thing in the said Act to the contrary m 0 notwithstanding.

II. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners of the Customs Accounts of

in England and Scotland respectively, and the Commissioners of Wool imported the Revenue in Ireland, shall and are hereby required to direct made up to 5th Accounts to be made up on the Fifth Day of in every January yearly

Year, of all Wool imported in pursuance of this Act, distinguishing

the Quantities and the Ports from whence any such Wool shall have been so imported.

III. And be it enacted, That this Act shall continue in force Continuance of until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred Act,

and nine, and no longer.

[Revived and continued untill'stf July 1823. — 59 3. c. 14.]

C. 18 — 22.

W GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

12

45 G.3. c. 83.

EXP.

EXP.

59 & 40 G.3. c. 44.

EXP.

EXP.

EXP.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, the Operation of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to suspend Proceedings in Actions, Prosecutions and Proceedings, under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture, and also under an Act of Queen Elizabet, so far as the same relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture.

[22d March 1806.]

fContinued, 47 G.3. sess» 2. c. 43; but no further Continuation

appears.]

CAP. XIX.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six.

[22d March 1806.]

CAP. XX.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, and amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of, dis-

embodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament.

[22d March 1806.]

CAP. XXI.

An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied.

[22d March 1806.] (Until25th March 1807.]

CAP. XXII.

An Act for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland j for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during the Peace.

[22d March 1806.]

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

for

A.D. 1806. 46° GEO. III. C. 23 — 28.

for enabling Subjects of Foreign States to enlist as Soldiers in His Majesty's Service; and to indemnify those who have advised His Majesty to land such Soldiers in this Kingdom.

[22d March 1806.]

[See 52 G. 3. c. 151. § 3. — 55 3. cc. 85.126; but no further

Continuation appears.']

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for farther continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, an Act made in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.

[22d March 1806.] [Further continued until 25th 1809. — 48 3. c. 25.]

but no further Continuation appears.]

CAP. XXV.

An Act for raising the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six.

[31st March 1806.]

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six.

[31st March 1806.]

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, so much of an Act made in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of His late Majesty (a) as relates to the landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before Payment of the Duties of Excise.

[31 st 1806.]

(a) [15 G. 2. c. 25. (last continued 39 & 40 G. 3. 45. §7.)

further continued. See 52 G.3. 142. §2; no further Continuation appears.]

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, several Laws relating to the Transportation of Felons and other Offenders (a) , to temporary Places of Confinement in England and Scotland.

[31st 1806.]

(a) [And to the authorising the Removal of .]

313

EXP.

33 G. 3. c. 74.

EXP.

EXP.

C. 29.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

314

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for reviving and continuing several Laws of Customs relating to the establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland; and to the prohibiting the Exportation from and permitting the Importation to Great Britain, of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine; and for continuing several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported from Great, and taking off

the Duties on Importation into Great Britain of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; to the granting a Bounty upon the Importation into Great Britain of Hemp, and rough and undressed Flax, from His Majesty's Colonies in America; and to the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries; and for reviving and continuing several Laws relating to the regulating the Prices at which Corn and Grain may be exported from to,

and from Ireland to Great Britain; and to the Admission to Entry in Great Britain of Oil and Blubber of Newfoundland, taken by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on the Fishery from and residing in the said Island; and for continuing an Act of the Twenty third Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; and for reviving and continuing several Laws relating to the permitting the Importation into Great Britain of Hides and other Articles in Foreign Ships; and to the prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, or other Provisions, and to the permitting the Importation into Ireland of Corn, Fish and Provisions, without Payment of Duty; until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight; and for reviving and continuing an Act passed in the Parliament of, in

the Twenty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of the Flaxen and Hempen Manufactures of Ireland, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty seven; and for amending and further continuing an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for the free Importation into Great Britain of Cochineal and Indigo, until the Twenty fifth Day of March' One thousand eight hundred and nine.

[2d April 1806.]

{Expired except as to § 5.]

« 26 Gr. 3. c. 41. for the Encouragement of the Greenland Fisheries, " and so much of 29 G.3. c. 53. as relates to the Greenland

14s " Fisheries

A.D. 1806. 46° GEO. III. C. 29 — 34.

" Fisheries (last continued by 44 3. 35.) further continued

" till March25, 1808. — § 5.

[Further continued by various Acts, and last amended and continued until 31 st December 1823, — 1 4. 33.]

" Y G.2. c. 18. respecting the Importation of Cochineal and 11 Indigo, further continued till March 25, 1809. — Such Cochineal, " &c. subject to the Duties now payable; and if from Countries " within the Limits of the East India Company’s Charter, under " their Licence. § 12.

[ThisSection continuing 7 G.2. 18; further continued until

25th March 1814. — 49 G. 3. 18; but no further Continuation

appears.']

CAP. XXX.

An Act to authorize His Majesty, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope.

[21st April 1806.]

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, an Act made in the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for empowering His Majesty to accept the Services of such Parts of His Militia Forces in Ireland as might voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Great Britain.

[21st April 1806.]

CAP. XXXII.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Ireland to issue Treasury Bills on the Credit of such Adds or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six; and for making forth Duplicates of Treasury Bills lost or destroyed.

[21st April 1806.]

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty Millions by Way of Annuities.

[21st 1806.]

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, an Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries. £21st April 1806.]

315

EXP.

EXP.

EXP.

EXP.

• I

316

C. 35.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

43 G.3. c. 21. § 124.

44 G. 3. C. 6.8 §6.

Bank of Ireland Notes exempted from Stamp Duty on Payment of such Yearly Compensation as shall be agreed on by the Irish Treasury.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to revive and amend so much of an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for granting certain Stamp Duties in Irel, as provides for the exempting from the said Duties, Bank Notes and Bank Post Bills issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland.

[5th May 1806.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty third Year of His

* present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting to

i His Majesty several Duties therein to be levied by the

* Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, it was ‘ amongst other Things enacted, that all Bank Notes and Bank

* Post Bills, which should be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland should be exempted from the Duties thereby charged thereon respectively, upon Payment of ‘ a Compensation for and in lieu of such Duties in Manner as in the said Act is mentioned: And Whereas by an Act made in the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties in Ireland, it was amongst other Things enacted, that so much of the said recited Act of the Forty third Year as exempted the said Bank Notes and Bank Post Bills from the said Duties, and as authorized any Compensation to be made or received for and in lieu of the said Duties, should be repealed: And Whereas it is expedient to revive and amend so much of the said recited Act of the Forty third Year aforesaid as relates to the said

* Exemption; ’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excel-

lent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Bank Notes and Bank Post Bills which shall be issued bj* the Governor and Company of the Bank of at any Time after the

Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six, whether for Fifty Pounds or any greater or lesser Sum, shall be exempt from the Duties chargeable thereon respectively by Law for One whole Year, and so from every Twenty fifth Day of March for One whole Year next following; provided the Governor and Company of the said Bank shall within Ten Days after the passing of this Act, on account of the Year next following the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six, and on each and every Twenty fifth Day of March respectively on account of every subsequent Year, have paid into His Majesty's Treasury of Ireland such Sum of Money as shall have been from time to time agreed upon by and between the said Governor and Company and the Lord High Treasurer of,

or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, as a Compensation for and to be in lieu of and in full Satisfaction for all Stamp Duties payable upon all Notes and Bills to be issued by the said Governor and Company of the said Bank during the Year next following- every such Twenty fifth Day of March respectively; any thing in the said recited

Act

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 35, 36.

317

Act of the Forty fourth Year aforesaid, or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

[See c. 64. §11.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the last Session of Parliament as charges a Duty of Three Shillings upon certain Tenements or Dwelling Houses in.

[5th May 1806.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting unto His Majesty until the Twenty fifth Hay of March One thousand eight hundred and six certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland, in lieu of former Duties of Excise and, a yearly Rate or Duty of Three Shillings was granted to His Majesty,

4 His Heirs and Successors, upon and out of every Tenement or Dwelling House not having more than Six Windows or Lights,

except such Houses as shall not be worth the yearly Rent of Fifty Shillings, and the Occupier or Person paying Rent for which hath not any Goods or Chattels to the Value of Ten 4 Pounds, over and above all his or her just Debts, and does not pay Rent for House, or House and Land altogether, to a greater annual Amount than Five Pounds yearly, (Money paid for Corn Acres, Potatoe Land by the Crop in the Nature of Corn Acres,

and for grazing, not being to be deemed or considered Rent):

And Whereas by an Act made in the present Session of Parliament, the several Rates, Duties and Taxes granted by the said first recited Act, are continued until and upon the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven:

And Whereas it is expedient that the said hereinbefore mentioned Rate or Duty of Three Shillings should be repealed, and should be no longer payable; ’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said last recited Act as continues the said Rate or Duty of Three Shillings, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that, from and after the passing of this Act, the said Rate or Duty of Three Shillings shall cease and determine, and shall be no longer paid or payable, any thing in the said recited Acts, or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding; and that all Rules and Directions for ascertaining, securing and collecting the said Rate or Duty of Three Shillings, and all Penalties for enforcing the Payment thereof, or of any Arrears thereof, contained in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, shall be and the same are hereby repealed, so far as the same are applicable tp the Duty hereby repealed.

45 G.3. c. 19.

Schedule A. Titlej Windows.

46 G.3. c. 12.

Said Duty of 3s. repealed.

318

C. 37, 38.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Witness cannot by Law refuse to answer on the Ground of subjecting himself to a Suit for Debt.

Duties of Customs on Tea to cease;

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to declare the Law with respect to Witnesses refusing to answer.

[5th 1806.]

WHEREAS Doubts have arisen whether a Witness can by Law refuse to answer a Question relevant to the Matter in Issue, the answering of which has no Tendency to accuse himself, or to expose him to any Penalty or Forfeiture, but the answering of which may establish, or tend to establish that he owes a Debt, or is otherwise subject to a Civil Suit at the Instance of His Majesty, or of some other Person or Persons; ’ Be it therefore declared and enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That a Witness cannot by Law refuse to answer a Question relevant to the Matter in Issue, the answering of which has no Tendency to accuse himself or to expose him to Penalty or Forfeiture, of any Nature whatsoever, by Reason only, or on the sole Ground, that the answering of such Question may establish or tend to establish that he owes a Debt, or is otherwise subject to a Civil Suit, either at the Instance of His Majesty, or of any other Person or Persons.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs upon Tea imported into Great Brit, and granting a Duty in lieu thereof (a); and for granting to His Majesty Additional Duties of Excise on Tea.

[5th May 1806.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary

4 Supplies to defray Your Majesty's Public Expences, and making 4 a permanent Addition to the Public Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the additional Rates and Duties hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; ’ And be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several and respective Duties of Customs payable upon Tea imported into Great Britain shall, from and after the passing of this Act, cease and determine; save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may, at the passing of this Act, remain unpaid, or to any Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any Time before the passing of this Act; and that in lieu and instead of the said Duties, a Duty of

(a) [The above Duty and Drawback made to, and others

granted, 59 G. c. 52. §1.]

Customs

A.D. 1806.

46o GEO. III. C. 38.

319

Customs of Six Pounds, for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value, according to the gross Price at which such Tea shall have been sold at the Public Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, upon all Tea imported into Great Britain.

" Drawback of the whole Duty shall be allowed on Exportation. " § 2 — 5.

and instead thereof a Custom Duty of 61. per Cent, shall be paid on Tea sold at the East India Company's Sale.

VI. And be it further enacted, That there shall be raised, An additional levied, collected and paid unto and for the Use of His Majesty, Excise Duty on His Heirs and Successors, for and in respect of Tea, over and Tea sold under above all Duties of Excise already imposed for or in respect 2s-6d.perlb. thereof by any Act or Acts of Parliament, the further Duty of

Excise hereinafter mentioned; that is to say, For and upon all Tea which, from and after the passing of this Act, shall be sold at the Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, under Two Shillings and Sixpence Pound Weight, an Excise Duty of Thirty Pounds Centum.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said several and respect- Duties shall be ive Duties shall be computed upon the gross Prices at which such paid by Pur-Tea shall be sold; to be paid by the Purchaser or Purchasers of to the such Tea to the said United Company, and to be paid by the said c<>mpany, &c. United Company to the respective Commissioners of Customs and

Excise for the time being.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Duty of Excise, Duty of Excise by this Act imposed, for or in respect of Tea, shall be under the to be under Management of the Commissioners of Excise for the time being, the Manage-and shall be again drawn back and repaid, or allowed upon the Ex- ent *he portation of such Tea to any Place where a Drawback or Allow- o/Excie^and ance of the Duty on Tea is now allowed, or made by Law, upon on Exportation the same Terms and Conditions, and under, subject and according of Tea, the

to the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Drawback of Penalties and Forfeitures, as are respectively contained, provided, Dut5r’ where settled or established, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force allowed°shall at the Time of passing this Act, and relating to the Exportation be paid’S of Tea; and the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions,

Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, shall be, and the same respectively are hereby directed to be duly observed, practised, applied and put in Execution, upon such Exportation of any such Tea; and How the Duty that the said Duty of Excise, by this Act imposed, for or in respect of Excise shall of Tea, shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, by such Persons, he levied, and under such Management, and under, subject and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are respectively contained, provided, settled or established, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the Time of passing this Act, and relating to the Excise Duties payable for or in respect of Tea; and the said Rules, Regulations,

Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures respectively, shall be, and the same respectively are hereby directed to be duly observed, practised and put in Execution, for the raising, levying, collecting and paying the said Duty of Excise by this Act imposed, for or in respect of Tea, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions,

Fines,

320

46° GEO. III.

Prize Tea to be subject to the Duties imposed by this Act.

Duties to be carried to the Consolidated Fund.

Separate Account of the Duties to be kept.

Act may be altered, &c. this Session.

EXP.

C. 38, 39, 40.

A.D. 1800.

Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Tea taken and condemned as Prize, and sold by the Captors, or their Agents, pursuant to the Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, prescribed by an Act passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes

•with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom (a) , shall be subject and liable to the Duties of Customs and Excise by this Act imposed on Tea. (a) [33 3. c. 34. expired.']

X. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies, from time to time arising by the Duties of Customs and Excise by this Act imposed, (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same respectively excepted,) shall, from time to time, be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster; and the said Money so paid in as aforesaid shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, now or for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, shall, for the Period of Ten Years from the Commencement of this Act, cause a separate and distinct Account of the Additional Duty of Excise granted by this Act to be prepared, and annually laid before Parliament, pursuant to an Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for directing certain Public Accounts to be laid annually before Parliament, and for discontinuing certain other Forms of Account note in use; and the Monies arising from the said Additional Duties shall be deemed a permanent Increase to the Public Revenue of Great Britain, for the Purpose of defraying any increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made or Stock created by Authority of any Act of Parliament passed, or to be passed, in the present Session of Parliament.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, until Twelve Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff.

[5th 1806.]

[Contim^edbyseveral Acts, and last by G. 3. c. 27; but no

further Continuation appea.]

CAP. XL.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity (to Vice Admiral Sir John Thomas Duckworth, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, in Consideration of the eminent Services which he has rendered to His Majesty and the Public.

[5th May 1806.]

J (a) [1,000l.]

A.D. 1806. 46° GEO. III. C. 41 — 45.

CAP. XLI.

An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six.

[5th May 1806\]

CAP. XLII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, during the present War, and for Six Months after the Expiration thereof, by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, imported into and exported from, or brought or carried Coastwise within Great Britain.

[5th May 1806.]

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Appraisements and on Licences to Appraisers in Great Britain.

[5th May 1806.]

[j Duties made to cease, and others, 48 Q. 3. c. 149.]

§ 1-]

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for carrying to the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain the Duties on Wine granted by Two Acts of the Forty third and Forty fourth Years of His present Majesty.

[5th May 1806.]

CAP. XLV.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of the Treasurer of the Ordnance.

[5th May 1806.]

1 \KT AS the Regulations by Law established in the

Offices of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces,

‘ and of the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, for the Issuing and f Payment of Public Monies required for Army and Navy Ser-(vices, have been found beneficial; and it is expedient that Re-

* gulations for the like Purposes should be established by Law, in

* the Office of the Treasurer of the Ordnance; ’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, Board of the Board of Ordnance, in every Memorial to be by them presented Ordnance in to the Treasury, for Money for Ordnance Services, shall pray that Mem°rials to such Sum as shall be so required may be issued to the Governor Jedf^Sum and Company of the Bank of England, on Account of the Trea- required, die surer of the Ordnance, specifying in every such Memorial the Sum particular Ser-required, and for what particular Service or Services, and also vice, the total specifying therein the Sum total of the General Balance of Public alance *n Money on Account of the Treasurer of the Ordnance remaining ?aQd’ &c:

46 Geo. III. Y unapplied Surai^‘red

321

EXP.

322

C. 45.

46°, GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

to be issued to the Bank, and put to the Account of the Board.

Customary Fees only to be paid.

Treasurer of Ordnance or

unapplied in the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and also stating in every such Memorial the Amount of the Assignments upon such Balance that are then outstanding; and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, by their Letter, from time to time shall direct the Auditor of the Exchequer to issue to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on Account of the Treasurer of the Ordnance, naming such Treasurer for the time being, the Sum for which such Letter shall be drawn upon the unsatisfied Order at the Exchequer in favour of the said Treasurer; for which the Receipt of the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company shall be a sufficient Discharge; and all Sums for which such Letters of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall be drawn, shall be issued to the said Governor and Company in like Manner as they have heretofore been issued to the Treasurer of the Ordnance; and all such Monies so to be issued to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be placed to an Account to be raised in the Books of the said Governor and Company, and to be intituled " The Account of the Treasurer of His Majesty's Ordnance, " inserting the Name of such Treasurer for the time being.

II. And be it enacted, That no Fees whatever shall be paid at the Exchequer or Treasury for or by reason of the Transactions aforesaid, beyond the Amount of what hath been usually paid upon Imprests and Accounts hitherto made, according to the former Custom of transacting Business between the Exchequer, Ordnance Office and Bank severally.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer of the Ordnance for the time being, by himself or his Deputy, shall, from

and after the passing of this Act, make Payment on all Imprests and Debentures ordered for Payment by the Board of Ordnance, (except such as shad be issued for the Pay and Allowances to the Officers and Persons employed in the Service of the Board of Ordnance, subject to any Deductions for Duties or otherwise,) by

Payments by Drafts on the Bank.

Drafts on the Bank of,

according to

Form of Draft

hereafter to be agreed upon between the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury and the Governor and Directors of the Bank of England, and stating therein whether the same are for the Payment of Imprests or Debentures, or both, as the Case may be t Provided always, that the said Treasurer or his Deputy shall not have Power and Authority to draw on the said Bank of England for the Payment of the total Amount of the Imprests and Debentures which shall at any Time be ordered for Payment by the Board of Ordnance, but for the Amount of such Imprests and Debentures only as shall be actually presented for Payment to the said Treasurer:Provided also, that every of the said Drafts shall have Figures inserted in the Margin thereof, corresponding to the Page in the Books kept by the said Treasurer wherein the Entry shall be made, of the particular Items or Charges composing the Amount of any Imprest or Imprests, Debenture or Debentures, for the Payment whereof such Draft shall be given.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Board o£ Ordnance, from time to time to direct Treasurer authorize and empower the said Treasurer or his Deputy to draw to draw on An

Treasurer to draw' only for Imprests, &c. actually presented for Payment.

Drafts to be numbered.

Board of Ordnance to

A.B.I80G.

46° GEO. III. C. 45.

523

on the Bank of England, for such Sums as the said Board shall Bank for deem proper, for the Payment of Salaries and Allowances, subject Salaries, &c. to Deductions for Duties or otherwise as aforesaid, to the Officers Account Spetty of the said Board, and Persons employed under their Direction or Authority, and for such Sums as shall be necessary for Payments on his petty Account; and the said Treasurer or his Deputy is Treasurer to hereby directed to draw distinct and separate Drafts for each of keep separate the said Services, and to keep a separate Account thereof, and to Accounts, and state to the Board of Ordnance in his Applications for Leave to aPPty J^oney draw on the Governor and Company of the Bank of England on 8y '

account of the said Services, the Balance remaining in his Hands on account of each of the said Services respectively; which Sums, when issued by the Bank of England to the said Treasurer or his Deputy, shall be deposited by him in his Office at the Tower of

London, or at such other Place or Places as the said Board of Ordnance shall direct, and shall not on any Account be withdrawn from thence, but for the actual Discharge of the Salaries, Allowances and petty Payments aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money received Treasurer of

by the said Treasurer for the Service, or on Account of the Ord- Ordnance to nance, shall be immediately paid by him into the Bank of, \nto Bank

and placed to his Account there in Manner aforesaid; and such reCg°y

Money shall be issued, paid and applied in such and the like

Manner, and under the same Regulations and Restrictions, as the Money to be issued from the Exchequer for Ordnance Services is herein directed to be issued, paid and applied.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Drafts drawn pursuant Drafts drawn, to the Directions of this Act, but not otherwise, shall be sufficient agreeably to Authority to the Bank of England to pay the Amount thereof to Act sufficient the Persons mentioned in such Drafts, or to the Bearer of them:g^nkTo^ Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be an ° pay* deemed or construed to extend, to render the Bank of England accountable for or on Account of any Omission or Mistake in relation to any Figure required by this Act to be inserted in the

Margin of any such Drafts.

VII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Resig- On Death or nation or Removal of the present and of every other Treasurer of Removal of the Ordnance hereafter to be appointed, the Balance of Cash for Treasurer, which he shall at that Time have Credit on his Account, as Trea- Balance surer with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, his Successor*U shall, as soon as a Successor shall be appointed to the said Office,

actually vest in such Successor in Trust for the Service of the Ordnance, and be forthwith transferred, carried over and placed to the Account of such Successor, to be applied to the said Service in pursuance of the like Drafts as aforesaid; and the Board of Ordnance shall, and they are hereby directed and required to form their Memorials and Requisitions to the Treasury; and the Treasurer of the Ordnance for the time being shall, and he is hereby directed and required to issue his Drafts as aforesaid, for all unsatisfied Charges and Demands on Account of the Ordnance Services, although the same shall have accrued in the Time of any former Treasurer.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing Treasurer to of this Act the Treasurer of the Ordnance for the time being keep Account

Y 2 shall

324?

4*6° GEO. III. C. 4-5, 46, 4?7.

A.D. 1806.

with the Bank, shall keep the Account with the Bank, of all Monies issued on his &c- Account for the Service of the Ordnance; and the said Treasurer,

observing the Rules and Regulations hereby prescribed, shall not be answerable for any Money which he shall not actually receive; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be answerable for all the Monies which shall be actually received by them for the Service of the Ordnance. '

Forging Drafts, &c. of Treasurer of Ordnance, &c. Felony without Clergy.

Act extended to Money issued from Irish Exchequer for Ordnance Service there.

Act may he altered, &c. this Session.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or assist in forging or counterfeiting the Name or Hand of the Treasurer of the Ordnance for the time being, or his Deputy, or the Person or Persons duly authorized as aforesaid, to any Draft, Instrument or Writing whatsoever, for or in order to the receiving or obtaining any of the Money in the Hands or Custody of the Governor and Company of the Bank of, on Account of

the Treasurer of the Ordnance; or shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any Draft, Instrument or Writing in Form of a Draft, made by such Treasurer of the Ordnance or his Deputy, or the Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid or shall utter or publish any such, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with an Intention to defraud any Person whomsoever, every such Person or Persons so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be, and is and are hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy,

X. And be it further enacted, That all Monies which shall be

issued from the Exchequer of Ire, or received by the Treasurer of the Ordnance or his Deputy, in, for the Service

of His Majesty's Ordnance, shall be paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, subject to the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, as the Monies issued by the Auditor of the Exchequer to the Governor and Company of the Bank of

England on Account of the Treasurer of the Ordnance, are made liable to by the Provisions of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act. may be altered, varied or repealed, by an Act to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for raising the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six.

[23d May 1806.]

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities or Debentures for the Service of Ireland.

[23d May 1806.]

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

C. 48, 49. 325

CAP. XLVIir.

An Act for continuing an Act made in this Session of Parlia- EXP. ment, intituled An Act for punishing •and and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters,

\ within the United Kingdom^ and the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark and Man.

[23d 1806.]

[46 G. 3. c. 15. which is continued in G.B. till June 25, 1806; in Ireland till July 1, 1806; in , &c. till

August1, 1806. See c. 66. post; but no further Continuation

appears.]

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for encreasing the Salaries of the Judge of the Court of Admiralty in Scotland, and of the Judges of the Commissary Court in Edinburgh.

[23d May 1806.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of 3. c. 47.

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for discharging the Payment of Sentence, and other Fees of

4 -Court, to the Judges of the Court of Admiralty in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and the Payment of Sentence Money to the Judge of the Commissary Court in Edinburgh; for granting Salaries to the Judges of the said Courts in lieu thereof;

and for regulating the Appointment of the said Judges; it is § I.

enacted that, in lieu of all Fees and Perquisites theretofore in use to be paid to or exacted by or for the Judge of the said Court, the said Judge should be entitled to and receive a yearly Salary amounting to the Sum of Four hundred Pounds Sterling,

payable in the same Form and upon the same Establishment as the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts of Session, Justiciary and Exchequer, are paid in that Part of Great Britain called -4 Scotland: And Whereas by the said Act it is further enacted, §2.

that, in lieu of Sentence Money theretofore in use, as well as for the better Provision of the said Judges of the Commissary Court in Edinburgh, they should be entitled to and receive the Sum of One hundred Pounds Sterling each of Salary payable in the same Form and upon the same Establishment as the said Salaries of the Courts of Session, Justiciary and Exchequer, are paid in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And Whereas from the Encrease of the Business in the said Courts as well as from the encreased Expence of living, the said Salaries, authorized to be paid to the Judges thereof, have become altogether inadequate May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in Additional Addition to the Salary at present payable to the Judge of the said yearly Salaries Court of Admiralty in Scotland, there shall be paid and payable to of 4001*to him, and to his Successors in Office, the Sum of Four hundred °.f ^ou.rt

Pounds Sterling yearly; and in Addition to the Salary at present Scotland and"

Y 3 paid

826

C. 49 — 52.

4-6° GEO. III. A.D. 180(5.

of 1501. to Judges of Commissary, Court at Edinburgh.

paid to each of the Judges of the said Commissary Court (a) in Edinburgh, there shall be paid and payable to each of them, and each of their Successors in Office, the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds yearly; both which Additions to the Salaries of the said Judges of the Court of Admiralty in Scotland and of the Commissary Court in Edinburgh respectively, shall begin and be payable from the Twenty fourth Day of June which was in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and five, and shall continue to be payable in all Time thereafter in the same Form and upon the same Establishment as the Salaries granted to the said Judges by the said in Part recited Act are thereby made payable. (a) [600/. to Judges of Commissary Court in lieu

of Salary and all Fees and Payments, 55 G. 3.

c. 97. §L]

All such Salaries

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the several to be paid additional Salaries hereby granted, as well as the respective Salaries granted by the said recited Act, shall be paid to the several Persons entitled thereto, without any Fee or other Deduction whatsoever.

without Deduction.

CAP. L.

An Act for extending the Annuity granted to the Earl of St. Vincent (5) , to the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Viscount St. Vincent is limited.

[23d May 1806/]

(b) [ByStat. 38 3. c. 21.

CAP. LI.

An Act to repeal several Acts passed in the Forty third and Forty fourth Years respectively of His present Majesty's Reign (c) , for the raising and establishing an additional Force for the Defence of the Realm.

[23d May 1806.]

(c) [43 G.3. cc. 82. and 83 G. 3. cc. 56. and 66. See

Cap. 9\.post.']

CAP. LII

An Act to prevent the Importation of Slaves, by any of ITis Majesty's Subjects into any Islands, Colonies, Plantations or Territories belonging to any Foreign Sovereign, State or Power; and also to render more effectual a certain Order, made by His Majesty in Council on the Fifteenth Day of AiigustOne thousand eight hundred and five, for pro-

hibiting the Importation of Slaves (except in certain Cases) , into any of the Settlements, Islands, Colonies or Plantations on the Continent of America, or in the West Indies, which have been surrendered to His Majesty's Arras during the present War; and to prevent the fitting out of Foreign Slave Ships from British Ports.

[23d May 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to prevent the supplying the t y y islands, Colonies and Territories, belonging to any Foreign Sovereign, State or Power, with Slaves, by or on Account of

21 any

A, D; 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 52.

* any of His Majesty's Subjects, or by Means of their Ships,

Capital or Credit; and to prevent the fitting out of Foreign Slave Ships from British Ports: And Whereas His Majesty by Recital of Order His Order in Council, bearing Date the Fifteenth Day o in Council,

‘ One thousand eight hundred and five, was pleased to order, dated Aug. 15, 4 44 That it should not be lawful, except by special Licence as J^f/nf0jhgro ’

therein mentioned, for any Slave or Slaves to be landed upon importation of any of the Coasts, or imported or brought into any of the Ports* Slaves into Harbours, Creeks or Roads, or within the Limits, Jurisdictions American and Territories of any of the Settlements, Islands, Colonies or Colonies Plantations on the Continent of America, or in the West pi^Ma'Tst ^1 4 which have been surrendered to His Majesty's Arms during the the present^ m 4 present War, until further Order, upon Pain that all Slaves so War, except landed or brought contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of under special that Order, together with the Vessels bringing in the same, or Licences.

from which the same should be landed, and their Cargoes, should become forfeited to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors;

but the said Order recited, that it might be expedient to permit the Annual Introduction of a limited Number of Slaves under due Regulations, for the Purpose of supplying any Waste that should take place in the Population on particular Estates, from extraordinary or unavoidable Causes, and thereby of keeping up the Cultivation of the Lands already cleared and cultivated; and it was therefore further ordered, that any Number of Slaves,

not exceeding Three for every Hundred of the whole Number of Slaves in the said Settlements, Islands, Colonies and Plantations respectively (Returns whereof were to be made from time to time, in pursuance of Instructions to be transmitted by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State,) might be imported in each Year (provided Casualties to that Extent should appear to have taken place in the preceding Year) , under Licences to be previously granted by the Governor, Lieutenant Governor or Officer administering the Government of the said Settlements,

4 Islands, Colonies and Plantations, from any other of His Majesty's Colonies in the West Indies, into the said Settlements,

4 Islands, Colonies and Plantations; such Licence, or a Copy thereof, to be produced by the Master of the Ship on which such Slaves are laden, as his Authority for having Slaves on board destined to the said Settlement, Islands, Colonies and Plantations; Provided always, that until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seven, such limited Importation might be made from other Places than His Majesty's Colonies in the West Indies as aforesaid, and without its being necessary for the Master of the Vessel, if met with at Sea, to produce the said Licence, or a Copy thereof, as his Authority for having the Slaves destined as aforesaid onboard, but subject nevertheless to such Licence being first had and obtained as aforesaid, before any Slaves should be permitted to be landed or sold from such Vessel in any of the said Settlements; and,

after further reciting that special Instructions would be immediately transmitted by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to the Governors, Lieutenant Governors or Officers administering the Government of the said Colonies, Settlements and Plantations respectively, containing the Regulations proper

Y 4 ‘ for

328

C. 52.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

1 for carrying that Order into effectual Execution, directing and

* empowering them to grant Licences for the Importation of such

* limited Number of Slaves as aforesaid, subject to such Regulations as in the said Instructions would be provided, it was

* thereby declared to be His Majesty's further Order, that such Governor, Lieutenant Governor or other Officer as aforesaid,

should be, and they thereby were respectively authorized and empowered to grant such Licences, upon such Terms and Conditions, and subject to such Regulations as, in conformity to and in furtherance of the Object of such Instructions, might from time 4 to time be required: And it was thereby further ordered, that

* the Prohibition thereinbefore contained should not extend to prevent the importing or landing of any Slaves which should be imported into the said Colonies, Islands and Plantations, by Licence first had for importing the same under the Hand and Seal of His Majesty's Governor or Lieutenant Governor, or Officer administering the Government of the Colony, Settlements or Plantations into which the said Slaves are to be imported,

specifying the Ship or Vessel permitted to import the same, in Conformity with the Instructions to be received from One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State as aforesaid, but that all Slaves, except such Slaves as may form Part of the Crew of any Vessels, or may be Household Servants to the Passengers therein, which should be landed without such Licence as aforesaid, and without conforming to such Regulations as should be contained therein, should, together with the Vessels bringing the same, or from which the same should be landed, and their Cargoes, become forfeited to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and in case any Vessel should contain more Slaves than the Number permitted to be imported in such Vessel by any

* such Licence or Licences, such Number of the most valuable of the Slaves onboard such Vessel (other than such Slaves as might form Part of the Crew of such Vessel, or might be Household Servants to the Passengers) as should be equal to the Excess beyond the Number mentioned in such Licence or Licences,

should be forfeited to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors,

and should be selected and disposed of in such Manner as might be in that Behalf directed by any Instructions from One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, to be given to the respective Governors, Lieutenant Governors or other Officers administering the Government of such Colonies, Settlements and Plantations as aforesaid; and it was thereby further ordered and provided, that nothing therein contained should be extended or construed to extend to the landing, importing or bringing in of any Slave or Slaves from or by any Vessel which by Stress of Weather or by any other Peril should be driven on the Coast of any such Colonies, Settlements or Plantations, or compelled to take refuge on such Coast, or within the Creeks and Harbours of such Colonies, Settlements or Plantations, provided the Slave or Slaves which should be so imported, landed or brought in as last aforesaid, should be exported to some Place or Places, 4 other than any of the Colonies, Settlements or Plantations to which the said Order applied, within Ten Days from the Im-

* portation, landing or bringing in of the same, unless further

detained

I

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III.

529

C. 52.

detained by Stress of Weather, or provided the same should •V within such Ten Days be sold under the special Licence of the ‘ Governor, Lieutenant Governor or Officer administering the c Government of the Colony, Settlement or Plantation where such ‘ Slaves might be, to such Person or Persons as under the Cir-‘ cumstances of his, her or their Cases (which Circumstances should be inserted in such special Licence) might at the Date thereof be entitled to obtain a Licence or Licences to import such Number of Slaves as he, she or they should in and by such special Licence or Licences be permitted to purchase; and it was thereby further ordered and declared, that One Third of every Forfeiture which should accrue in consequence of that Order to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, should be granted to the Governor, Lieutenant Governor or Officer ad- ministering the Government of the Colony, and One Third to the Party who should inform and prosecute the same And Whereas it is expedient that the Prohibition contained in the said Order of Council should be enforced and rendered more effectual by such auxiliary Regulations and Remedies as the Authority of His Majesty in Council was insufficient to provide May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the First Day of January One thousand No Slaves eight hundred and seven, it shall not be lawful to export, transport, (Exception) carry, convey or send any Slave or Slaves (except in such special to,) e ex"

Cases as are hereinafter excepted) (a) from any Part of His Majesty's Dominions to any Island, Settlement, Colony, Plantation, Dominions to Territory or Place whatever, belonging to and under the Dominion Foreign Colo-of any Foreign Sovereign, State or Power, the Provisions of cer- niesor Terri-tain Acts of Parliament made for establishing certain, Free Ports tories* in the West Indies, or any other Statute, Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and if any Slave or Slaves shall, from and after the Day aforesaid, be so unlawfully exported, transported, carried, conveyed or sent, or shall be embarked, put on board, or transshipped at or from any Part of His Majesty's Dominions ' with Intent to be so unlawfully exported, transported, carried, conveyed or sent, all and every such Slave or Slaves, together with every Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be so exported, transported, carried, conveyed, sent, embarked, put on board or transshipped, together with all her Boats, Guns, Tackle, Apparel and Furniture, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted as Penalty, hereinafter is mentioned and provided. (a) [Sec § 13.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, British Subject* from and after the said First Day of January One thousand eight resident in His hundred and seven, it shall not be lawful to or for any of His Ma- Majesty's jesty’s Subjects, or any Person or Persons resident within this Dominions, not United Kingdom, or any of the Islands, Colonies, Dominions or ^ncern©i<inbe Territories thereto belonging, to export, transport, carry, convey conveying or send, or cause or procure to be exported, transported, carried, Slaves from conveyed or sent, or in any Manner to aid, abet or assist in the Africa or exporting, transporting, carrying, conveying or sending any Slave ^ewhev.e > or Slaves from Africa or elsewhere (except from His Majesty's xcePtion)

West

380

to Foreign Colonies or Territories,

[Penalty.]

Slaves imported Contrary to Order in Council, as herein mentioned, forfeited; with the .Ships* &c.

Slaves exported from or taken on board as herein mentioned, in Africa or elsewhere, forfeited; with the Ships, &c.

c. 52. 46° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

West India Islands, in such special Cases as are hereinafter expressly excepted and provided for) (a) to any Island, Settlement, Colony, Plantation, Territory or Place whatever belonging to and under the Dominion of any Foreign Sovereign, State or Power, or to ship, embark, transship or put on board, or cause Or procure to be embarked, shipped, transshipped or put on board, or to aid, abet or assist in the embarking, shipping, transshipping or putting on board any Ship or Vessel whatever, at Africa or elsewhere, any Slave or Slaves (except as aforesaid) with the Intent to the exporting, transporting, carrying, conveying or sending the same to any such Foreign Island, Settlement, Colony, Plantation or Territory or Place; and if any Slave or Slaves shall be so unlawfully exported, transported, carried, conveyed or sent or embarked, shipped, transshipped or put on board with such unlawful Intent as aforesaid, all and every such Slave or Slaves, and every Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be so unlawfully exported, transported, carried, conveyed or sent, or embarked, shipped, transshipped or put on board, together with all her Boats, Guns, Tackle, Apparel and Furniture, so far as any of. His Majesty's Subjects, or any Person or Persons resident as aforesaid, have or hath any Property, Share or Interest therein, shall become forfeited, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted as hereinafter is mentioned and provided. (a) [See § 13.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Slave or Slaves shall

be landed upon any of the Coasts, or imported or brought into any of the Ports, Harbours, Creeks or Roads, or within the Limits* Jurisdictions and Territories of any of the Settlements, Islands* Colonies or Plantations on the Continent of America, or in the West Indies, which have been surrendered to His Majesty's Arms

during the present War, without such Special Licence for landing, importing and bringing the same, as in and by the said Order in Council #is mentioned, having been previously obtained, contrary to the Prohibitions contained in the said Order, all and every such Slave or Slaves, together with the Ship or Vessel by or from which the same shall be so landed, imported or brought, and all her Boats, Guns, Tackle, Apparel and Furniture, shall become forfeited, and shall and may be seized, forfeited and prosecuted as hereinafter is mentioned and provided.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Slave or Slaves shall be exported from or embarked, shipped, transshipped or taken on board any Ship or Vessel whatever, at any Island, Settlement, Colony, Plantation or Territory under the Dominion of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or shall be exported from or embarked, shipped, transshipped or taken on board at Africa, or on the Coast thereof, or elsewhere, in any British Ship or Vessel, or any Ship or Vessel owned or employed in Whole or in Part by any of His Majesty's Subjects* of for or on account of any of His Majesty's Subjects, in order and with Intent to be transported, carried or conveyed to any or either of the said Settlements, Islands, Colonies or "Plantations on the Continent of America, or in the West Indies, which have been surrendered to His Majesty's Arms during the present War, and to be there imported or landed, without such Special Licence as aforesaid* contrary to the said Order in Council, all and every

A.D. 1806. 46° GEO. III. C. 52.

sdeh Slave and Slaves, together with every Ship of Vessel in or by which the same shall be so exported, embarked, , shipped, transshipped or taken on board, and all her Boats, Guns, Tackle, Apparel and Furniture shall become forfeited, and shall artd may be seized and prosecuted as hereinafter is mentioned and provided: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, from revoking, annulling, varying or altering the said Order in Council, or any of the Regulations or Instructions in regard to Special Licences therein contained, mentioned or referred to, as to His Royal Wisdom shall from time to time, during the Continuance of the present War, seem meet.

V. And be it further enacted, That if anj'- of His Majesty's Subjects, or any Person or Persons resident within this United Kingdom, or any of the Islands, Colonies, Dominions or Territories belonging to, or in the Possession of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall unlawfully land, import, send, transport, carry, convey, embark, ship, transship, or put or take on board, or cause or procure to be landed, imported, exported, sent, transported, carried, conveyed, embarked, shipped, transshipped, or put or taken on board, or shall be aiding, abetting or assisting in the landing, importing, exporting, sending, transporting, carrying, conveying, embarking, shipping, transshipping, or putting or, taking on board any Slave or Slaves, contrary to any of the Prohibitions in the said Order in Council, or in this Act contained, every such Person or Persons so offending, shall respectively forfeit and pay for each and every Slave so unlawfully landed, imported, exported, sent, transported, carried, conveyed, embarked, shipped* transshipped, or put or taken on board, the Sum of Fifty Pounds lawful Money of Great Britain:Provided always, that no Penalty or Forfeiture shall be incurred by any landing or importing, or transshipping or carrying of any Slave or Slaves, contrary to the said Order in Council, or to this Act., when it shall be clearly proved to the Satisfaction of the Court, before which any such Forfeiture, or any Suit for any such Penalty shall be prosecuted* that the prohibited Act entirely arose from Stress of Weather, Peril of the Sea, or other inevitable Accident, the Burden of which Proof shall in all Cases lie on the Claimant or Defendant: Provided also, that nothing in this Act shall extend to prevent the Transportation to any Foreign Colony or Place of any Slave or Slaves that shall have been convicted by due Course of Law, in any British Island or Colony, of any Crime to which the Punishment of Transportation is or shall be annexed by the Law of such Island or Colony; but in every such Case a Copy of the Judgment or Sentence, certified by the Court before which the Offender was convicted, shall be put on board in the Ship or Vessel in which any such Convict shall be transported.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seven, it shall not be lawful to or for any of His Majesty's Subjects, or to or for any Person or Persons resident in this United Kingdom, or in any of the Colonies, Territories or Dominions thereto belonging, to invest or employ any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Ship or Vessel, Goods or Effects to him or them belonging, in trading in

or

031

His Majesty may revoke or alter Order in Council.

Exporting or importing Slaves contrary to Act or Order in Council, Penalty 501, per Slave,

Proviso for Stress of Weather; Peril of the Sea, Ac.;

and for Slaves transported as Convicts to Foreign Countries.

British Subjects employing their Ships, Capital or Credit, in Foreign Slave Trade (except under special Licences).

332

C. 52.

Or becoming Guarantee for Agents employed in the Sale of Slaves.

[Penalty.]

All Securities void, except against bonaJxAe Holders.

Insurances on Foreign or unlicensed Slave Trade void; and Penalty 5001.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

or carrying Slaves from Africa or elsewhere, to any Settlement, Island, Colony, Plantation, Territory or Flace belonging to and under the Dominion of any Foreign Sovereign, State or Power, or to any of the said Settlements, Islands, Colonies or Plantations which have been surrendered to His Majesty's Arms during the present War (except such limited and licensed Trade to the latter as is by the said Order in Council and by this present Act allowed) , or knowingly or wilfully to lend or advance any Sum or Sums of Money, or to become Security in any Manner for the Loan or Advance of any Sum or Sums of Money, Goods or Effects, for the Purpose of being employed or used in any such Trade or Carriage of Slaves, except as aforesaid, or to become Guarantee or Security for any Factor or Agent to be employed in the Sale of Slaves in or for the Use or Supply of any such Foreign Settlement, Island, Colony, Plantation, Territory or Place, or (except such limited and licensed Trade as aforesaid) in or for the Use or Supply of any of the said Settlements, Islands, Colonies or Plantations which have been surrendered to His Majesty's Arms during the present War, or otherwise to engage as a Partner, Factor, Agent or otherwise, directly or indirectly, in the supplying with Slaves any such Foreign Island, Colony, Territory or Place, or any of the said Settlements, Islands, Colonies or Plantations which have been surrendered to His Majesty's Arms during the present War, except as before excepted; upon Pain that every Person or Persons who shall knowingly or wilfully so employ any Ship or Vessel, Goods or Effects, or so invest, employ, lend, advance or secure any Sum or Sums of Money for any of the Purposes aforesaid, or become Guarantee or Security for any such Factor or Agent as aforesaid, or otherwise to engage as Partner, Factor, Agent or otherwise, in supplying Slaves as aforesaid knowingly and wilfully, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Prohibition, shall forfeit or pay for every such Offence Double the Value of all the Money, Ships, Vessels, Goods and Effects so by him or them employed, lent, advanced or secured, to be recovered and applied as is hereinafter mentioned and provided; and every Mortgage, Bond, Bill, Note or other Security made or given for securing the Payment of any such unlawful Loan or Advance, or for any other the unlawful Purposes aforesaid, shall be absolutely null and void:(except in the Case of a bona fide Purchaser or Holder of any such of the said Securities as are in their Nature negociable, who may-have purchased or obtained the same, without Notice that the same were made or given for or in Consideration of any of the unlawful Purposes aforesaid).

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seven, if any of His Majesty's Subjects, or any Person or Persons resident within this United Kingdom, or within any of the Islands, Colonies, Dominions or Territories thereunto belonging, shall knowingly and wilfully insure, or cause or procure to be insured, any Ship, Vessel, Slaves, Goods or Commodities whatsoever, employed or to be employed in the trading in or carrying of Slaves from or elsewhere, to any Island, Colony, Territory or Place belonging to or under the Dominion of any Foreign Sovereign or State, or to any of the said Settlements, Islands, Colonies or Plantations,

which

46° GEO. III. C. 52.

A.D. 1806.

333

which have been surrendered to His Majesty's Arms during the present War, (except such limited and licensed Trade to the latter as is by the said Order in Council, and this present Act, allowed,) any Person or Persons so insuring, or causing or procuring any such Insurance to be made, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and every such Insurance shall be absolutely null and void.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said British Subjects

First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seven, it not to supply shall not be lawful for any British Ship or Vessel, or for her Slaves oivthe Boats, Officers or Mariners, to be employed, used or engaged, in to°F^reignersta’ or at Africa, or on any Part of the Coast thereof, directly or in-

directly, in supplying with Slaves any Foreign Ship or Vessel, or

Factory, whatsoever or wheresoever, or any Person concerned for or on account of any Foreign Ship or Vessel, or Factory, or for or on account of any Island, Colony, Plantation or Territory belonging to or under the Dominion of any Foreign Sovereign, State or Power; and every such Ship or Vessel which shall be so employed, engaged or used, or the Boats, Officers or Mariners whereof, by and with the Consent and Approbation or Direction of the Owners thereof, shall be so employed, engaged or used contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall, with all her Boats, Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel, be forfeited, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted as is hereinafter mentioned and provided; and the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge and Command of such Ship or Vessel shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds of lawful Penalty tool. Money of Great Britain,

IX. And be it further enacted, That, from after the Expiration Foreign Ships of One Calendar Month, to be computed from the Time of the intended to be passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Foreign Ship or employed in the Vessel employed or intended to be employed in the African Slave ^ave Trade, to be fitted out, equipped, manned or dispatched at or ^BrSish from any Port of this United Kingdom, or any other Part of His Ports. Majesty's Dominions, for a Voyage to Afr, whether that be the Place of immediate Destination, or such Ship or Vessel before proceeding thither is destined to touch at some other Port or Place,

nor shall it be lawful for any of His Majesty's Subjects, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, to ship, lade or put onboard in any Foreign Ship or Vessel when destined directly or indirectly to Africa, at any Port in this United Kingdom, or any other Part of His Majesty's Dominions, any Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities whatsoever, with Intent that the same shall be carried to Africa, to be there bartered for Slaves, or otherwise employed in the African Slave Trade; and if any such Foreign Ship or Vessel shall be so unlawfully fitted out, equipped, manned or dispatched, or if any Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities shall be so unlawfully shipped, laden or put on board in any such Ship or Vessel with such Intent as aforesaid, at any Port of His Majesty's Dominions, such Ship or Vessel, with all her .penalty.

Boats, Guns, Tackle, Apparel and Furniture, and all the Goods,

Wares, Merchandize and Commodities so shipped, laden or put on board, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted as hereinafter is mentioned and provided; and if any of

His

334-

Ships not registered, or not cleared out under 39 G.3. c. 80. deemed Foreign Ships.

On British Ships clearing out for Africa, Owner, &c. to give Bond not to trade in Slaves to Foreign Ports.

How such Bond discharged.

c. 52. 4-6^ GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

His Majesty's Subjects, or any Person or Persons resident within His Majesty's Dominions, shall knowingly and wilfully fit out, equip, man or dispatch any such Foreign Ship or Vessel for the Purposes aforesaid, or knowingly and wilfully furnish the same with any Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities as aforesaid, with the Intent and for the Purpose aforesaid, or be knowingly and wilfully aiding, abetting- or assisting in any such Offence, every Person or Persons so offending, aiding, abetting or assisting, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds: And every Ship or Vessel shall be deemed and taken to be a Foreign Ship or Vessel for the Purposes aforesaid, although owned in Whole or in Part by British Subjects, which shall not be registered, navigated and cleared out in such Maimer as to entitle her to import Slaves into a British Colony, according to the Laws of Navigation, and to an Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled Act for better regulating the Manner of carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Ship or Vessel clearing out from any British Port after the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seven, to export, transport, carry or convey any Slave or Slaves from >

or the Coast thereof, to the Islands, Colonies, Plantations or Territories belonging to or under the Dominion of His Majesty, unless the Owner, Master or other Person having the Charge of such Ship or Vessel shall, on her clearing out from Great,

or some one of the said Islands, Colonies, Plantations, or Territories, for Africa or the Coast thereof, have certified to the Collector or principal Officer of the Customs at the Port of Clearance, that the Intent of the Voyage is to take in, and to transport, carry and convey Slaves from Africa and the Coast thereof to the Islands, Colonies, Plantations and Territories only belonging to or under the Dominion of His Majesty, and shall have entered into a Bond, in the penal Sum of One thousand Pounds, with One or more good and sufficient Sureties, to the Commissioners of the Customs in London, or to the Chief Officer of the Customs in other Ports respectively, with Condition that such Ship or Vessel shall proceed from the Coast of to some

Port or Place in some Island, Colony, Plantation or Territory belonging to and under the Dominion of His Majesty, and that no Slave or Slaves which shall be taken on board the said Ship or Vessel in. Africa, or on the Coast thereof, shall be landed or disposed of in any Port or Place in any Island, Colony, Plantation or Territory belonging to or under the Dominion of any Foreign Sovereign, State or Power, or (except with such Licence as aforesaid) in any of the aforesaid Settlements, Islands, Colonies or Plantations which have been surrendered to His Majesty's Arms during the present War, nor shall on any Pretence whatsoever be sold or disposed of to the Ships or Vessels of any Foreign Sovereign, State or Power, or to any Person whatever concerned for or on account of the same, or directly or indirectly in supplying the same with Slaves, either on the Coast of, or the High Seas,

or any Port, Harbour or Place wheresoever situated; and the said Bon$ shall not be void and discharged until the due and faithful

Performance

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 52.

Performance of all and every the several 'Conditions therein contained shall have been proved or ascertained by the Production of the Ship’s Log Book and the Surgeon’s Journal duly verified, and also by a Certificate or Certificates from the chief Officer of the Customs of each and every Port or Place in the Islands, Colonies, Plantations or Territories belonging to or under the Dominion of His Majesty where the said Ship or Vessel shall have touched, setting forth that the several Injunctions hereinafter contained have been duly complied with: Provided always, that the said Bond shall be void if not prosecuted within Three Years after the Return of the said Ship or Vessel.

XI. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any British Ship or Vessel which shall have cleared out from any British Port after the Day last aforesaid, and which shall, during the Voyage in which she was engaged, have transported, carried or conveyed any Slaves from Africa, or the Coast thereof, shall arrive at any Port or Place, in any Island, Colony, Plantation or Territory belonging to or under the Dominion of His Majesty, the Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall immediately repair to the Custom House at or nearest to the Port or Place where he shall arrive, and there give in a written Account, to the Collector or chief Officer of the Customs, of the total Number of Slaves which he brought in the said Ship or Vessel from Afri, or the Coast thereof, and shall declare that since his Departure front thence, he hath not caused to be unshipped or landed, or sold or disposed of any Slave or Slaves in any Island, Colony, Plantation or Territory belonging to or under the Dominion of any Foreign Sovereign or State, or into any Ship or Vessel at Sea, or otherwise, and shall confirm such Declaration by the Production of the Ship’s Log Book and Surgeon’s Journal, and also by producing the Surgeon and chief Mate of such Ship or Vessel, if living, and on board the same, or if otherwise, then the Two next Officers in point of Station on board, to be examined by the said Collector or chief Officer, on Oath (which Oath the said Collector or chief Officer is hereby authorized and required to administer) , touching the Truth and Fairness of the said Account.

XII. And Whereas it may frequently happen that the Slaves brought in any Ship or Vessel from Africa, or the Coast thereof,

or some of them, may not be sold at the First Port or Place at which the Ship or Vessel shall arrive in any Island, Colony, Plantation or Territory belonging to or under the Dominion of His Majesty Be it therefore further enacted, That any such Ship or Vessel, the whole Cargo of which shall not have been disposed of at the Port at which she shall first arrive in the said Islands, Colonies, Plantations or Territories belonging to or under the Dominion of His Majesty, from Africa or the Coast thereof, shall be permitted to proceed with her Slaves, or the Remainder thereof, to such other Port or Place, Ports or Places, within any of the Islands, Colonies, Plantations or Territories belonging to or under the Dominion of His Majesty, into which Slaves from Africa may be lawfully imported, as the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship o.r Vessel shall think fit: Provided always, that at every such Port or Ports where any

Slave

Limitation of Prosecution on Bond.

On Arrival of British Ships from Africa at British Colonies, Master to report, declare and prove his Compliance with this Act.

To produce Ship’s Log Book, Journal, Surgeon, &c.

On proceeding with Cargo of Slaves, or Part thereof, from the First Port of Discharge to any other Ports, Accounts of Slaves to he taken and Certificates given from Port to Port.

336

Penalty *

Transporting Slaves as herein mentioned, Penalty.

Slaves exported, from one British Colony to another.

Application to Governor in Writing.

Licence.

C. 52. 4*62 GEO. III. A; D. l8p6,

Slave or Slaves shall be unshipped or landed, thft Master or other Person having or taking the Command of such Ship shall take from the Collector or other chief Officer of the Customs a Certificate of the Number of Slaves which shall have been so unshipped and landed out of his Ship or Vessel, at the said Port or Place; which Certificate, with the Account of the . original Number brought from Africa, or the Coast thereof, and also an Account of the

Number remaining on board, and the Journal of the Surgeon of the said Ship or Vessel, expressing the Number of Slaves who shall have died during the said Voyage, shall be by the said Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, exhibited to the Collector or chief Officer of the Customs of every other Port or Place in the said Islands, Colonies, Plantations or Territories belonging to or under the Dominion of His Majesty, at which such Ship or Vessel shall afterwards touch; and the Collector or chief Officer of the Customs of such other Port or Place, Ports or Places, shall and he is hereby required to compare the said Accounts; and if there shall appear to be any Deficiency in the Number of Slaves which such Master, or Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall not be able lawfully to account for, every such Master or other Person shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every Slave which shall be so found deficient and unaccounted for:Provided always, that no such Ship or Vessel shall transport or carry away from any such Port or Place, on Pain of Forfeiture of Ship and Cargo as aforesaid, any other Slave or Slaves than such as shall have been entered, as Part of her Cargo from, or the Coast

thereof, in the same Voyage.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seven, no Person shall embark, ship, export or carry upon the Seas, any Slave or Slaves from any Island, Colony, Plantation or Territory belonging to or under the Dominion of His Majesty, to any other Island, Colony, Plantation or Territory belonging to or under the Dominion of His Majesty, in any Ship or Vessel whatever (except as before mentioned, in British Ships, from Africa or the Coast thereof,) until the Owner or Exporter thereof shall make Application in Writing to the Governor of the said Island, Colony, Plantation or Territory, or to the Collector or Chief Officer of the Customs of the Port from whence it shall be intended to export or embark the said Slave or Slaves, which said Application shall express the Number and Quality of the Slaves he shall be desirous to export, transport, carry or convey, and the Place to which he means to carry them, (such Place being always some Island, Colony, Plantation or Territory belonging to or under the Dominion of His Majesty, into which such Slaves may be lawfully imported without any Special Licence, or else some or One of the said Settlements, Islands, Colonies or Plantations which have surrendered to His Majesty's Arms during the present War, for importing the said Slaves into which some such Special Licence as aforesaid shall have been obtained,) and until such Owner or Exporter shall obtain a Licence in Writing for the Exportation of such Slaves from such Island, Colony, Territory or Plantation wherein such Application is made, specifying the Place of Destination; which Licence

A.D. 1806.

* 6° GEO. III. C. 52.

337

cence under his Hand and Seal the said Governor, Collector or chief Officer is hereby authorized and required to grant; but previous thereto every such Owner or Exporter shall also give Bond to His Bond. Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in a penal Sum equal to the Sum of Fifty Pounds lawful Money of Great Britain for every Slave so to be carried, and deliver the same to the said Governor, or the Collector or chief Officer of the Customs of the Port or Place from which such Slave or Slaves shall be carried, the Con- Condition dition of which Bond shall be, that the said Owner or Proprietor thereof, shall faithfully and truly land or deliver the said Slaves at the Place to which he shall be so authorized to export or convey the same, and shall, within a Time to be in the said Condition limited, having respect therein to the ordinary Length of the said intended Voyage, produce a Certificate from the Collector or chief Officer of the Customs oF the Port or Place to which the said Slave or Slaves shall be so permitted to be exported or conveyed, or, in case there be in that Place no Collector or chief Officer of the Customs, from Two of the most eminent British Merchants or Inhabitants, certifying that the said Slave or Slaves shall have been landed and left in the said Port or Place, Death or other inevitable Impediment, to be proved by Oath of Two credible Witnesses, excepted; and if any such Slave or Slaves so exported, shall not be so landed and left according to the Condition of any such JBond, or such Certificate as aforesaid shall not be duly returned, the said Bond shall become forfeited, and the said Governor or Collector, In what Case or chief Officer, may cause the same to be put in Suit, and the forfeited, said Owner or Exporter shall not be relieved from the Penalty thereof but on Payment of the Sum of Fifty Pounds lawful Money as aforesaid, for every Slave not so landed or left, or not so certified to have been landed and left as aforesaid, nor shall the Party be thereby discharged from any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred by the sending or conveying such Slaves to any Foreign Territory or Place contrary to the Prohibition in this Act, or the said Order in Council contained: Provided always, that the said Bonds shall be void, unless prosecuted within Three Years from the Date thereof:

Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall prevent, or be Exemption as construed to prevent any Slave from being employed either in to Negro Sailors Navigation, Fishing or any other his ordinary Business or Occu- and Fishermen, pation upon the Seas:Provided also, that nothing in this Act con- an<* d°mestic tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any Ja^ette.ndins Slave who shall be really and truly the domestic Servant of any as sto

Person residing in any Island, Colony, Plantation or Territory belonging to or under the Dominion of His Majesty, from attending such his Owner or Master, or any Part of his Family, by Sea to any Place whatever, whether under the Dominion of His Majesty or of any Foreign Sovereign, State or Power; but if any Slave or Nameg of Slaves employed in Navigation, or any Fishermen or domestic Slaves employed Slave or Slaves shall be so employed, embarked or carried in any as Sailors, &c. Ship or Vessel on a Voyage from any British Island or Colony to *° be inserted any Foreign Colony, Plantation or Territory, or to any other in ^h, P s

tish Island or Colony, or to any of the said Settlements, Islands, ance ’

Colonies or Plantations, which have been surrendered to His Majesty's Arms during the present War, the Names and Occupations of every such Slave or Slaves (except domestic Slaves attend-

16 Geo. III.

Z

mg

338

A.D. 1800.

C.S?,

46° GEO. III.

Certificate by Officer without Fee.

False Description, &c.

ing on the Person of any Passenger or Passengers on board, not exceeding in Number Two such Slaves for every Passenger on board) shall be inserted in or indorsed upon the Clearance or Permit to depart of such Ship or Vessel, by or in the Presence of the Collector, Comptroller or other chief Officer of the Customs of the Port or Place from which such Ship or Vessel shall clear outwards on any such Voyage, who shall without Fee or Reward certify under his Hand that the Slave or Slaves so embarked or carried were reported and described to him as Seamen, Fishermen or domestic Servants, as the Case may be; and if any Slave or Slaves shall be found on board any Ship or Vessel, bound on any such Voyage as aforesaid, whose Name and Description, Names and Descriptions, shall not be inserted in or indorsed upon the Clearance or Permit, and certified as aforesaid (except as aforesaid,) or who shall be untruly or fraudulently therein or thereupon described with Intent to violate or elude any of the Prohibitions or Regulations in this Act contained, all and every such Slave or Slaves shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted as hereinafter is mentioned and provided; and the Master or other Person having the Charge of such Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be so embarked and carried without such Certificate as aforesaid, and the Owner, Master or other Person by whom or by whose Procurement such Slave or Slaves shall be so untruly and fraudulently described with such Intent as aforesaid, shall respectively forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds lawful Money aforesaid for every such Slave or Slaves, to be recovered and applied as Exception as to hereinafter is mentioned and provided:Provided also, that nothing Slaves employed in this Act contained shall be construed or taken to prevent any g}ave or Slaves from being put on board any Ship or Vessel by the Order of His Majesty's Commander in Chief, either by Sea or Land, in any Island, Colony, Plantation or Territory belonging to or under the Dominion of His Majesty, in order to be employed in His Majesty's Military or Naval Service, and from being by such Order so employed howsoever or wheresoever the said Service may require; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding. [See to sending Slaves from one Colony

to another, 59 G. 3. c. 120. §11.]

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted, .That the granting of Licences, and every other Act which the Governor of any Island, Colony, Plantation or Territory belonging to or under the Dominion of His Majesty, is by this Act directed or authorized to do or perform, may be lawfully done or performed by the Person or Persons executing pro tempore the Office or Function of Governor of any such Island, Colony, Plantation or Territory, by Authority from His Majesty, whether under the Style and Title of Governor, Lieutenant Governor, President of the Council, or under any other Style or Title whatsoever.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time hereafter the said Settlements, Islands, Colonies or Plantations on the Continent of America, or in the West, which have been surrendered to His Majesty's Arms during the present War, or any or either of them, shall be reconquered by any of His Majesty's Enemies, or shall, pursuant to any future Treaty ot Peace or otherwise, cease to be under the Dominion, or in the Possession of His

Majesty,

[Penalty.]

in Naval or Military Service.

Governors tempore may actin Execution of this Act.

Colonies surrendered during the War, if reconquered or restored, deemed Foreign Colonies.

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 5c2.

339

Majesty, His Heirs or Successors* then and from thenceforth the said Settlements, Islands, Colonies or Plantations, or such of them as shall be so reconquered, or pass from His Majesty's Dominion and Possession, shall for all the Purposes of this Act be deemed and taken to be Settlements, Islands, Colonies or Plantations belonging to and under the Dominion of a Foreign Sovereign, State or Power, as fully as if they had been within that Description at the Time of passing this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Penury.

That if any Person taking any Oath by this Act authorized or required to be taken, shall thereby commit wilful Perjury, or if any Person shall unlawfully procure or suborn any Person to take any

Oath by this Act authorized or required to be taken, whereby such Person shall commit wilful Perjury, every such Person shall incur and suffer the like Pains and Penalties as are by Law inflicted upon Persons committing wilful and corrupt Perjury or Subornation of Perjury respectively.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the several pecuniary Recovery and Penalties or Forfeitures imposed and inflicted by this Act, or by Application of the said Order in Council, shall and may be sued for, prosecuted Penalties, and recovered in any Court of Record in Great Britain, or in any

Court of Record or Vice Admiralty in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions wherein the Offence was committed, or in case the Offender shall be resident in any other Place, then in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions wherein such Offender may be found; and that in all Cases of Seizures of any Ships, Vessels, Slaves,

Goods or Effects for any Forfeiture under this Act, or under the said Order in Council, the same shall and may respectively be sued for, prosecuted and recovered in any Court of Record in Great Britain, or in any Court of Record or Vice Admiralty in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions in or nearest to which such Seizures may be made, or to which such Ships or Vessels, Slaves, Goods or Effects (if seized at Sea, or without the Limits of any British Jurisdiction) may most conveniently be carried for Trial; and all the said Penalties and Forfeitures, whether pecuniary or specific, shall go and belong to such Person and Persons, in such Shares and Proportions, and shall and may be sued for and prosecuted, tried, recovered, distributed and applied in such and the like Manner, and by the same Ways and Means, and subject to the same Rules and Directions as any Penalties or Forfeitures incurred in Great Britain and in the British Colonies or Plantations in America respectively, by force of any Act of Parliament relating to the Trade and Revenues of the said British Colonies or Plantations in America, now go and belong to, and may now be sued for, prosecuted, tried, recovered, distributed and applied respectively in Great Britain, or in the said Colonies or Plantations respectively, under and by virtue of a certain Act of Parliament made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting certain Duties in 4 G. 3. the British Colonies and Plantations in America, for continuing, amending and making perpetual an Act passed the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, (

‘ An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of His Majesty sSugar Colonies in America; ’ for applying the Produce

of such Duties, and of the Duties to arise by virtue of the said Act,

Z 2 towards

340

C. 52.

46° GEa hi.

A.D. 180G.

Ships may be seized and prosecuted by Officers of Customs, Excise or Navy

In Actions for executing Act.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

towards defraying the Expences of protecting and secur-

ing the said Colonies and Plantations; for explaining an Act made in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the,

(intituled 1 An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and (Eastland Trades, and for the better securing the Plantation < Trade; ’) and for altering and disallowing several Drawbacks on Exports from this Kingdom, and more effectually preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Goods to and from the said Colonies and Plantations, and improving and securing the Trade between the same and Great Britain. [See Limitation of,

53 G.3. c. 112.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Ships and Vessels,

Slaves, Goods and Effects that shall or may become forfeited for any Offence committed against this Act, or against the said Order in Council, shall and may be seized by any Officer of His Majesty's Customs or Excise, or by the Commanders or Officers of any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, who, in making and prosecuting any such Seizures, shall have the Benefit of all the Provisions made by the said Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, or any other Act of Parliament for the Protection of Officers seizing and prosecuting for any Offence against the said Act, or any other Act of Parliament relating to the Trade and Revenues of the British Colonies or Plantations in . [Go-

vernors 8$c. of Forts in Africa may seize Ships, , fyc. c. 51 G. 3. c. 23.

§8.]

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced either in Great Britain or elsewhere, against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or of the said Order in Council, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, or the said Order in Council as herein recited, and the special Matter, in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act, or of the said Order in Council; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as Defendants have in other Cases by Law.

[See further, c. 119. post. — 47 G. 3. 1. c. 36. — Certain

Importations of Slaves into South America rendered valid and Prosecutions annulled, 58 G. 3. 49. § 1. — 59 G. 3. 12.

§11.]

46° GEO. III. C. 53, 54.

A.D. 1806.

41

CAP. LIII.

An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been con- G.s.

cerned in advising, issuing or carrying into Execution any c-Order or Orders for permitting the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms, into and out of His Majesty's West India Islands, and the Colonies, Settlements and Territories which have been conquered by His Majesty's Arms.

[23d 1806.1

CAP. LIV.

An Act for the more speedy Trial of Offences committed in distant Parts upon the Sea.

[23d May 1806.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty 28H.8. c. 15.

VV eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, it is enacted, That all Treasons, Felonies, Robberies, Murders and Confederacies, committed on the Sea, shall be enquired of, tried and determined, according to the common Course of the Laws of this Land used for such Offences upon the Land within this Realm: And Whereas by another Act of Parliament, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled n & 12 W. 3.

An Act for the more effectual Suppression, it is enacted, c. 7. § 1.

that all Piracies, Felonies and Robberies, committed on the Sea,

or in any Haven, River, Creek or Place, where the Admiral or Admirals have Power, Authority or Jurisdiction, may be examined, enquired of, tried, heard, and determined and adjudged,

4 in any Place at Sea, or upon the Land, in any of His Majesty's Islands, Plantations, Colonies, Dominions, Forts or Factories, to be appointed for that Purpose by the King’s Commission, in the Manner therein directed, and according to the Rules of the Civil Law: And Whereas Treasons, Murders and divers other Felonies and Misdemeanours, not mentioned in the said Statute of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King William the Third,

cannot be tried by virtue of any Commission directed under that Act, but the Persons committing, or charged with having committed the same upon the Seas in or near the East or West Indies, and in Places very remote, can only be brought to Trial

by sending them to England to be tried within this Realm, under the Commission directed by the said Statute of the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth; whereby not only great Charges and Expences are incurred, but Offenders do oftentimes escape unpunished by reason of the Delay and Difficulties attending such Prosecutions: For Remedy whereof,

and in Order that One uniform Course of Trial may be had for

all Treasons, Piracies, Felonies, ' Robberies, Murders, Conspir-

acies and other Offences committed upon the Seas Be it

enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

Authority of the same, That all Treasons, Piracies, Felonies, Rob- Offences, com-

beries, Murders, Conspiracies and other Offences of what Nature fitted on the

or Kind soever, committed upon the Sea, or in any Haven, River, Sea, &c. may

Creek or Place, where the Admiral or Admirals have Power, Au- ofmeM^est^’a

Z 3 thority J *

342

C. 54, SS.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Islands, &c. by virtue of the King’s Commission under the Great Seal; and Commissioners shall have Powers as under 28 H. 8. c. 15.

Treasury of Ireland (with

thority or Jurisdiction, may be enquired of, tried, heard, determined and adjudged, according to the common Course of the Laws of this Realm used for Offences committed upon the Land within this Realm, and not otherwise, in any of His Majesty's Islands, Plantations, Colonies, Dominions, Forts or ^Factories, under and by virtue of the King’s Commission or Commissions under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to be directed to any such Four or more discreet Persons as the Lord Chancellor of Great, Lord

Keeper or Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, shall from time to time think fit to appoint; and that the said Commissioners so to be appointed, or any Three of them, shall have such and the like Powers and Authorities for the Trial of all such Murders, Treasons, Piracies, Felonies, Robberies, Conspiracies and other Offences, within any such Island, Plantation, Colony, Dominion, Fort or Factory, as any Commissioners appointed or to be appointed according to the Directions of the said Statute of the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, by any Law or Laws now in force, have or would have for the Trial of the said Offences within this Realm; and that all Persons convicted of any of the said Offences, so to be tried' by virtue of any Commission to be made according to the Directions of this Act, shall be subject and liable to, and shall suffer all such and the same Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as by any Law or Laws now in force, Persons convicted of the same respectively would be subject and liable to in case the same were respectively inquired of, tried, heard, determined and adjudged, within this Realm, by virtue of any Commission made according to the Directions of the said Statute of the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

[As to the Punishment of Murder, &c. committed in Places not •within His Majesty's Dominion, see G. 3. c. 53. — As to Offences committed in the Settlement at, 59 G. 3. c. 44. — The Provisions of this Act extended as therein mentioned, 59 G. 3. c. 97.]

CAP. LV.

An Act to provide for the Payment, at the Bank of,

of the Interest on certain Debentures now payable at the Exchequer of Ireland sand also for altering the Days of Payment of the Interest or Dividends on certain Annuities in Ireland.

[9th June 180b.]

‘ "YY WHEREAS it is expedient to provide for the Payment at the Bank of Ireland of the Interest on the Debentures hereinafter mentioned, and also for the Payment of the Interest or Dividends on the Annuities hereinafter mentioned, at the Days and Times hereinafter specified Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if at any Time after the passing of this Act, it shall appear expedient to the Lord High Treasurer of or to

A.D. 1806.

46Q. GEO. III. C. 55.

348

the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer Consent of Lord of Ireland, or any Three or more of them, that the Interest on Lieutenant) Debentures and Annuities for Years, and Annuities for Lives, or j^grgg^the any of them, now payable at the Exchequer of should be Debentures, &c<

paid and payable at the Bank of Ireland, it shall be lawful for the

now payable at

said Lord High Treasurer, or for the said Commissioners, or any the Exchequer Three or more of them, and he and they is and are hereby em- to be payable at powered, by and with the Consent of the Lord Lieutenant, or other the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the time being, to give such Orders and Directions in that respect, as shall appear necessary for the Payment of the Interest on such Debentures and Annuities for Years, and Annuities for Lives, at the Bank of Ireland; any Act or Acts, or any Usage or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time after the Irish Treasury passing of this Act, it shall appear expedient to the said Lord may ak? order High Treasurer, or to the said Commissioners, or any Three or

more of them, that the Interest or Dividends now payable at the nuities to be Bank of Ireland, for and in respect of the Consolidated Annuities paid at the same of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, and Periods as the Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, and Five Pounds Centum Interest on De-per Annum, transferable at the Bank of Ireland, shall be paid and r^t oAhe payable at the said Bank of Ireland, at the same Periods, and on proprietors. 6 the same Days on which the Interest of the respective Debentures of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, and Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, are now payable, it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer, or for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the time being, and with the Consent of the Proprietors of the said Annuities, to give such Orders and Directions in that respect as shall appear necessary for the Payment of the said Interest and Dividends accordingly, any Act or Acts, or any Usage or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; taking Care that the Holders of such Annuities, the Time of the Payment of the Interest or Dividends whereon shall be so altered, shall receive One Quarter’s Interest or Dividend thereon, when the same shall become due next after such Alteration, and that the Interest and Dividends on such Annuities shall be paid and payable Half Yearly ever afterwards, that is to say, on the same Day on which the corresponding Rate of Interest on Debentures shall be payable, as now established by Law.

III. And be it further enacted, That such Proprietors of the said Dissent to be respective Annuities as shall not, on or before the Twenty fourth slSnifie^ before Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six, signify their June 24>180ff* Dissent to the said Alteration of the Times for the Payment of the

Interest or Dividends on the said Annuities, in Books to be opened at the Bank of Ireland, for that Purpose, shall be deemed and taken to assent thereto; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Auditor General, the Auditor Clerk of the Pells, the Teller of the Exchequer, and the Governor General, &c. to and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and all other Persons, when execute Orders

Z 4. thereto Treasury.

344

G.55 — 58.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

14 & 15 Car. c. 8. §1. (I.)

($ 4?.)

thereto required, shall execute such Orders as may be given by the said Lord High Treasurer of, or by the said Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of them, in the Execution of this Act, and of any of the Matters therein contained, as if such Orders were herein expressed and particularly enacted.

CAP. LVI.

An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament for continuing and amending several Acts for regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirituous Liquors distilled in Ireland, and the Warehousing of such Spirits for Exportation. (a) [9th June 1806.] (a) [45 G.3. c. 104, which is hereby continued until 29tk September 1806; but no further Continuation . See

c. 88. §49. 17. post.']

CAP. LVII.

An Act to amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament; for the Collection of the Malt Duties in and

regulating the Trade of a Maltster.

[9th June 1806.]

[Repealed, 53 G. 3. c. 74. § 1.]

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for establishing certain Regulations in the Collection and Management of His Majesty's Revenues of Customs, Excise and Taxes, in Ireland, [9th June 1806 ]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of, in

* the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King

* Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the settling of the Excise

or New Impost upon His MajestyHeirs and,

according to the Book of Rates therein inserted, the several Rates

* and Charges in the said Act mentioned, in and by the Name of Excise or New Impost were set, layed and imposed, to be had,

levied, demanded, collected, received, recovered and paid,

throughout Ireland, upon Commodities, Merchandize and Manu-

* factures, as well Native as imported or Foreign, in Manner and

* Form in the said Act mentioned, and according to a Book of

* Rates and Value of Goods and Merchandize imported, in the

* said Act contained; and for the more regular and orderly put-

* ting in Execution the said recited Act, it was by the said recited Act among other Things enacted, that an Office should be constituted and erected in the City of Dublin, to be called and

known by the Name of The Office of Excise or New Impost, and to be managed and governed by Commissioners not exceeding

* Five in Number; and the Commissioners thereof, and their Subordinate Commissioners or Sub Commissioners and Collectors,

* were by the said recited Act empowered and required to hear < and determine all Offences and Breaches of the Clauses and Articles in the said Act contained, and to do certain other 4Matters and Things in the said Act mentioned; and it was in

* and by the said recited Act provided, that in Cases therein

‘ mentioned,

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 58.

* mentioned, certain Commissioners of Appeals in the said Act ‘ mentioned should receive Appeals from Parties grieved by Pro-‘ ceedings under the said Act, and also should hear and determine ‘ such Appeals in; Manner as by the said Act is mentioned and ‘ directed: And Whereas by another Act made in the Parliament (§ 51. 54.)

‘ of Ireland, in the said Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His

‘ said late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for 14 & 15 Car. 2. ‘ settling the Subsidie of Poundage, and granting a Subsidie of c. 9. §1. (I.)

‘ Tonnage, and other Sums of Money, unto His Royal Majestie,

‘ His Heirs and Successors, the same to be paid upon -

‘ dizes imported and exported into or out of the Kingdom Ireland,

‘ according to a Book of Rates hereunto, it was enacted,

‘ that the Rates mentioned and expressed in a Book of Rates to ‘ the said Act annexed, should be the Rates according to which ‘ all Goods and Merchandize of every Merchant, natural born ‘Subject, Denizens and Aliens, to be brought into all or any ‘ Part of Ireland, or carried out of the same, should pay a certain ‘ Subsidy of Poundage; and that certain other Subsidies, in the ‘ said Act mentioned, should be levied and paid in Manner as in the said Act is mentioned; and it is also by the said last recited

* Act further enacted, that the Defaults of such as should attempt ‘ to do any thing contrary to the Tenor of the said Act, or of the Rules, Orders and Directions, to the said Act annexed,

‘ should be heard, enquired of, and determined by the Barons of ‘ His Majesty's Court of Exchequer; and it is also by the Rules,

‘ Orders and Directions to the said Act annexed (among other ‘ Things) directed that the Commissioners of the Customs should

* not at any Time be more than Seven, or less than Five in Num-

‘ ber: And Whereas since the passing of the said hereinbefore (§ 14.)

‘ recited Acts, divers Rates and Duties upon the Importation and ‘ Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, into and from

* Ireland, and upon certain Articles, Matters and Things, have (Rule, 47.)

‘ from time to time been granted and charged by divers Acts of

‘ Parliament in lieu and full Satisfaction of the Imposts, Subsidies,

‘ Customs, Duties, Rates and Charges, under the said herein-‘ before recited Acts; and Divers Inland Duties of Excise and ‘ Taxes in Ireland have also been from time to time granted ‘ and charged by divers Acts of Parliament for, upon and in respect of several Articles, Matters and Things, in the said Acts ‘ mentioned, certain of which Acts of Parliament are now in ‘ force; and it is by the said Acts now in force respectively ‘ enacted, that the said Rates and Duties on the Importatation ‘ and Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, imported ‘ and exported, and the said Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes,

‘ payable under or by virtue of the said Acts respectively, shall be ‘ in lieu and full Satisfaction of all former Customs, Subsidies and ‘ Duties and Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes payable in ‘ land, (except as in the said Acts respectively is mentioned) , and

‘ that the said Rates and Duties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize,

‘ imported and exported, and the said Inland Duties of Excise ‘ and Taxes, shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, under the ‘ Powers and Authorities, Rules and Directions, Penalties and ‘ Forfeitures, appointed, directed and expressed, by the said here-‘ inbefore recited Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of

‘ His

346

C. 58.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

His Majesty, &c. empowered to appoint Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes.

4 His late Majesty King Charles the Second, for settling the Excise or New Impost upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors,

or by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Revenue of Customs and Excise, or either of them, with like Remedy of Appeal as in and by the said last recited Act is provided: And Whereas, for many Years past, the Commissioners of Excise and the Commissioners of Customs have been from time to time appointed by One Commission under the Great Seal of Ireland, and have acted under the said Commission in the Management and Collection of the several Rates and Duties payable on the Importation or Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize into and from Ireland, and of the several Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes payable in Ireland, and the Drawbacks, Bounties and Allowances in respect thereof: And 4 Whereas by reason of the great Increase of the said Rates,

4 Duties and Taxes, and of the many and various Acts, Matters and Things, required to be done by the said Commissioners of Excise and Commissioners of Customs under and by virtue of the several Laws in force in Ireland, it may be expedient, for the better and more easy and effectual Government, Management and Collection of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, and for the better Performance of the Duties of the Offices of the said Commissioners respectively, that all Rates and Duties imposed upon the Importation or Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, into or from Ireland, and also all Rates and Duties on Entries inwards and outwards, and on Ships and Vessels trading to or from Ireland, and also all Drawbacks, Bounties and Allowances on the Exportation or Importation into or from Ireland, of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, should be managed and governed by Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties; and that all internal Duties and Taxes whatsoever payable in Ireland, and all Quit, Crown and Composition Rents, and all Rents and Revenues whatever payable to His Majesty, 4 His Heirs or Successors, in Ireland, (other than and except the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland, and on the Portage and Conveyance of Letters in Ireland, or about the Collection or Management whereof any Provisions have been or shall be specially made by Parliament) 4 should be managed and governed by Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, by the Direction of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to appoint from time to time, under the Great Seal of Ireland, certain Persons not exceeding Seven, nor being less than Five in Number, to be Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland; and also to appoint certain other Persons, not exceeding Seven, nor being less than Five in Number, to be Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; to have and to hold their respective Offices during their good Behaviour respectivelya or during His Majesty's Pleasure

only,

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 58.

347

only, as to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall seem fitting: And that, from and immediately after such Appointment, all such Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, in the Exercise of such their Commissions, shall have and enjoy with respect to the Collection and Management of the several Imposts and Duties so to be managed and governed by them, the Power of appointing Sub Commissioners, and all such other Powers and Authorities as'are given to or are vested in the Commissioners mentioned in the said recited Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, for the settling the Excise or New Impost upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with respect to the Duties under their Governance or Management: And that such Commissioners of Customs and Port Commissioners, Duties, or the major Part of them, in the Exercise of their Com- as well of Cus-missions, and such Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, toms as Excise, or the major Part of them, in the Exercise of their Commissions, ?ow~

shall respectively have and enjoy all such Powers and Authorities Commissioners as are given to or are vested in the Commissioners, or the major of Excise by Part of them, mentioned in the said last recited Act, by virtue of 14 & 15 C. 2. the said recited Act, or by virtue of any other Act or Acts in c., 8. (I) , force in Ireland; as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the said Powers and Authorities were expressly repeated and re-enacted in this Act: And that all Acts,

Matters and Things, relating to the Duties of Customs or Excise, or Taxes, which, by any Act or Acts in force in, are

required to be done or performed by or under the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners mentioned in the said last recited Act, shall and may be ip like Manner done and performed by or under the Jurisdiction of such Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or such Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, so to be appointed respectively, as the Case may require, under this Act; and that all Persons whatever shall be subject and liable to the same Pains and Penalties for doing or omitting to do any Act,

Matter or Thing, relating to or in any wise concerning the Payment or Collection of such Duties respectively, as they would have been subject and liable to for doing or omitting to do the same Acts, Matters and Things respectively, relative to the Duties placed under the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners mentioned in the said last recited Act by virtue of the said Act, or by virtue of any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland: Provided always, that nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter or repeal either of the said recited Acts, or any other Law now in force in Ireland, except so far as the same are or is expressly altered by this Act. [As to Entries of, see

49 G. 3. c. 116. §60

II. And Whereas, in and by divers Acts of Parliament in ‘ force in Ireland, for the better collecting, regulating and managing the Revenue of Customs and Excise, and for avoiding Frauds ‘ therein, divers Powers and Authorities are given to certain ‘ Persons under the Names and Descriptions of Commissioners of the Revenue, Commissioners of Customs and Commissioners of ‘ Excise, and also to certain Persons under the Name and De- scription of Officers of the Revenue, Officers of the Customs and _ .

‘ Officers of the Excise Be it enacted, That it shall and may be law- of° c^toms

ful

348

and Officers empowered to act respecting Goods imported, Duties of Customs, and all Matters relating to Shipping, &c. as required to be done by Commissioners of Revenue; under former Acts in Ireland.

Commissioners of Excise and their Officers empowered to do all such Acts respecting Excise and Taxes.

Proceedings of Commissioners, &c. subject to Appeal under 14 &15 Car. 2. c. 8. §54. (I.)

C. 58. 46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

ful for the Commissioners of the Customs and Port Duties, so to be appointed in Manner hereinbefore mentioned, and for any Sub Commissioners, Collectors, Clerks and other Officers acting under them, to do and perform all such Acts, Matters and Things respectively, relating to Goods, Wares and Merchandize, imported, exported or carried Coastwise, and to such Importation, Exportation or Conveyance of the same, and to the Rates and Duties, Drawbacks, Bounties and Allowances thereon; and all such Matters and Things relating to Shipping and Navigation, and to the registering of Ships, and relating to the lading or discharging of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, into and out of Shipping in the several Ports of Ireland; and relating to the Importation, Exportation, or carrying coastwise of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and to the warehousing the same, and delivering the same out of Warehouse in Ireland; as by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland are required or authorized to be done with respect to such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and to the Importation, Exportation and Conveyance of the same, and the Rates, Duties, Drawbacks, Bounties and Allowances thereon, or with respect to the other Matters and Things before mentioned, by the Commissioners of Customs, Commissioners of Excise or Commissioners of Revenue, or by any of them respectively, or by any Sub Commissioners, Collectors or other Officers in the said Acts mentioned: And that it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, so to be appointed in Manner hereinbefore mentioned, and any Sub Commissioners, Collectors, Clerks and other Officers acting under them, to do and perform respectively all such Acts, Matters and Things, relating to Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland, committed to their Care and Management, as by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland are required to be done, with respect to the said Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes, or any of them, by the Commissioners of Excise, Commissioners of Customs or Commissioners of the Revenue, or by any of them respectively, or by any Sub Commissioners, Collectors or other Officers, in the said Acts mentioned, or any of them. [See further, 49 G.3. 116. §6.]

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Proceedings of Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, so to be appointed respectively, and of the Sub Commissioners, Collectors or other Officers acting under them respectively, shall be subject to Appeal, to be heard and determined by the Commissioners of Appeals mentioned in the said recited Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, for settling the Excise or New Impost upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and that the Commissioners of Appeals, in the said last recited Act mentioned, shall have all such Powers and Authorities for the receiving, hearing and determining all Appeals from Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or from Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, so to be appointed respectively, or from their Sub Commissioners, Collectors or other Officers respectively, as the said Commissioners of Appeals now have and are possessed of by virtue of the said last recited Act, or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, respecting Appeals to be made to them, unde£

or by virtue of the said Acts, or any of them.

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 58, 59.

349

IV. And be it declared and enacted, That so much and such

Part of the said recited Act, of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, for settling the Subsidy of Poundage, and granting a Subsidy of Tonnage and other Sums of Money unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon Merchandizes imported and exported, as directs that the Defaults of such as shall attempt to do any thing contrary to the Tenor of the said Act, shall be heard, enquired of and determined by the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland, shall extend and be construed to extend to all such

Duties, Matters and Things, as shall be committed to the Care and Management of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, and to all Defaults relating thereto; and that nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal any Part of the said last recited Act, so far as the same relates to such Duties, Matters and Things, as shall be committed to the Care and Management of Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties so to be appointed, nor to repeal or alter any of the Rules, Orders or Regulations, in the said Act contained, except so far as the same maybe incompatible with the Provisions of this Act; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Doubt

or Difficulty shall hereafter arise, whether any Matter or Thing to be done respecting His Majesty's Revenue of Customs, Excise or Taxes in Ireland respectively, or either of them, or any other Matter or Thing which by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland is or shall be directed to be done and performed by Commissioners of the Customs, Commissioners of Excise or Commissioners of the Revenue, their Sub Commissioners or other Officers respectively, ought, by virtue of any Commission or Commissions, to be granted under this Act, to be done by Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or by Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or by their Sub Commissioners or other Officers respectively; it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer of,

or for the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, to determine and to declare and order, in Writing under the Hand of such Lord High Treasurer, or the Hands of any Three of the said Commissioners for executing the Office of such Lord High Treasurer for the time being, whether such Matter or Thing shall be done and performed by such Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or by such Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or by their respective Sub Commissioners or other Officers; and that every such Matter and Thing shall accordingly be done and performed by such Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or by such Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or by their Sub Commissioners or other Officers respectively, pursuant to such Order of the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners for executing the Office of the said Lord High Treasurer, in that Behalf to be made in Manner aforesaid.

CAP. LIX.

An Act to regulate the Packing of Butter in Ireland for Sale or Exportation.

[9th 1806.]

[Repealed, 52 G. 3. c. 134.]

Jurisdiction of

Exchequer

under

14 & 15 C. 2. c. 9. § 14. (I.) extended to Excise Duties, &c.

In case of Dispute as to Jurisdiction of Commissioners Treasury to make Order therein.

350

C. 60.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

29 G. 2 (10

CAP. LX.

An Act for amending an Act passed in, in the Twenty

ninth Year of King George the Second, intituled An Act

for amending and making more effectual the several Laws relating to the First Fruits 'payable out of Ecclesiastical Benefces in this Kingdom; and for the better Regidation and Management of the charitable Bequest of Doctor Hugh Boulter, late Lord Archbishop of Armagh, for augmenting the Maintenance of Poor Clergy this, so far

only as relates to the said charitable Bequest.

[9th June 1806.]

. c. 18. 4YY WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland

* in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for amending and making more effectual the several Laws relating to the First Fruits payable out of Ecclesiastical Ben fees in this Kingdom; and for the better Regulation and Management of the charitable Bequest of Doctor Hugh Boulter, late Lord Archbishop of Armagh,

augmenting the Maintenance of Poor Clergy in this Kingdom; 4 it is amongst other Things enacted, that it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees and Commissioners of the First Fruits in Ireland, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from

and after the Time the Certificate shall be returned to them, and entered, subscribed and attested by the respective Archbishops and Bishops of every Diocese, in the Manner in the said Act 4 mentioned, to augment any Benefice or Living, or Appropriate or Impropriate Curacy, or the Maintenance of any Parson, 4 Vicar, Curate or Minister, which shall, in the Manner in the said Act mentioned, appear to them to be under the yearly Value of Sixty Pounds, by granting to the Incumbent of such Benefice or Living, or to such Parson, Vicar, Curate or Minister, such an annual Salary, to be paid out of the Monies so bequeathed, and to be placed out at Interest, as in the said Act mentioned, as that the Value so certified, together with such Augmentation so to be granted, shall not in the Whole exceed the Value of Sixty Pounds by the Year; and that such annual Salaries as the said Trustees shall so grant, pursuant to the said Act, may be granted to the Incumbents of such Benefices or Livings, and such Parsons, Vicars, Curates or Ministers, and their Successors, until such Time as convenient Purchases can be had and made of Glebes or Tythes, or both, to be conveyed to them, pursuant to the Will of the most Reverend Father in God Doctor Hugh Boulter, late Lord Archbishop of, in the said Act mentioned, or until the Value of such Benefices or Maintenance shall be increased to the said Value of Sixty Pounds by the Year, by the said Trustees or otherwise: And Whereas the annual Interest of the said charitable Bequest of the said Doctor Hugh Boulter, in the said Act mentioned, will now afford an Increase of such Augmentation, and the benevolent Intentions of the said Testator, in the said Act mentioned, will be more effectually carried into Execution, by further augmenting the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy in Ireland out of the annual Produce of the

said

Ad, ).-1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 60, 61.

351

‘ said charitable Fund: May it therefore please Your Majesty r that it may be enactedAnd be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That whenever a Certificate shall be returned to the said Trustees and Commissioners, drawn up, prepared, signed and sealed in the Manner and pursuant to the Regulations and Directions in the said Act mentioned, respecting the Certificate of the yearly Value of such Benefice or Maintenance of such Minister, as the said Trustees and Commissioners are by the said Act authorized and empowered to augment to the yearly Sum of Sixty Pounds; and in case such Certificate shall certify, that the true and clear improved yearly Value of such Benefice, with Cure of Souls, Living or Curacy, Appropriate or Impropriate, and the true and clear improved yearly Value of the Maintenance of any Parson, Vicar, Curate and Minister, officiating in any such Church or Churches, Chapel or Chapels, as in the said recited Act is mentioned, shall be commonly reputed to be under the Sum of One hundred Pounds by the Year; and when such Certificate shall be entered, subscribed and attested, in the Manner in and by the said Act directed and appointed, respecting the Certificates of Value in the said Act mentioned, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees and Commissioners, or a Quorum of them, consisting of any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to augment any such Benefice or Living, or such Impropriate or Appropriate Curacy, or the Maintenance of any such Parson, Vicar, Curate or Minister, which shall so as aforesaid appear to them to be under the yearly Value of One hundred Pounds by the Year, by granting to the Incumbent of such Benefice or Living, or to such Parson, Vicar, Curate or Minister, such an annual Salary to be paid out of the Interest of the said charitable Fund so bequeathed by the said Doctor Boulter, as that the Value so certified, together with such Augmentation so to be granted, shall not in the Whole exceed the Value of One hundred Pounds by the Year; Provided always, that every such Augmentation, and all such augmented Benefices, Curacies and Maintenances, shall be and the same is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions, as the Augmentation of Benefices, Curacies and Maintenances to the Sum of Sixty Pounds by the Year, is by the said recited Act declared to be subject and liable to.

Trustees and Commissioners of First Fruits in Ireland may augment Livings to 1001. (instead of 601. under recited Act) which are certified to be under that Sum; out of the Interest of the charitable Fund of Dr. Hugh Boulter, Archbishop of Armagh.

CAP. LX I.

An Act to authorize certain Public Officers to send and receive Letters and Packets by the Post, free from the Duty of Postage.

[9th June 1806.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty second Year of 42 G.3. c. 63. ‘ the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to

‘ authorise the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets,

‘ Proceedings in Parliament, ayid printed Newspapers, by the,

1 free from the Duty of Postage, by the Members of the Two

‘ Houses

3 52

Certain Public Officers authorized to send and receive Letters and Packets free from Postage.

Treasury may authorize certain Officers to send Letters free, without Name of Post Town, &c.

C. 61, 62: 46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

* ' Houses of Parliament of the United, and by certain

4 Public Officers therein named; and for reducing the Postage on such Votes, Proceedings and Newspapers, when sent by any other Persons; certain Public Officers therein named are authorized ‘ to send and receive Letters and Packets by the Post, free from the Duty of Postage, in the United Kingdom, in the Manner and under the Restrictions therein mentioned: And Whereas it is expedient that certain other Public Officers should, in like Manner, send and receive Letters and Packets by the Post free from Postage Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Speaker of the House of Commons, the First Lord Commissioner of His Majesty's Treasury in Great Britain, the First Lord Commissioner of the Admiralty, the Chancellor of His Majesty's Exchequer in Great Britain, the Chancellor of His Majesty's Exchequer in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, the President of the Committee of Council appointed for the Consideration of Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, and the Assistant Secretary to Treasury in Great Britain, all for the time being, (a) to send and receive Letters and Packets by the Post, free from the Duty of Postage, within the United Kingdom, in the same Manner, and under such Restrictions as the several Public Officers are authorized by the Laws now in force to send and receive Letters and Packets free from Postage. (a) [Vice President

of the Board of Trade free, 57 G. 3. c. 66.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, for the Convenience of Public Business, by Writing under their Hands, to authorize that Letters and Packets directed by His Majesty's Postmaster General, the Secretary to the Postmaster General, the Secretaries to the Treasury, and the Assistant Secretary to the Treasury in Great Britain respectively for the time being, shall and may be sent by the Post, free from Postage, without the Name of the Post Town, and the Date of the Day, Month and Year, when sent, being superscribed thereon; any Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and six, certain Duties on the Importation, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of certain Sorts of Iron, Sugar and Tea into and from.

[13th June 1806.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the i Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the Supplies granted to Your Majesty, and for the Support of Your Majesty’s

4 Government,

46 GEO. III. C. 62.

3 53

A.D. 1806.

4 Government, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enactedAnd be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fourteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six, and during the Continuance of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, unto and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in ready Money (except as hereinafter is provided) , without any Discount whatever, upon the Importation of the several Sorts of Iron, Sugar and Tea, mentioned and set forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed marked (A) , imported into Ireland^the several Duties inserted, described and set forth in Figures in the said Schedule; and that there shall also be paid or allowed the several Drawbacks in respect of the said Duties as the same are also respectively inserted, described and set forth, in Figures in the said Schedule marked (A) , and in the Schedule marked (C); in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Duties and Drawbacks payable in Ireland upon the Importation and Exportation of Iron, Sugar and Tea, of the like Sorts under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland at the Time of the passing of this Act.

44 Said Duties shall be payable on such Goods which shall not 4£ have been entered before June14, 1806; and on Goods in w Warehouse at the Time of the passing this Act. § 2, 3.

IV. And Whereas it is expedient, pursuant to the Provisions of the Acts f<r the Union of Great Britain and, amt in

respect of the increased Duties hereby imposed on Brown or Muscovado Sugar imported into, increased counter-

vailing Duties should be charged on the several Sorts of refined Sugar, mentioned, described and set forth in the Table or Schedule hereunto annexed marked (B) , being the Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland, sufficient to countervail the said increased Duties on

Brown or Muscovado Sugar imported into Ireland; Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be charged on the several Sorts of refined Sugar, mentioned, set forth and described in the Table or Schedule marked (B) , the several countervailing Duties therein in Figures respectively inserted, described and set forth, in lieu and full Satisfaction of all countervailing Duties whatever, payable on such refined Sugar under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Belaud at the Time of the passing of this Act; and that upon the Exportation of any Article of like Denomination, being of the Growth, Product or Manufacture of Ireland to Great Britain, there shall be allowed and given a Drawback equal in Amount to the countervailing Duty on the like Article in the said Schedule, in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Drawbacks now allowed by Law on the same.

V. And Whereas it is expedient, on Account of the increased Duty by this Act imposed on Brown or Muscovado Sugar imported into Ireland, that increased Drawbacks and Bounties or Allowances should be paid on the Exportation from Ireland of 46 Geo. III. A a 4 Sugar

From June 14, 1806, the Duties mentioned in Schedule (A) , and the Drawbacks mentioned in Schedules (A) and (C) on Iron, Sugar and Tea, to be paid and allowed.

39 & 40 G.3. c. 67. Art. 6.

40 G. 3. c. 38.

(L)

The Countervailing Duties on refined Sugar imported from Great Britain mentioned in Schedule (B) to be paid;

and Drawbacks equal thereto allowed.

354

C. 62.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

On the Exportation of refined Sugar, &c. Bounties set forth in Schedule (C) to be allowed.

Treasury of Ireland authorized to suspend Payment of Part of the Duty on Sugar, in case the Price of Brown Sugar shall be below certain Sums herein mentioned.

Sugar of the British Plantations in the same State in which it was imported, and of all refined Sugar manufactured from such Sugar 6 on the Importation whereof the Duties imposed by this Act shall have been duly paid Be it therefore enacted, That there shall be paid and allowed on the Exportation from Ireland of any such refined Sugar the increased Drawbacks and Bounties or Allowances mentioned and set forth in the Schedule marked (C) , to this Act annexed, in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Drawbacks and Bounties or Allowances payable in Ireland, on the Exportation of refined Sugar under any former Act or Acts in force in Ireland at the Time of the passing of this Act: Provided always, that the Drawbacks and Bounties now payable by Law shall continue to be paid and allowed on all refined Sugar manufactured from raw Sugar, on the Importation whereof the Duties imposed by this Act shall not be paid; and that the increased Drawbacks and Bounties or Allowances by this Act granted shall not be paid or allowed on any refined Sugar unless it shall appear that the increased Duty by this Act imposed was paid on the raw Sugar from which such refined Sugar produced: Provided also, that such increased Drawbacks and Bounties or Allowances shall be paid and payable, and allowed and allowable in such Manner and under such Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Conditions, in all respects, as the Drawbacks and Bounties or Allowances on Exportation of refined Sugar from Irelan, are paid and payable, and allowed or allowable under and by virtue of the several Acts in force in Ireland, respecting such Drawbacks and Bounties or Allowances at the Time of the passing of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear by Notice published in the London Gazette, in Manner prescribed by Law in Great Britain, and published in the Dublin Gazette in Manner pre-

scribed by Law in Ireland, that the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar for the Six Weeks preceding the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six, or for the Two Months preceding the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and six, or for the Two Months preceding the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and six, or for the Four Months preceding the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of, and the Fifth Day of September respectively, in every succeeding Year, shall be below Forty nine Shillings the Hundred Weight, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in, or any Three

or more of them for the time being, and they are hereby authorized to suspend, until the Publication in the Dublin, as aforesaid, of the Average Prices of the succeeding Four Months, the Payment of the Sum of One Shilling in the Hundred Weight, Part of the Duty on Sugar by this Act granted; and if such Average Prices shall be below Forty eight Shillings, then of Two Shillings of the said Duty; and if such Average Prices shall be below Forty seven Shillings, then Three Shillings of such Duty, in case the whole Duty granted by this Act shall at such Days and Times respectively be payable under this Act, or any Act for continuing the same, and to continue any such Suspension if such Average Prices so published shall continue below such Sums of Forty nine Shillings, Forty eight Shillings and Forty seven Shillings the Hun-

46 0 GEO. III. C. 62.

A.D. 1806.

3S5

dred Weight respectively, or to alter the Amount of any such Suspension of Duty according to such Average Prices as aforesaid, and so from time to time so long as such Average Prices of such Sugar shall continue to be below such respective Prices the Hundred Weight as aforesaid, and to take off such Suspension when such Average Prices so published shall be above Forty nine Shillings the Hundred Weight, and again in like Manner to suspend the same; and every such Suspension, and also every Alteration or Termination of any such Suspension, shall be published Three Times in the Dublin Gazette immediately after every such Suspension, Alteration or Termination thereof.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all Cases Duties may be where the Whole or any Part of the Duties on the Importation of secured by any Goods, Wares or Merchandize into Ireland are permitted to Fond.

be secured by Bond or otherwise, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland at the Time of such Importation, the Duties by this Act granted or imposed may in like Manner, and under the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Conditions be permitted to be secured by Bond or otherwise.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Duties, Draw- Duties to be backs, Bounties and Allowances in this Act and the respective earned to Schedules hereunto annexed, specified, mentioned and contained, the Irish Con-shall be paid and payable and received and receivable in British solic*ated Fund. Currency, and that all the said Duties shall be carried to and

made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Iand that the said Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances and Bounties shall be paid and received upon the several Articles and Things in this Act and the respective Schedules hereunto annexed, specified, mentioned and contained, according to the Tale, Weight, Gauge, Measure or Value of the said Articles respectively specified, and also in Proportion upon any greater or less Number, Weight, Quantity, Measure or Value of such Articles, Matters and Things respectively.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Du- And to be ties and Drawbacks hereby granted and allowed, and all Penalties levied as other and Forfeitures in respect thereof, shall be raised, levied, collected Duties of Cus-and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in the same

Manner, and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such XClse *

Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and Directions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as are appointed, directed and expressed for the raising, collecting, levying, paying and managing of Duties and Drawbacks payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from, in and

by an Act of Parliament, made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and l4& l5Car. 2. Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, in- c. — (I.) tituled An Act for settling of the Excise Neiv Impost upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, according to the Boole of Rates

therein inserted, and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland

relating to the Revenue of Customs and Excise or either of them, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were herein expressed and enacted, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved as in and by the the said last mentioned Act, passed in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other Act or Acts as aforesaid is provided.

356

C. 62.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Act may be altered, &c. this Session.

[Continuance of Act.]

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

, SCHEDULE (A).

DUTIES payable on the Importation into Ireland of the Goods, Wares and Merchandize therein enumerated or described (n|iot being the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great) ,

and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the due Exportation thereof from Ireland, in lieu of Duties and Drawbacks on the like Articles under former Acts.

[This Schedule repealed, 54 . 3. c. 129. § 8.]

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be and continue in force until and upon the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and six, and no longer.

[Continued by various Acts, and last until 5th July 1815. —

54? G. 3. c. 81. § 1; but see Reference in the Note at Foot of Schedule (C).]

SCHEDULE (B).

COUNTERVAILING DUTIES payable on Refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Great Britain (in lieu of Countervailing Duties on the like Articles under former Acts) imported into

SUGAR REFINED.

For and upon every Cwt. containing 112 lbs.

Of all Sugar called Bastards, whole or ground -

....----Lumps -

----Single Loaf -

.__________ Powder, Loaf and Double Loaf

.---- — Sugar Candy, Brown -

__________White -

Sugar Refined of any other Sort -

Duty.

sB s»

1 10 0

2 16 3£

3 0 0 3 4? 5\

2 16 3

3 4? 5\ 3 4 5£

C. 62, 63, 64.

35 7

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III.

SCHEDULE (C).

TABLE of DRAWBACKS and BOUNTIES on certain Sugars to be allowed and paid in lieu of former Drawbacks and Bounties on the like Articles.

Prices of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, at which Drawbacks and Bounties are payable. Drawback tc be allowed on Sugar of the British Plantations in the same State in which it was imported, and Bounty on Refined Sugar, being ground or powdered Sugar. 2. 1 ! Bounty on Refined Sugar; called Bastards, or Re-finedLoafSu-gar broken in Pieces. 3. Bounty on other Refined Sugar in Loaf complete and whole, or Lump duly refined.

If the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, published in the London Sterling the Sterling the Sterling the

Gazette, shall not exceed 40s. Sterling Cwt. Cwt. Cwt.

the cwt. 33s. 0 d 37s. 6d. 60s. 0 d.

If it shall exceed 4-Os. and not exceed 45s. 31 6 37 6 57

If it shall exceed 45s. and not exceed 50s. 30 37 6 54

If it shall exceed 50s. and not exceed 58s. 30 30 51

If it shall exceed 58s. and not exceed 60s. 27 27 46 6

If i t shall exceed 60s. and not exceed 62s. 24 24 40 6

If it shall exceed 62s. and not exceed 64s. 21 21 36

If it shall exceed 64s. and not exceed 66s. 18 18 30

If it shall exceed 66s. and not exceed 68s. 15 15 25 6

If it shall exceed 68s. and not exceed 70s. 12 12 19 6

If it shall exceed 70s. - - Nothing. Nothing. Nothing.

[The Countervailing Duties in Schedule (B) and the Drawbacks in Schedule (C) appear to be, until altered or repealed by any other Act, 54? G. 3. c. 129. § 10.] Qy:Whether

repealed by 59 G. 3. c. 52.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act to repeal several Acts passed in the Forty third and

Forty fourth Years of His present Majesty (for raising (a) [43 G.3. and establishing an Additional Force in Ireland for the De- £ , 74-l 44 G#3‘ fence of the Realm.

[13th June 1806.] C *

CAP. LXIV.

An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper in Ireand to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof; and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland.

[13th June 1806.]

[Duties on Lottery Licences rep, c. 148. §31. post. — The Remainder of the Duties of this Act, 52 G. 3.

c. 87. § 1 iand the Act itself repealed, 52G. 3. c. 126. § 1.]

358

C. 65, 66, 67,

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

CAP. LXV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, during the present War, and until the Sixth Day of April next, after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain [on the Rates and Duties on Profits] arising from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices; and for repealing an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing certain Parts of an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices? and to consolidate and render more effectual the Provisions for collecting the said Duties.

[13th June 1806.]

[This Act is stated to have expired on the 5th Day of April 1816. — 56 G.3. c. 65. § 1 . — 59 G. 3. c. 135. § 9.]

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[20th June 1806.]

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt and Spirits made in.

[20th June 1806.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Com-

VV mons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies

to defray Your Majesty's Public Expences in, have freely

‘ and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Duties hereinafter mentioned, and do most humbly beseech

Your Majesty that it may be enactedAnd be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That within and through that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland there shall be raised, levied, collected, paid and satisfied, unto and to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the several Duties hereinafter mentioned; that is to say,

Malt in Store. For and upon every Barrel of Malt which shall have been or shall be in the Possession of any Person in Ireland on or after the Second Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six, and which shall have been charged or chargeable with the Duty payable thereon under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act, a Duty of One Shilling British Currency in Addition to the Duty with which the same shall have been so charged or chargeable:

21 For

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 67.

359

For and upon every Barrel of Malt, ground or unground, which, Maltmade after at any Time or Times from and after the said Second Day of 2d June 1806. June One thousand eight hundred and six, shall be made of Barley or any other Corn or Grain in, by any Person or

Persons whomsoever, whether the same shall be or shall not be for Sale, the Sum of Ten Shillings British Currency, and so proportionably for any greater or less Quantity; to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof respectively, in lieu of all Duty payable thereon under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act:

For and upon every Gallon of Aqua Vitse, Strong Waters or Spirits in Stock Spirits, made or distilled in Ireland, and not rectified, which 2(1 June shall have been or shall be in the Possession of any Distiller, 1806, Rectifier of Spirits, or Spirit Factor in, on or after the

said Second Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six, and which shall have been charged or chargeable with the Duty payable thereon under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediate^ before the passing of this Act, a Duty of One Penny British Currency in addition to the Duty with which such Spirits shall have been so charged or chargeable:

For and upon every Gallon of Aqua Vitae, Strong Waters or British Cur-Spirits, made or distilled in Ireland, and which, having been rency ware-warehoused in Ireland pursuant to Law, shall, at any Time after housed Spirits the said Second Day of June One thousand eight hundred and H^e°Con°r six, be taken out of Warehouse for Home Consumption in sunipt; on) after Ireland, the Sum of Four Shillings and One Penny British 2d June 1, 806. Currency, in lieu of all Duty of Excise on Spirits payable thereon under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act.

II. And Whereas it is expedient, pursuant to the Provisions of the Acts for the Union of Great Britain and, that in

respect of the increased and additional Duties by this Act imposed on Malt made in Ireland, increased countervailing Duties should be charged upon Beer or Ale and Spirits respectively made in Great Britain and imported from thence into,

sufficient to countervail the said increased and additional Duties on Malt in Ireland under this Act Be it therefore enacted,

That from and after the said Second Day of June One thousand Countervailing eight hundred and six, there shall be charged on all such Beer or Duties on Ale, and Spirits, the several countervailing Duties following, in Dntish Beer lieu and full Satisfaction of all countervailing Duties whatever or^J^to payable upon such Beer or Ale or Spirits, under or by virtue of Ireland, any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act; that is to say,

For and upon every Barrel of Beer or Ale containing Thirty two On Beer and Gallons, brewed or made in Great Britain and imported from Ale. thence into Ireland, the Sum. of Seven Shillings and Eight Pence Farthing British Currency, in lieu of all Duty payable

thereon under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act:

For and upon every Gallon of Spirits being of the Manufacture of On Spirits. Great Britain and imported from thence into, the Sum

of Five Shillings and Three Pence British Currency, in lieu of A a 4 all

360 .

C. 67.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Equivalent Drawbacks on Beer and Spirits from Ireland.

Drawback on Beer exported, except to Great Britain.

all Duty payable thereon under or by virtue of any ActdriAots^ in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act j: And that upon the Exportation from Ireland to of I

any Beer or Ale made or brewed in Ireland from Malt on which the Duties payable under this Act shall have been fully paid and satisfied, and on the Exportation from to Great Britain

ot Spirits distilled in Irelan, and which shall not have been warehoused in Ireland, there shall be respectively allowed and given a Drawback equal in Amount to the said countervailing Duty hereby granted on Beer or Ale, and Spirits, respectively made in Great Britain and imported from thence into in lieu of all Drawbacks payable under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act, in respect of such Beer or Ale, and Spirits, respectively exported from Ireland to Great Britain.

III. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid to every Person who shall export from Ireland (except to Great Britain) Strong Beer or Ale made or brewed in Ireland from Malt on which the Duties payable under this Act shall have been fully paid and satisfied, a Drawback or Allowance of Seven Shillings and Eight Pence Farthing for every Thirty two Gallons of such Strong Beer or Ale, in lieu of all Drawbacks or Allowances thereon, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Drawbacks or Allowances now payable by Law on Beer or Ale exported from Ireland to Great Britain or elsewhere, shall continue to be paid and allowed on all Beer or Ale so exported, having been made or brewed in Ireland from Malt on which the additional or increased Duty imposed by this Act shall not have been fully paid and satisfied; and that the increased Drawbacks and Allowances by this Act made payable shall not be paid or allowed on any Beer or Ale so exported, unless it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs in Ireland that the additional or increased Duty, by this Act imposed, was paid on the Malt for which such Beer or Ale was brewed or made.

Drawback on V. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall, Spirits exported from and after the passing of this Act, export to any Place (ex-except to Great cept to Great Britain) any Spirits made or distilled in,

Britain. and ^hch shall not have been warehoused in, shall be

entitled to and shall receive for every Gallon of such Spirits, as

and for a Drawback in respect of the whole Duty of Excise, as

well that on Spirits as on Malt, paid for in respect of the said Spirits, the several and respective Sums following; that is to say, of such Spirits as shall be of a Strength equal to Proof Spirits on any Hydrometer which shall be approved of by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of, the

Sum of Three Shillings and Ten Pence Halfpenny; and of such Spirits as shall be of a Strength not less than a Strength equal to Five Degrees or Ten per Centum over such Hydrometer Proof, the Sum of Four Shillings and Sixpence Halfpenny; and of such Spirits as shall be of a Strength not less than a Strength equal to Ten Degrees or Twenty per Centum over such Hydrometer Proof,

the

Increased Drawbacks payable on Beer only when brewed from Malt charged under this Act.

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 67. 561 d

the Sum of Five Shillings and Three Pence; and that if the Spirits so to be exported shall be of a greater Strength than Ten Degrees or Twenty per Centum over such Hydrometer Proof, there shall be paid for every Degree which the said Spirits shall exceed the Strength before mentioned a further Drawback after the Rate of Two Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of the Amount of such Drawback of Five Shillings and Three Pence, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity; and that the said Drawbacks shall be in lieu of all Drawbacks on such Spirits so exported under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That on the Exportation from Drawback on

Ireland of any Spirits made or distilled in, and which Spirits ware-

shall be or shall have been warehoused in at any Time housed after the

after the said Second Day of June under or by virtue of any Act 2d Day of or Acts in force in Ireland, there shall be paid and allowed a exported from Drawback of Ten Pence British Currency upon every Gallon of Ireland, lod. such Spirits, in respect of the Duty paid on the Malt used and per Gallon, consumed in the making of such Spirits, in lieu of all former Drawbacks in respect of the Duty paid on the Malt used and consumed

in the making of Spirits distilled and warehoused in Ireland and exported from thence.

VII. And in order to secure the additional Duties on Malt and Account of the

Spirits by this Act imposed, be it enacted, That any Officer or Stock of Malt Officers of Excise in Ireland shall and may take an Account of and Spirits the just and true Quantity of all Malt, whether ground or un- b^th^Excise ground, in the Possession of any Person in, and of all Officer and a

Spirits in the Stock, Custody or Possession of any Distiller or Return made Spirit Factor m Ireland, and of all Spirits not rectified in the to the Col-Stock, Custody or Possession of any Rectifier of Spirits in, lect°r of the

on or after the said Second Day of June One thousand eight Dl!>t:i'lct* hundred and six, on which the said additional Duties shall not

have been respectively charged, in such Manner as such Officer or Officers is or are now required by Law to take an Account of any Malt or Spirits, and shall make a Return or Report in Writing to the Collector of the District in which such Person shall reside, or in which his or her Malthouse or Stores shall be situated, of the just and true Quantity of all such Malt and Spirits, and of the Amount of the said Duties respectively paid or payable thereon over and above the Duty theretofore paid or payable thereon; and such Return or Report shall be a Charge on every such Person respectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons charged with Duties on such the said additional Duties on Malt and Spirits respectively shall, Malt to be within One Month from the Time they shall be charged therewith,

pay to the Collector of the District all such Duty as shall be due on" Removal from them respectively, for or on account of any such Duty, unless such Malt or Spirits shall be sooner removed, in which Case the said additional Duties shall be paid for all such Malt and Spirits respectively before the same shall be removed, and before any Permit for removing or conveying the same shall be granted.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all such Persons so having Default of Malt or Spirits in their Possession, who shall not within the Time Payment, aforesaid pay the Duty so charged on all such Malt or Spirits

respectively,

362

C. 67.

46° GEO. III.

A.D. 1806.

Double Duty and Penalty 20l.

Duties levied as other Revenues of Customs and Excise in Ireland.

Money carried to Consolidated Fund.

No Fees to Irish Treasury.

Act may be altered &c. this Session.

respectively, or shall remove any such Malt or Spirits without having paid or cleared the said additional Duty respectively* or in whose Stock Account kept by any Officer of Excise there shall appear to have been any Decrease of such Malt or Spirits without having obtained from the proper Officer a Permit or Permits authorizing the Removal of the Malt or Spirits so deficient, shall be liable to and shall pay Double the Amount of Duty chargeable on such Malt or Spirits respectively, and shall also forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each Offence.

X. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties and

Drawbacks by this Act granted and allowed, and all Penalties in respect thereof, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, sued for, recovered and applied, in the same Manner, and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and Directions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are appointed, directed and expressed for the raising, levying, collecting, paying and managing the Duties payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandize, in, in and by an

Act made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the settling of the Excise or Neiv Impost upon His, Heirs and Successors, according to the Book Rates therein or

in and by the several and respective Acts in force in Ireland for collecting and securing His Majesty's Revenue upon Malt, and for regulating the Trade of a Distiller, and for securing the Duties payable on Home made Spirits, and the Warehousing of such Spirits for Exportation; or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Revenue of Customs and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were herein expressed and enacted, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said recited Act of His said late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other Act or Acts as aforesaid, is provided.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising from the several Duties by this Act granted, the necessary Charges of collecting and paying the same being deducted, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

XII. And be it further enacted, That neither the Sum of Six-

pence per Pound, nor any other Fee, shall be payable to or be deducted or be received by any Officer or Officers of the Treasury of Ireland, for or on account of the issuing or Payment of any

Sum or Sums of Money arising by or which shall be received for or on account of the Aids hereby granted to His Majesty.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in the present Session of Parliament.

[The Duties and Regulations of this Act do not appear to be granted or enacted for any limited, the Act is therefore inserted; but by c. 120. §2., Act is continued until

<IQth September 1807, and no further Continuation .]

A.D. 180G.

46? GEO. III. C. 68, 69.

363

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fourth t)ay of June One thousand eight hundred and seven, and amend, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for appointing Commissioners to enquire and examine into any Irregularities and Abuses which might have taken place in conducting and managing the paving, cleansing and lighting the Streets of Dublin.

[20th June L8O6.3

[Repealed, 47 G.3. sess.2. c.cix. — 31501. to be paid to temporary Commissioners.]

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for making better Provision for Soldiers.

[20th June 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Provision should be made i for the securing to invalid, disabled and discharged ‘- Soldiers, such Pensions and Allowances as they may become

* entitled to by reason of their Service, or of their having become

* invalid or disabled; and that the same should be regulated and ‘ paid by or under the Management, Order, Superintendance and Direction of the Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted: and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, Pensions to the Payment of all Pensions, Allowances and Relief granted or Soldiers under to be granted to disabled, invalid or discharged Soldiers, shall be Q^lsi^os0^ under the Management, Controul and Direction of the Com- pi^sea °s" missioners for the time being of Chelsea Hospital.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, for the time of said Hospital being, to make such Orders, Rules and Regulations, and from may make time to time to alter the same, in relation to the Payment of any Orders> for Pensions, Allowances or Relief to any Soldiers entitled thereto, ^clTpensions and also as to any Certificates, Vouchers, Receipts or Orders for to’the better regulating, managing and making such Payments, and allowed by His to require such Proofs and Affidavits relating thereto, as may be Majesty, requisite for the ordering and securing the Payment of such Pensions, Allowances and Relief, either at Chelsea or at

Hospitals, or in any other Place where the same shall be payable to the Persons entitled thereto, as the Case may be: Provided Proviso, always, that every such Order or Regulation may from time to time be revoked or altered by any Warrant, Order or Instruction, under His Majesty's Royal Sign Manual. [so far

as relates to Kilmainham Hospital, 47 G. 3. sess. 2. c. 5.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Soldier who shall Soldiers

from and after the passing of this Act become entitled to his entitled to Discharge, by reason of the Expiration of any Period of Service such

fixed in any Orders and Regulations made by His Majesty in that tensions. Behalf, or shall have been discharged by reason of being an invalid, or disabled, or having been wounded, shall thereupon be-

come

C. 69.

364-

Regulations as to Discharge of Soldiers, &c. annually laid before Parliament.

Soldiers enlisted to remain entitled to Benefit of Orders, &c.

British or Irish Treasury may order Pensions to be paid by Receiver General of Land Tax, &c.

Assignments of Pensions void.

Personating Persons entitled to Pensions,

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

come legally entitled to receive such Pension, Allowance or Relief, as shall have been fixed in any Orders or Regulations made by His Majesty in relation to such Cases respectively, and in force at the Time of his Inlistment, and for the Payment whereof Money shall have been voted by Parliament; and every such Soldier may claim to be paid or receive the same under the Provisions of this Act, or any Rules or Regulations made in pursuance thereof by such Commissioners as aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Orders and Regulations from time to time made by His Majesty in relation to the Discharge of Soldiers after the Expiration of any Periods of Service, and also in relation to any Pension, Allowance or Relief to any discharged or invalid, disabled or wounded Soldiers, shall annually be laid before Parliament; and that Estimates of the Amount of all such Pensions, Allowances and Relief, and of all contingent Expences and Charges relating to the Payment, Controul and Management thereof, shall also be annually laid before Parliament.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Soldier enlisted under any such Orders or Regulations as aforesaid shall thenceforth remain entitled to all the Benefit of all the Provisions contained in all, such Orders and Regulations made by His Majesty as shall have been or were in force at the Time of his so enlisting, notwithstanding such Orders or Regulations may be thereafter altered, varied or annulled, and new Orders or Regul-r ations made in lieu thereof.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, to order and direct that any Pensions, Allowances and Relief so due as aforesaid, for the Payment whereof Money shall have been voted by Parliament, shall be paid by any Receiver General of the Land Tax, or Collector of the Cess in Scotland, or any Collector of Duties of Customs or Excise, or Collector of the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, out of any public Money in their Hands respectively; and that the Vouchers and Receipts for the Payments of such Money shall be taken as Cash in the-Accounts, and in Part of the Duties collected by such Receivers General or Collectors respectively; and all such Sums of Money so advanced under any such Rule or Regulation for any such Payment shall be repaid to the Account of the Duties out of which the same shall have been paid, in such Manner as the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Great Britain or

land respectively shall direct.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Assignments, Bargains, Sales, Orders, Contracts, Agreements or Securities what-, sover, which shall be given or made by any Person entitled to any such Pension, Allowance or Relief as aforesaid, for, upon or in respect of any such his Pension Allowance or Relief, shall be absolutely null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act if any Person shall willingly and knowingly personate or falsely assume the Name or Character of, or procure any other Person to personate or falsely to assume the Name or Character

of

C. 69.

A.D. 1soe

46° GEO. III.

M5

of any other Person entitled or supposed to be entitled to any Felony without such Pension, Allowance or Relief as aforesaid, in order to receive Clergy, the same or any Part thereof, every such Person so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall know- Foro.ino. ingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be pensioners’ forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or assist in Names, &c. forging and counterfeiting the Name or Hand Writing of any

Person entitled to any such Pension, Allowance or Relief, or of any Person or Persons required by any Rules or Regulations made under and by virtue of this Act to sign any Certificate, Voucher or Receipt, in relation to the Payment of any such Pension,

Allowance or Relief, for and in order to the receiving or obtaining

any Money on any such Pension, Allowance or Relief; or shall

utter any such, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited,

with an Intention to defraud any Person whatsoever, every such

Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be and

is hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and may Transportation,

be transported for Life, or for such Term of Years as the Court

shall adjudge.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any justices &c to

Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, or any Receiver General of enquire on Oath the Land Tax, Collector of the Cess in, Collector of the into Truth of

Customs or Collector of Excise, to enquire into the Truth of any Certificates Certificate or Voucher required by any such Rules or Regulations, produced by and produced to him by any Person claiming any Pension, Allow- ptl pensions?' ance or Relief under any such Certificate or Voucher, or any n&

Person acting for him, by the Oath or Affirmation of the Person producing the same, which Oath or Affirmation any such Justice of the Peace, or Magistrate, or Receiver General or Collector aforesaid, is hereby authorized and required to administer, and Upon being satisfied of the Truth of such Certificate or Voucher, to testify the same on the Back of such Certificate or Voucher; and every Person who shall in any such Oath or Affirmation wilfully and corruptly swear or affirm any Matter or Thing which Feijury. shall be false or untrue, every such Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as an}r Person convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury is by any Law now in force subject and liable to.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Orders, Certificates, Orders, &c. Vouchers and Receipts, for or relating to any such Pensions, Al- free from lowances or Relief as aforesaid, shall be free from all Duties of Stamps. Stamps, and be good, valid and effectual, although the same shall

not have been stamped; any thing in any Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

[See 47 G. 3. sess. 1. c. 32. § 32. — Provisions, 4>7 G.3.

sess. 2. c. 25. •* — Extended to Serjeants of the, 54? 3.

[c. 11.]

566

46 GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

IOG.1. c. 5.(I.)

15 G.2. c. 10.

(10

Bodies Politic, &c. empowered to make Leases of Mines under recited Acts, may grant Leases of

C. 70, 71.

CAP. LXX.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for regulating Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder, by Retail, in

[3d 1806.]

[Repealed, 47 G.3. 2. 12. § 1.]

CAP. LXXI.

An Act to amend several Acts for the Encouragement of finding and working Mines and Minerals within Ireland.

[3d July 1806.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act for the further Encouragement offnding and working Mines and Minerals within this Kingdom,

4 it was amongst other Things enacted, that it should be lawful to and for all Archbishops, Bishops and other Dignitaries and Persons Ecclesiastical, and to and for all Bodies Politic and Corporate, and other Persons in the said Act mentioned, to make and grant Leases for Thirty one Years, of all Mines and Minerals whatsoever found and discovered, or which might thereafter be found and discovered within their respective Manors, Glebes or Lands, in such Manner as in and by the said Act is mentioned and directed; and that Persons having such Interest as in the said Act is mentioned, in Lands set in Fee Farm or otherwise, 4 with an Exception of Mines and Minerals, should have full Power and Authority to open, dig and work all Mines or Minerals which should or might be found in or upon the said Lands, and to raise and carry away the Ore thereof, or to demise the same for Thirty one Years as aforesaid; and it is by the said recited Act enacted, 4 that all and every the Persons aforesaid, and all and every Person and Persons to whom the said Mines and Minerals should be demised as aforesaid, should have free Liberty to build all such Houses as should be found convenient and useful for working the said Mines, and to dig and make Turf for the Use of the said Houses where the same should happen to be in Bogs or Mountains only, making such Compensation as in the said Act is mentioned: And Whereas, by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fifteenth Year of the Pteign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for explaining and amending the said hereinbefore recited Act, the said recited Act and the Provisions thereof were extended to Coal Mines: And Whereas it is expedient to enlarge the Provisions of the said Acts in Manner hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person and Persons, and for all and every Body or Bodies Politic and Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, in the said recited Acts or either of them mentioned, and who by the said recited Acts or either of them are empowered to

make

A.D. 1806.

46' GEO. III. C. 71.

367

make Leases of Mines, and Minerals in Manner in the said recited Acts mentioned, in like Manner to make and grant Leases not exceding the Term of Thirty one Years, of any Quantity of Land, not exceeding Three Acres, which shall or may be contiguous to such Mines or Minerals, wherever such Mines or Minerals may be situate; and where such Mines or Minerals shall happen to be situate in Bogs or Mountains, then to make and grant such Leases of any Quantity of Land not exceeding Fifteen Acres, which may be contiguous to such Mines or Minerals, for the Convenience and Accommodation of the said Houses, and of the Workmen occupying the same, and for cutting Turf and erecting Smelting Houses for Smelting the Ores of the said Mines and Minerals, and for erecting and making other Buildings and Works necessary for the more profitable working of any such Mines; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person or Persons who under or by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them, are empowered to open, dig and work Mines and Minerals, and to build Houses, as in the said Acts is mentioned, to hold, occupy and enjoy such respective Quantities of Land for the Purposes aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That all such Lessors and other Persons to whom such Land shall be demised, or who shall hold or occupy the same under or by virtue of this Act and the said recited Acts, or either of them, shall have full Power and free Liberty to erect and make on the Land so demised to, or held or occupied by them, Smelting Houses, and any other Houses, Build- ings and Works whatsoever, necessary for the more profitable working of any such Mines or Minerals respectively, and to cut, dig and make Turf on the said Land, to be employed in the Smelting the Ores of such Mines or Minerals, or in any other Manner necessary for the erecting of such Mines; and that for the more easy working of such Mines or Minerals, such Lessees or other Persons shall have full Power and free Liberty to divert and make use of any such Stream or Streams of Water as shall pass through any Part of such Land so demised or occupied, and as shall not have been used, occupied or employed by any Mill or Mill Dam previous to the Time when such Land shall be so demised or occupied for the Purposes in this Act mentioned.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who by virtue of this Act shall use or occupy any such Land for the Purposes in this Act mentioned, shall make Compensation to such Person or Persons as shall be entitled to the Possession of such Lands, in such Manner and Form as is by the said first recited Act required and directed, with respect to Lauds wherein or whereon any Mines or Minerals shall be. dug for, or any Houses shall be built, under or by virtue of the said recited Acts; and that all Clauses, Powers and Provisions in the said recited Acts, or either of them, contained, with respect to the Matters and Things in the said Acts mentioned, shall extend and be construed to extend and be applied in the Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually as if such Clauses, Powers and Provisions, had, been repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

certain Quantities of Lands contiguous to Mines for 31 Years.

Lessors may build on such Lands, Smelting Houses and other Buildings for the Convenience of working Mines,

Compensation for such Lands in Manner required by 10G.1. c. 5. (I.)

- / - CAP. LXXIL

An Act for enabling His Majesty to permit the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities' ibto and from the Port of Road Hin the Island

tola.

[3d JS06.]

\_Reyealed, 3 4. c. 44.

CAP. LXXIII.

Additional Rates of Postage on Letters by Packet Boats from or to Falmouth or other Places to or from Gibraltar.

An Act for granting Rates of Postage on the Conveyance of Letters and Packets to and from Gibraltar and the Island of Malta, [3d 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, for the Improvement of Commerce and Correspondence, and for the more speedy Conveyance of Letters and Packets between the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and the Town and Fortress of Gibraltar and the Island of M, to establish One or more Packet Boats between the Port of, in the County of

4 Cornwall, or such other Port in the United Kingdom as "His Majesty's Post Master General for the time being shall appoint,

and the Town and Fortress of Gibraltar and the Island of; ’

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Post Master General and his Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto sufficiently authorized for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, at any Time after the passing of this Act, to demand, have, receive and take for the Port and Conveyance of all and every the Letters and Packets that shall be carried or conveyed by Packet Boats from or to the Port of Falmouth aforesaid, or from or to any other convenient Port in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland to or from the Town and Fortress of Gibraltar, (over and above all other Rates payable for Conveyance of such Letters and Packets within the said United Kingdom,) a Packet Postage according to the Rates and Sums in Stealing Money hereinafter mentioned, the same being rated either by, the Letter or by the Ounce; that is to say,

For every Single Letter, One Shilling and Nine Pence:

For every Double Letter, Three Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Treble Letter, Five Shillings and Three Pence:

And for every Ounce, Seven Shillings; and so in Proportion for every Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce:

And for the Port and Conveyance of all Letters and Packet's that shall be carried or conveyed by Packet Boats from or to the said Port of Falmouth, or from or to any other convenient Port

in the said United Kingdom to or from the said Island-of-(over and above all other Rates payable for Conveyance of such Letters and Packets within the said United Kingdom,) a Packet Postage according to the Rates and Sums in Sterling Money hereinafter mentioned, the same being rated either by the Letter or by the Ounce; that is to say, '

46° GEO. III.

369

A.D. 1806.

C. 73, 74.

For every Single Letter, Two Shillings and One Penny:

For every Double Letter, Four Shillings and Two Pence:

For every Treble Letter, Six Shillings and Three Pence:

And for every Ounce, Eight, Shillings and Four Pence; and so in Proportion for every Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce: And for the Port and Conveyance of every Single Letter (not first conveyed by Packet Boats from the said United Kingdom) sent from or to the said Town and Fortress to or from the said Island of Malta, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Double Letter, One Shilling:

For every Treble Letter, One Shilling and Sixpence:

And for every Ounce, Two Shillings; and so in Proportion for every Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Establishment of Packet Boats for the Purposes aforesaid, all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Disabilities, Penalties and Methods for Recovery of the same, and all other Matters and Things contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Post Office, shall extend and be deemed and construed to extend to the said Town and Fortress of Gibraltar and the said Island of Malta, and to each and every of them, and to all His Majesty's Subjects therein respectively, as fully and effectually in every respect as if the same and His Majesty's Subjects therein were expressly included in such Acts, or in any of them.

" Produce of Rates to be carried to British Consolidated Fund. § 3. <l In Action for executing Act. General Issue. Treble Costs. § 4.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for permitting Prussian Yarn to be imported in Foreign Ships, on Payment of the like Duties as if imported in British Ships.

[3d July 1806.]

FOR better carrying on the Trade of this Kingdom during the Continuance of Hostilities, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Prussian Yarn imported into the United Kingdom since the Fourth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and six, or which shall be imported after the passing of this Act, in any Foreign Ship or Vessel, under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to,

during the Continuance of Hostilities, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of the Importation into Great Britain and Ireland in neutral, from States in

Amity with His Majesty, of certain, Wares and,

and to empower His Majesty by Order Council to prohibit the Exportation of Copper, and to permit the Importation in neutral Vessels from States not in Amity with His, of certain

Goods, Wares and Merchandize, shall be subject and liable to the same Duties of Customs, and to the same Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, and none other, that such Yarn would be subject and liable to, if imported in a British Ship or Vessel, owned and navi-46 Geo. III. B b gated

Rates between Gibraltar and Malta.

Acts relating to Post Office extended to Gibraltar and Malta.

Prussian Yarn imported since April 4, 1806, in any Foreign Vessel under 43 G.3. c. 153. subjected to the same Duties as if imported in British Vessels.

370

All Monies and Bills received by Receiver General of the Excise to be paid by him into the Bank, who shall open an Account thereof.

Receiver General may retain Sums herein mentioned for ordinary Payments.

Bank to make Entries of Receipts to be returned to Excise Office for Inspection of Comptroller,

- 74, 75. 46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

gated according to Law; any thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

[See47 G. 3. s. c. 26.]

CAP. LXXV.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Receiver General of the Duties of Excise in England.

.[3d July 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Regulations should be es-i tablished by Law in the Office of the Receiver General ‘ of the Excise, that all Monies, Bills, Notes and Drafts received on the Account of the Revenue under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise should be lodged in the Bank of,

previous to its being taken from thence to the Exchequer Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and six, all Monies, Bills, Notes and Drafts received by or coming to the Hands of the Receiver General of the Excise on Account of the Revenue of Excise in Great Britain (except as is hereinafter excepted) shall be paid by him into the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; (that is to say,) such Monies, Notes and Drafts either on the same Day or the Day after the same shall be received, and such Bills on the Day on which the same, having been first duly accepted, shall have been indorsed by the Commissioners of Excise; for which Monies, Bills, Notes and Drafts, the Entry in the Book hereinafter mentioned shall be a sufficient Discharge; and all such Monies, Bills, Notes and Drafts so to be paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of, shall be placed to

an Account to be raised in the Books of the said Governor and Company, and to be entitled The Account of the Public Monies of the Receiver General of the Excise, inserting the Name of such Receiver General for the time being.

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for such Receiver General to retain and keep in his own Hands, for the Payment of casual and ordinary and daily Demands, out of the Monies so received by him as such Receiver General, such Sum not exceeding Thirty thousand Pounds at the Close of each Day, unless any further Sum shall be directed to be retained by the said Commissioners, not exceeding Fifty thousand Pounds over and above the said Thirty thousand Pounds, or unless with the Permission in Writing of any Three or more of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or some Person duly authorized in that Behalf, shall daily upon receiving any Money, Bills, Notes or Drafts from such Receiver General of the Excise, make an Entry of the Money, Bills, Notes and Drafts so received in a Book to be

. provided by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, with the Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and sent for that Purpose by such Receiver General;

which

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 75.

371

which Book shall be forthwith redelivered to the Persons making the Payments for the Excise Office, and inspected daily after its Return by the Comptroller of the Cash of the Excise or his Clerk, such Clerk being first dui}'- authorized by him, for whose Conduct he shall be answerable; who shall compare the same with the Book kept by such Comptroller, for the Purpose of seeing that the Receiver General constantly pays into the Bank all the Money,

Bills, Notes and Drafts which he ought to do under the Provisions of this Act; and any Default which such Comptroller or his Clerk, duly authorized as aforesaid, may discover in that Behalf, shall be immediately reported to the Commissioners of Excise.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Monies placed to the How Money Account of the Receiver General as aforesaid in the Bank of placed to Ac-

England, shall be paid into the Exchequer from time to time as count of by Law is directed, in Manner following; (that is to say,) the Re- General* aid ceiver General or his Clerk, duly authorized by him for that Pur- fro^BanjTmto pose, for whose Conduct therein he shall be answerable, shall make the Exchequer, an Order upon the Governor and Company of the Bank of England (which Order shall be countersigned by the Comptroller of the Cash of the Excise) to write off from his Account the Sum desired; and the said Governor and Company, or some Person duly authorized on their Behalf, shall thereupon write off such Sum, and deliver a Note, drawn and cancelled in such Manner and Form as shall be approved by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, for the Amount to the Receiver General or his Clerk, who shall pay the same into the Exchequer, and the Bank Clerks attending there shall receive it as so much Cash; and it shall not Restriction on be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England Bank as to to pay or transfer any Part of the Money so deposited and placed ^y"ent of to the Account of such Receiver General, from such Account, nn°" otherwise than into the Exchequer, in Manner aforesaid; or to deliver any Note or Notes, Bill or Bills of Exchange, save and except to the Solicitor of the Excise or his Clerk, upon his Application for the same, together with the Receiver General or his Clerk, and the Comptroller of the Cash or his Clerk, for the sole Purpose of taking out an Extent for the Security of the Money for which such Bill of Exchange or Draft shall have been given; in which Case the Board of Excise shall be immediately acquainted therewith, if sitting, by such Solicitor, Receiver General and Comptroller of Cash, or, if not sitting, at the Time of their assembling; and such Delivery shall be entered by the Bank in the Book to be kept as is herein directed.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein Monies herein contained shall extend to require certain Monies received by such mentioned not Receiver General, of the Description hereinafter mentioned, to be he sent to paid into the Bank of England; (that is to say,) Money arising by received and Deductions on Account of the Civil List Tax, and One Shilling accounted for Tax on Salaries, or on Account of the Charity Fund for super- as heretofore, annuated Officers, or Money received from the roasting of Coffee,

or arising from the Sale of Goods for which the Duties shall not have been paid, or of condemning Seizures; but such Monies shall continue to be received, accounted for and applied as they were before the passing of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Resignation or Removal of the present and of every other Receiver Ge-

B b 2 ' neral t

Money or Delivery of Bills, &c.

On Death, &c. of Receiver

372

C. 75, 76.

General, Balance to vest in Successor.

Receiver General to keep Account with the Bank.

Forginglnstru-ments, &c.

Felony without Clergy.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 180 &

neral of the Excise hereafter to be appointed, the Balance of Cash for which he shall at that Time have Credit on his Account as such Receiver General with the Governor and Company of the B^nk of England shall, as soon as a Successor shall be appointed to the said Office, actually vest in such Successor in Trust for the Service of the Excise, and be forthwith transferred, carried over and placed to the Account of such Successor, to be applied to the said Service in pursuance of the like Orders as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and six, the Receiver General of the Excise for the time being shall keep the Account with the Bank of all Monies issued on his Account for the Service of the Excise; and the said Receiver General, observing the Rules and Regulations hereby prescribed, shall not be answerable for any Money which he shall have so paid or caused to be paid into the Bank of England; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be answerable for all the Monies, Bills, Notes and Drafts which shall be actually received by them from and on Account of such Receiver General as aforesaid; except such Bills as may have been returned in Manner aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons

shall knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or assist in forging or counterfeiting the Name or Hand Writing of the Receiver General of the Excise for the time being, of of the Comptroller of the Cash of the Excise, or the Person or Persons duly authorized as aforesaid, to any Draft, Instrument or Writing whatsoever, for or in Order to the receiving or obtaining any of the Money in the Hands or Custody of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on Account of the Receiver General

of the Excise, or shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to -be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any Draft, Instrument or Writing in Form of a Draught made by such Receiver General, or the Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, or shall utter or publish any such, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with an Intention to defraud any Person whomsoever, every such Person or Persons so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be and is and are hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

<s Act may be altered this Session. § 9.

\_As to the Customs, see c, 150. post, — Receiver General of the Duties of Excise to pay into the Exchequer in the Manlier directed by this Act, in respect of Payments into the Bankt 59 G.3. c. 39.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Receiver General of the Stamp Duties in England, [3d 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Regulations should be es-

* tablished by Law, for depositing all the Monies, Bills and < Drafts received on Account of the Revenue under the Manage-1 ment of the Commissioners of Stamps, except as hereinafter i?

* mentioned, in the Bank of England, until the same shall be paid

1 into

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 76.

373

Receiver General may retain Sums herein mentioned for

into the Exchequer, as now required by Law Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Fifth Day Monies and

One thousand eight hundred and six, all Sums of Money, Bills, Bills received Drafts and Notes, which shall be received by the Receiver Gene- Qene^i ofr ral of the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of g^mps to j, e Stamps, shall be paid by him into the Hands of the Governor and paid by him Company of the Bank of England; that is to say, the Money and into the Bank, Notes, and such of the Bills and Drafts as shall be already accepted, whp shall open or not require Acceptance, on the Day after the same shall be re- ^ergQf°unt ceived, and such of the Bills and Drafts as shall require Acceptance, and not be already accepted when received, on the Day-after the same shall be accepted; and all such Monies, Bills, Drafts and Notes shall be placed to an Account to be raised in the Books of the said Governor and Company, and to be entitled " The Account of the Public Monies of the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties, " inserting the Name of such Receiver General for the time being.

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Receiver General from time to time to retain in his Hands, out of the Monies received by him as such Receiver General, such Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of One thousand Pounds in each Week, unless any larger Sum shall ordinary Pay-be allowed in Writing by any Three or more of the Lords Corny ments. missioners of His Majesty's Treasury, as the Commissioners of Stamps shall from time to time direct, for the Payment of casual and ordinary Charges and Expences, payable out of the Revenue under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or some Person duly authorized by them in that Behalf, shall daily upon receiving any Money, Bills,

Drafts or Notes from the Receiver General of Stamps, make an ge^neoffice Entry of the Money, Bills, Drafts and Notes so received, in a Book for inspection to be provided for that Purpose, which Book shall be forthwith of Comptroller, returned to the Stamp Office, and inspected daily after its Return &c.

by the Comptroller and Accountant General, or Deputy Comptroller and Accountant General of the Stamp Duties, who shall compare the same with the Books kept by him, for the Purpose of seeing that the Receiver General constantly pays into the Bank all the Money, Bills, Drafts and Notes, which he ought to do under the Provisions of this Act; and any Default which such Comptroller and Accountant General, or Deputy Comptroller and Accountant General, may discover in that Behalf, shall be immediately reported to the Commissioners of Stamps, who shall report the same, unless the same shall appear to them to have happened by Mistake or Inadvertence, to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Weekly Payments into the How Weekly Exchequer pursuant to Law, of the Monies arising from the Duties Payments to be under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps, shall be ma(le from the made in Manner following; (that is to say,) the said Receiver into General, or One of his Clerks, to be deputed and authorized by Money received Him for that Purpose, shall make an Order upon the Governor and for stamp

B b 3 Company Duties.

Bank to make Entries of Receipts to be returned to

374

C. 76.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Receiver General may draw on Bank for such Sum

Salaries, &c. in case Money retained be insufficient.

Company of the Bank of-England, to write off from his Account the Sum desired, which Order shall be countersigned in such Manner as the Lords of the Treasury shall direct, and the said Governor and Company, or some Person duly authorized in that Behalf, shall upon Receipt of such Order write off the Sum therein mentioned accordingly, and deliver a Note for the Amount (which for greater Security shall be cancelled) to the Bearer of such Order, who shall pay the same into the Exchequer, and the Bank Clerks, attending there to receive Monies paid into the Exchequer, shall receive such Note as so much Cash.

V.' And be it further enacted, That for the Payment of Salaries, Incidents and other Charges and Expences, payable out of the Revenue under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps, as Commission- (an(l which the Money to be retained by the said Receiver General ers shall direct, as before directed may be insufficient to pay,) it shall be lawful for for Payment of the said Receiver General, or One of his Clerks, to be deputed o-i and authorized by him for that Purpose, to draw out of the Bank

of England, as Occasion may require, such Sum or Sums of Money as the Commissioners of Stamps shall from time to time allow and direct in that Behalf; and that every Draft or Order on the Bank for Money for any of the last mentioned Purposes, shall be countersigned in such Manner as the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall direct, and shall specify the Head of Service for which the same shall be issued; and the said Receiver General shall from time to time account for the Monies so to be drawn by him or his Clerk out of the Bank, as well as for the Monies so.to be retained by him as aforesaid, and for the Application thereof respectively, in such Manner as the Commissioners of Stamps, with the Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, shall direct.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Drafts drawn pursuant to any of the Directions of this Act, but not otherwise, shall be sufficient Authority to the Bank of England to pay the Amount thereof to the Persons mentioned in such Drafts or to the Bearer of them.

VII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Resignation or Removal of the present and of every other Receiver General of Stamp Duties hereafter to be appointed, the Balance of Cash for which he shall at that Time have Credit on his Account as Receiver General with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall, as soon as a Successor shall be appointed to the said Office, actually vest in such Successor in Trust for the Service of the Public, and be forthwith transferred, carried over and placed to the Account of such Successor, to be applied to the said Service in pursuance of the like Drafts and Orders as aforesaid; and the Receiver General for the time being shall and he is hereby directed and required to issue his Drafts and Orders as aforesaid, for all unsatisfied Charges and Demands payable out of the aforesaid Revenue, although the same shall have accrued in the Time of any former Receiver General.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after Fourteen General to keep Days after the passing of this Act, the Receiver General of the Account with Stamp Duties for the time being shall keep the Account with the

Bank of all Monies issued by and paid to the Bank on his Account

for

Drafts sufficient Authority to Bank.

On Death, &c. of Receiver General, Balance in Bank to vest in Successor, who may draw for unsatisfied Charges.

Receiver

Bank.

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 76, 77,

375

for the Service of the Public; and the said Receiver General, observing the Rules and Regulations hereby prescribed, shall not be answerable for any Money, Bills, Drafts or Notes, which he shall have so paid into the Bank of England; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be answerable for all the Monies, Bills, Drafts or Notes, which shall be actually received by them as aforesaid from the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons

shall knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or assist in forging or counterfeiting the Name or Hand Writing of the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties for the time being, or of his Clerk, or of either of the Commissioners of Stamps, to any Draft, Instrument or Writing whatsoever, for or in order to the receiving or obtaining any of the Money in the Hands or Custody of the Governor and Company of the Bank of on Account

of the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties, or shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any Draft, Instrument or Writing in Form of a Draft, made by such Receiver General or his Clerk, or shall utter or publish any such, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with Intention to defraud any Person whomsoever, every such Person or Persons so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be and is and are hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

[Receiver General of Stamp Duties to pay into Exchequer in

the Manner directed by this respect of Payments into

the Bank, 59 G. 3. c. 39.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act for continuing the Encouragement of Persons making Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto; and for discharging certain Debts incurred by the Commissioners of the Longitude in carrying the Acts relating thereto into Execution.

[3d July lS0(j.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled Act to render i more effectual an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, relating to the Discovery of the .Longitude c at Sea, and for continuing the Encouragement and Regard of

Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at i Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements Na-‘ vigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto; and for i discharging certain Debts incurred by the Commissioners of the

* Lbngitude, in carrying the Acts relating thereto into Execution;

* the Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude were em-

B b 4? 4 powered,

Forging Instruments, &c.

Felony without Clergy.

Act may be altered, &c. this Session,

43 G. 3. c. 118.

376 C. 77. 46° GEQ. III. A.B. 1806.

‘ powered, whenever they should be satisfied of the Probability of s V any Proposal or Proposals that should be made to them for dis*v ‘ covering the Longitude, or making any other useful Discovery and Improvement in Navigation, so as to think it proper to cause

* Experiments to be made thereof, to certify the same to the

* Commissioners of the Navy; and also in case they should ad-

* judge any Person or Persons to have made any Discovery for finding the Longitude at Sea, which though not of so great Use as to

* ce entitled to any of the great Rewards specified in an Act made in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, yet that the said

* Discovery was of considerable Use to the Public, or to have made any other Discovery or Discoveries, Improvement or Improve-

* ments useful to Navigation, to certify such less Reward, or Sum 4 or Sums of Money, as the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude should think reasonable to be paid to such Person or Persons; and the Commissioners of the Navy were thereby authorized and required to make out Bills upon the Treasurer of the Navy for such Sums so certified, who was thereby authorized to pay the same immediately to such Person or Persons, out of any Monies which should be in his the said Treasurer’s Hands, un- applied to the Use of the Navy; and it was thereby further enacted, that all such Sum or Sums of Money as should be paid by the Treasurer of the Navy, by virtue of the said Act, for the Purposes of making such Experiments as aforesaid, and in rewarding,

4 in a lesser Degree, lesser Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, and also other Discoveries and Improvements useful to Navigation, should not altogether exceed the Sum of Five thousand Pounds: And Whereas by several Payments made by the Treasurer of the Navy, pursuant, to the Directions of the said Act of the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude have expended the Whole of the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, granted by the said Act for the Purposes aforesaid; and moreover, several Debts have been incurred, and are now growing due for sundry Matters and Things done by Order of the said Commissioners in carrying the said Acts into Execution, and for Services tending to the Benefit of Navigation: And Whereas it is highly necessary that the said Debts should be discharged, and that the said Encouragements and Rewards for the Purposes mentioned in the said Act of the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty should be continued Be it therefore

Commissioners enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the of Longitude Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and may certify the Commons>

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au-Debts incurred thority of the same, That the Commissioners for the Discovery of under the re- the Longitude shall and may certify the Amount fo such Debts, cited Act, and together with the Names of the Persons to whom the same are or shall be respectively due, under their Hands and Seals, to the Commissioners of the Navy, who are hereby authorized and required to make out a Bill or Bills upon the Treasurer of the Navy, for such Sum or Sums of Money as may be necessary for discharging the said Debts, which Sum or Sums of Money the said Treasurer is hereby required to pay to the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so certified to be due respectively, out of

any

the Names or the Persons to whom due, to the Commissioners of the Navy, who shall make out Bills on the

A.D. 1806. 46° GEO. ItL C. 37

any Money which shall be in his, the said Treasurer’s Hands, un- Treasurer for applied as aforesaid., Payment.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Commissioners to and for the said Commissioners for the Discovery of the Lon- may certify gitude, and they are hereby authorized and empowered* whenever discoveries they shall be satisfied' of the Probability of any Proposal or Pro- ysefuiTn^he posals that shall be made to them for Discovery of the Longitude, improvement or making any other useful Discovery and Improvement in Navi- of Navigation, gation, so as to think it proper to cause Experiments to be made and certify thereof, to certify the same to the Commissioners of the Navy; such Rewards and also in case they shall adjudge any Person or Persons to have reasonable to made any Discovery for finding the Longitude at Sea, which kepajdthe though not of so great Use, as to be entitled to any of the great Persons entitled Rewards specified in the said Act of the Fourteenth Year of His thereto, present Majesty, yet that such Discovery is of considerable Use to

the Public, or to have made any other Discovery or Discoveries,

Improvement or Improvements, useful to Navigation, to certify such less Reward, or Sum or Sums of Money, as they the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude shall think reasonable to be paid to such Person or Persons; and the Commissioners of the Navy are hereby authorized and required to make out a Bill or Bills upon the Treasurer of the Navy, for such Sum or Sums as shall be so certified to them by the said Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude; and the said Treasurer of the Navy is hereby authorized and required to pay immediately such Sum or Sums, to the Person or Persons who shall be appointed by the said Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude, to make such Experiments, or to receive such less Reward, or Sum or Sums of Money, for making lesser Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or any other Discoveries and Improvements useful to Navigation, out of any Monies which shall be in his, the said Treasurer’s Hands, unapplied to the Use of the Navy.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all such Sum or Debts and Sums of Money as shall be paid by the Treasurer of the Navy by Rewards under virtue of this Act, as well for the Purpose of discharging the se- this Act not to veral Debts which have been incurred, and are now growing due, excee<* io, ooool. in Manner aforesaid, as of making such Experiments as aforesaid,

and of rewarding in a lesser Degree lesser Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, and also other Discoveries and Improvements useful to Navigation, do not altogether exceed the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds.

IV. Provided also, That in case any such Reward or Sum of Rewards how Money to be given or paid for any of the Purposes aforesaid shall to be certified, not exceed the Sum of One thousand Pounds, that then and in

every such Case it shall be certified to the Commissioners of the Navy as aforesaid, under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude, or any Five or more of them; but if any such Reward or Sum of Money shall exceed the Sum of One thousand Pounds, that then the same shall in every such Case be certified as aforesaid, under the Hands and Seals of the First Commissioner of the Admiralty, the First Commissioner of the Navy, the President of the Royal Society, the Royal Astronomer at Greenwich, and the Comptroller of the Navy for the time being, they respectively being by virtue of the several Offices held

by

378

Certificates not liable to Stamp Duties.

EXP.

Duties of Customs on Importation of

C. 77 — 81. 46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

by them Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude as aforesaid.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such Certificates, signed and sealed respectively, as hereinbefore is directed, shall not be considered, deemed or taken to be, Deeds or Instruments liable to any Stamp Duties; but that the same shall be good and valid, and shall and may be given in Evidence in any Court of Law or Equity, as Occasion shall require, without being stamped in any Manner whatsoever; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

\_Seefarther, 55 3. c. 75.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty on the Amount of the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes therein mentioned.

[3d July 1806.] \j&\0 per Cent, on Assessments made under 43 G. 3. c. 161 45 G.3. c. 13. J

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act to confirm an Agreement entered into between the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and the most Noble Augustus Henry Duke of, in pursuance of an

Act of the Forty, third Year of His present Majesty.

[3d July 1806.] (a)[43 G. 3. c. 156. — See 55 G. 3. c. 56. Pr.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act to provide for the more effectual Examination of Accounts of the Expenditure of the Public Money in the West Indies, and for the better Discovery of Frauds and Abuses therein.

[3d July 1806.]

[Commissioners appointed during the Continuance of the present Wary and until the Expiration of Twelve Calendar Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.]

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act for better encouraging the Manufacture of Thread Lace in Great Britain.

[12th July 1806.]

WHEREAS it would greatly contribute to protect and en-

Wl courage the Manufacture of Thread Lace in Great -

iain if the Duties of Customs payable on the Importation of

Thread Lace were repealed, and other Duties imposed in lieu

thereof; ’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Dav of August One thousand eight hundred and six, the Duties of

J Customs

A.D. 1806. 46° GEO. III. C. 81.

Customs payable on the Importation of Thread Lace by-an Act Thread Lace passed in the Forty third Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled under 43 G.3. An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs payable Great Britain, c. 68. &c. shall and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof or by any other Act or ^ease and Acts passed subsequent thereto, shall cease and determine, save c*6 6, and except in all Cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof, which may on the said Fifth Day of August remain unpaid, or to any Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto; and from and after the said Fifth Day of August in lieu and instead of the Duties of Customs hereby made to cease and determine, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon Thread Lace of Foreign Manufacture imported and brought into Great the Duties of Customs following; that is to say, or> all such Thread New Duties. Lace not exceeding Five Shillings per Yard in Value, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence per Yard; on all Thread Lace of Five Shillings per Yard in Value, and under Ten Shillings per Yard, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence per Yard; on all such Thread Lace of Ten Shillings per Yard in Value, and udder Fifteen Shillings per Yard, the Sum of Three Shillings per Yard; on all such Thread Lace of Fifteen Shillings per Yard in Value, and under Twenty Shillings per Yard, the Sum of Four Shillings per Yard; on all such Thread Lace of Twenty Shillings per Yard in Value, and under Twenty five Shillings per Yard, the Sum of Five Shillings per Yard; on all such Thread Lace of Twenty five Shillings per Yard in Value and upwards, the Sum of Twenty five Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of the Value thereof (a): Provided Duties liable to always, that the Duties on Thread Lace above imposed shall be additional Du-subject and liable to the several additional Duties on the Amount ties granted by thereof granted by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His 43 *3* c'70* present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty, during the present War, and until the Ratification of a

Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great Britain; by another Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, 44 G.3. c. 53. intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty, during the present War and for Six Months after the Expiration thereof by the Ratification of ct Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize into Great Britain, and on Goods, Wares and Merchandize, brought or carried Coastwise within Great Britain; by another Act, made in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 45 G.3. c. 29. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties within Great Britain, on certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into, or brought or carried coastwise; and by another Act, passed in this 46 G. 3. c. 42. present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty, during the present War, and for Six Months after the Expiration thereof by the Ratification of a Defin itive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, imported into and exported from, or brought or carried coastwise within Great Britain. (a) [These Duties made to cease, and

others granted, 59 G. 3. c. 52. § 1.]

" Duties shall be levied and applied as former Duties. § 2.

380

Foreign Thread Lace to be sealed, &c.

and not imported in Parcels of less than 12 Yards, unless worth 2l. per Yard, &c.

[Penalty.]

Two Justices may grant Search Warrants on Oath of Suspicion of Concealment of Foreign Lace which has not paid Duty.

Foreign Thread Lace not sealed, &c. may be seized and forfeited.

C*8I. 46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

III. And be it further enacted, That all such Thread Lace of Foreign Manufacture shall, after the same hath been entered5ait the Custom House, and before it shall be discharged by the Officers and delivered into the Custody of the Importer or his Agent, be marked or sealed at one End of every Piece, with such Mark or Seal, and by such Officer as the Commissioners of the Customs shall direct and appoint for that Purpose; and such Officer shall in his own Hand Writing, together with such Mark or Seal, also1 signify what is the Number- of Yards in such Piece, and the Rate of the Duty of Customs paid thereon: Provided always, that no such Thread Lace shall be so marked or sealed, nor shall be imported in a Packet or Parcel containing a less Quantity than; Twelve Yards, unless the same shall be of the Value of Two Pounds per Yard or upwards, and unless such as shall be brought into Great Britain by any Person for his or her own private Use, and not for the Use of any other Person, nor to be sold as Merchandize; and if any One or more Pieces of Thread Lace shall be joined or pieced, the Whole of the Lace so joined or pieced shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Customs.

" Lace imported before the passing of this Act, though in Parcels " of less Quantity, &c. shall not be forfeited. § 4. Foreign " Thread Lace in Possession of Dealers on 5th and

" having paid the Duty, may have the Mark required by this Act,

" &c. within One Month after the passing of this Act. § 5.

" Further Time may be granted by the Privy Council for marking " such Lace. § 6. Payment of Duty may be marked on such Lace.

" § Foreign Thread Lace, in Possession of Dealers at the passing of this Act, if taken to the Custom House within Fourteen " Days, may be properly marked. § 8. \_Sections 4 — 8.

IX. And be it further enacted, That upon Oath being made by any credible Person or Persons, that he, she or they has or have Reason to suspect or believe that any Foreign Thread Lace, for which any Duty by this Act imposed in respect thereof ought to have been paid, is or shall be in the Custody or Possession of any Lace Dealer, Draper, Haberdasher, Shopkeeper or other Person or Persons for Sale, without having thereupon such Mark or Stamp as is by this Act required, it shall and may be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace, from time to time, to issue their Warrants or Orders, thereby authorizing and requiring any Officer or Officers of Customs, or any Constable or other Officer of the Peace, in the Day Time to search for the same, and to open Doors, Trunks, Chests, Boxes and Packages, and to seize such Lac?, with the Packages containing the same, and to carry away the same; and all such Foreign Thread Lace so found shall be forfeited, and the Party or Parties in whose Possession or Custody the same shall be found shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sura of Fifty Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth

Day of August One thousand eight hundred and six, all such Thread Lace which shall be found in any Shop or Warehouse, or other Place whatever, upon Land within Gr not being

marked or sealed, or having the Hand Writing as aforesaid, upon

one

C. 81.

A.D. 180G. 46° GEO. III.

381

one End of every whole and entire Piece, or upon one End of

every Remnant of such Thread Lace, which Remnant shall exceed

Twelve Inches in Length, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be

seized by any Officer of the Customs; and the Person or Persons Penalties, First

to whom the same shall belong, or who shall be possessed thereof, Offence.

shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and if the Value of

the Thread Lace so found unmarked or unsealed, or without the

Hand Writing as aforesaid, shall exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds,

then the said Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay double the

Value of the Lace so found unmarked or unsealed, or without the

Hand Writing as aforesaid; and upon every Second Conviction Second Offence.

before Two or more Justices of the Peace for the like Offence, the

Person convicted shall forfeit and pay Double the Sum forfeited and

paid on the First Conviction; and for every Third Conviction, Third Offence.

Treble; One Moiety of the said Penalties to His Majesty, His

Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Officer or

Officers of the Customs as shall sue and prosecute for the same.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Counterfeiting shall at any Time forge or counterfeit any Mark or Seal to resem- Seals, Felony ble any Mark or Seal which shall be provided and used for the without Clergy, above Purpose, or shall forge or counterfeit the Impression of any

such Mark or Seal, and shall thereof be convicted in due Form of

Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as a Felon,

without benefit of Clergy; and if any Person or Persons shall sell

Or expose to Sale, or have in his, her or their Custody or Pos- Wilfully sell-

session, any such Thread Lace, with a counterfeit Mark, Seal or nig Lace with

Hand Writing, knowing the same to be counterfeited, or shall use gea°untC1 fclt

or affix any such Mark, Seal or Hand Writing, to any other Piece

or Remnant of Lace, other than that to which the same was

originally affixed, all and every such Offender and Offenders, and

his, her and their Aiders, Abettors and Assistants, shall for every

such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, Penalty tool.

One Moiety to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the other

Moiety to the Officer or Officers of the Customs, or other Person,

who shall sue for the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Doubt or Question Proof of Lace shall arise, whether any Thread Lace is of Foreign Manufacture, not being the Proof thereof shall lie on the Person or Persons in whose Pos- Foreign on session any such Thread Lace shall be found, and not on the Party* Prosecutor, any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Value of all Thread How Value of Lace, of Foreign Manufacture, shall be ascertained ort the Im- Lfce ^exportation thereof, according to the Rule, Manner and Form, teined.on I"1-directed by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present foSed sold Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs only for

payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties Exportation. thereof [a); and in case such Thread Lace shall not have been valued by the Importer according to its true and real Value, it shall be proceeded against and dealt with as directed in and by the said Act: Provided always, that such Thread Lace when sold shall: be sold only for Exportation, and the same shall not be worn or used in this Kingdom, but shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Customs. (a) [43 G. 3. 6S._§ 12.]

C. 81.

382

4*6° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Foreign Thread Lace imported into London only.

Stamp Duties on annual Licences to deal in Lace.

Duties on Stamps to be under the Care of Commissioners of Stamps.

Licences granted by Stamp Office, to be in force frOm 1st August Yearly.

Application of the Money arising by Stamps.

Forging

Stamps.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Thread Lace of

Foreign Manufacture .shall be imported or brought, by Way of Merchandize to be sold, into any Port or Place in Great,

but only into the Port of London.

XV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and six, every Dealer or Dealers in Thread Lace of Foreign Manufacture, shall annually take out a Licence for that Purpose, upon which there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of Three Pounds Three Shillings; and every Dealer or Dealers in Thread Lace of British Manufacture shall annually take out a Licence for that Purpose, upon which there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of Five Shillings:Provided always, that if any Dealer or Dealers in Thread Lace shall keep more than One House, Shop, Warehouse or Place, where he, she or they expose Thread Lace to Sale, every such Dealer shall take out a distinct Licence in respect of every such House, Shop, Warehouse or Place. [Dutiepaid to Receiver General by him into the Exchequer, 48 G. 3. c. 149. §46.]

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties of Stamps shall be under the Government, Care and Management of the Commissioners appointed for managing the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and authorized to employ such Officers to allow such Salaries and incidental Charges, and to provide and use such Stamps to denote the said Duties, as shall seem to them proper and necessary, and to do all other Things respecting the same, as far as they are empowered by any former Law or Laws concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two or more of His Majesty's Commissioners appointed for managing the Duties arising by Stamps on Vellum, Parchment and Paper, or for any Person duly authorized by such Commissioners, or the major Part of them, to grant such Licences as aforesaid; and every such Licence issued between the First Day of August and the First Day of September in any Year, shall bear Date on the Second Day of August; and every such Licence issued at any other Time shall bear Date the Day on which the same shall be issued; and every such Licence shall continue in Force from the Day of the Date thereof, until the First Day of August then next following.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Stamp Duties granted by this Act, shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General for the time being of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, who shall pay the same, after deducting the necessary Charges of raising, collecting and accounting for the same, into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, at such Time and in such Manner as other Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, are by Law directed to be paid, and that the Money so paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forced or counterfeited, any Stamp'which shall be provided, made

° or

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 81.

383

or used; in pursuance of this Act, or shall counterfeit or resemble, or cause or procure to be counterfeited or resembled, the Impression of any such Stamp, upon any Vellum, Parchment, Paper or other Material, or the Impression of the Stamp upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, allowed to be issued, used or applied, under the Authority of this Act, thereby to defraud His Majesty,

His Heirs and Successors, of the Duties by this Act charged or imposed on such Licences, every such Person so offending, being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, Felony without and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy. Clergy.

XX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Unlicensed Day of August One thousand eight hundred and six, no Person or Persons selling Persons shall sell or expose to Sale any Thread Lace of Foreign or Foreign or British Manufacture, unless he, she or they, shall respectively be British Lace* licensed for that Purpose in Manner before mentioned, upon Pain

of forfeiting for every such Offence, if a Dealer in Foreign Lace,

the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and if a Dealer in Lace, the Penalties.

Sum of Five Pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every Person or Persons Dealers to paint vending or exposing to Sale any Thread Lace of Foreign or British certa Words Manufacture, and who shall have taken out a Licence respectively over ools’ c‘ as hereinbefore directed, shall cause the Words, "Dealer in

Foreign Lace, " or " Dealer in British Lace, " as the Case may be, to be painted or written in large or legible Characters, either over the Door, or in some visible Place on the Front of his, her or their House, Shop or Warehouse, being the Place where he, she or they, keep such Thread Lace for Sale; and if any such Dealer shall be a licensed Hawker and Pedlar, then he, she or they, shall have such Words painted or written on the Cart or Boxes used for the Conveyance or Sale of such Lace; and if any Person or Persons so licensed as aforesaid shall sell or expose for Sale any such Thread Lace, without having painted or written such Words respectively, as the Case may be, every Person so offending shall, if a Dealer in Foreign Lace, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Penalties. Pounds; and if a Dealer in British Lace, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That as often as any new Re- Commissioners gulation shall be made by any Act of Parliament respecting of Customs Thread Lace of Foreign Manufacture, it shall and may be lawful aiter Seals, for the Commissioners of the Customs, and they are hereby au- c* thorized and required to cause an Alteration to be made in the

Mark or Seal hereinbefore directed to be affixed to Thread Lace of Foreign Manufacture, when entered at the Custom House; and every Dealer in Lace who shall, at the Expiration of One Calendar Month after such Alteration, sell or expose to Sale, or have in his or her Possession any Thread Lace having thereon the old Mark or Seal, such Thread Lace shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, or by any Constable or other Peace Officer, by any Order under the Hand of One or more of His Majesty's Justices in and for the County, Riding, City or Place, where the same shall be found; and the Person or Persons so selling or exposing the same to sale, shall be liable to the same Penalty as if such Thread Lace had not been marked or sealed as hereinbefore required: Provided always, that if any such D; ealer

21 shall,

384>

C. 81 *

A.D. 1800.

No Fee on sealing with new Seal.

Recovery and Application of Penalties above 501. in Courts of Record.

Witnesses neglecting to attend.

Penalty 101. and Imprisonment.

Penalties not exceeding 501. recoverable before Two Justices.

Levied by Distress, &c.

Apprehension of Party.

46° GEO. III.

shall, within One Calendar Month after such Alteration shall have been made, bring to the Custom House any such Thread Lace, having thereon the old Mark or Seal, such Thread Lace shall without any Fee or Reward be marked or sealed with the new Mark or Seal.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties

which shall be incurred under this Act, of a greater Sum than Fifty Pounds, shall be recovered, together with Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at by Action

of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and One Moiety of every such Penalty or Forfeiture shall belong to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before any Justice or Justices of the Peace touching any of the Matters relative to this Act, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed of by such Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Complaint or Prosecution shall have been made or shall be depending or appearing, shall neglect or refuse to give Evidence touching the Matter in Question, that then every such Person or Persons so offending, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered, levied and paid in such Manner, and by such Means as are herein directed as to other Penalties under Fifty Pounds, and shall be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, Riding or Place where the Offence shall be committed, for any Time not exceeding Two Months, nor less than One Month.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any pecuniary Penalty by this Act imposed doth not exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, it shall be recoverable before Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Shire, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place wherein the Offence shall be committed, on Proof of the Offence either by voluntary Confession of the Party or Parties accused, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses; and One Moiety of every such last mentioned Penalty shall belong to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Informer or Informers prosecuting for the same; and’ in case of Nonpayment, the said Justice by Warrant under his Hand and Seal shall cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, and the Overplus of the Money raised, after deducting the Penalty and the Expence of the Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner, and shall also commit the Offender to the Prison of such County, Shire, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place, there to remain until the said Penalties, and the reasonable Charges of taking the said Distress, shall be levied by such Distress and Sale as aforesaid, or until the same shall be paid or satisfied by such Offender; and it shall be lawful for any such Justice of the Peace by his Warrant to cause such Offender to be

apprehended

A.D. 1806.

38S

46° GEO. III. C. 81.

apprehended and brought before him to answer to any Charge or Complaint for any such Penalty, and to commit such Offender to Prison as aforesaid, until the Hearing of such Charge or Complaint, unless he or she shall and do enter into a Recognizance before such Justice with Two sufficient Sureties, in a sufficient Sum to be ordered by such Justice, to appear at the Hearing of such Charge or Complaint.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person Persons not committed to any Gaol or House of Correction for any Offence 'j^a^J.e^, an committed against this Act shall be detained in such Gaol or -phfee Mont House of Correction for any longer Space of Time than Three Months.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Per- Appeal to sons shall find himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of any such Justices, then he, she or they shall or may es upon entering into a Recognizance, with Two sufficient Sureties

to be approved by such Justice, to the Amount of the Value-of such Penalty and Forfeiture, together with a Sum which in the Judgment of such Justices shall be adequate to the Amount of the Costs which may.be awarded, conditioned to pay the Amount of such Penalties, Forfeitures and Costs as shall be adjudged in Case such Judgment shall be affirmed, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions for the County,

Riding or Place, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the same, or Nat their Discretion to state the Facts specially for the Determination of His Majesty's Court of King’s Bench thereon; and in case the Judgment of such Justices shall be affirmed, it shall Costs, be lawful for such Justices, or the Court of King’s Bench, to award the Person or Persons to pay such Costs, occasioned by such Appeal, as to them shall seem meet.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That a Conviction in the Form of Form or to the Effect following, mutat, as the Case Conviction, shall happen to be, shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, without stating the Evidence and without alleging more than the Substance of the Offence, in all Cases wherein any Justice of the Peace hath Power to convict by virtue

of the present Act:

BE it remembered, That on the Day of

4 in the Year of our Lord at

4 in the County of A.B. came before us C. D.

4 and I. K, Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, residing near the Place where the Offence herein- after mentioned was committed, and informed us that . F. of in the said County of [here set forth

the Fact for •which the Information is laid]; whereupon the said 4 E. F. being duly summoned to answer the said Charge, appeared before us, and, having heard the Charge contained in the said Information, acknowledged and voluntarily confessed the Facts therein stated to be true; but in his [or, her] Defence alleged 4 [here setting forth the Substance of the, voluntarily confessed the said Charge to be true, or, did not make any Defence against the said Charge, whereupon the same was fully proved on the Oath of G. H. a credible Witness; or, said that 46 Geo. III. C c ‘he

C. 81, 82.

46° GEO. III.

386

No Certiorari.

In Action for Executing Act.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

No Fee or Gratuity to be taken by Officers specified in Table

A.D. 1806.

he [<?r, she] was not guilty of the said Offence, whereupon the same was fully proved on the Oath of a credible Witness, [or, as the Case shall be']; or, did not appear before us pursuant

to the said Summons, but the said Charge was fully proved on the Oath of G. H. a credible Witness [or^ as the Case shall be]; and therefore it manifestly appearing to us, that the said E. F. is guilty of the Offence charged in the said Information, we do hereby convict him [or, her] of the said Offence, and do adjudge that he [or, she] hath forfeited the Sum of of

lawful Money of Great Britain, to be distributed as the Law directs, according to the Form of the Statute in such Case made, and provided. Given under our Hands and Seals the Day of . ’

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Conviction upon

this Act shall be removed or removable by Writ of, or

otherwise, into His Majesty's Court of King’s Bench, or any other Court, save upon an Appeal as by this Act is directed.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be sued, molested or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or Judgment shall be recovered against him or them upon Demurrer, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her or their Action, or be nonprossed therein, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act for abolishing Fees received by certain Officers and' other Persons employed in the Service of the Customs, in the Port of London; and for regulating the Attendance of Officers and others so employed.

[12th July 1806.]

TT T WHEREAS various Officers and other Persons in the Service

VV of His Majesty's Customs, in the Port of, efn-

ployed in the Examination and Delivery of Goods and Mer-‘ chandize imported, exported or brought or carried Coastwise

into or from the said Port, have long been in the Practice of ‘ receiving Fees and Gratuities for their Trouble in the Execution

of their official Duties: And Whereas great Inconvenience arises

therefrom, and also from the Number of Holidays kept at the

Custom House in the said Port, for which Remedies should be

provided; Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and six, no Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity or Reward, whether pecuniary or of any other Sort or Description whatever, shall be required, taken or received

. by

A.DU306.

46° GEO. III.

G. 82.

387

by any Officer, Clerk or other Person, executing or performing, or assisting in the Execution or Performance of any or the Duties, or acting in any Of the Offices or Employments in or belonging to His Majesty's Customs in the Port of, enumerated or

described in the Table to this Act annexed, marked (A) , for any Service, Act, Duty, Matter or Thing, done or performed, or to be done or performed, by any or either of such Officer or Officers, Clerk or Clerks, or other Person or Persons, on account of or ralating to any such Office or Employment, except as hereinafter is provided; and all such Officers, Clerks and other Persons respectively shall, from the said Tenth Day of, receive such

annual Salaries, or other Allowances, as the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, shall deem to be reasonable, for the Labour and Trouble of executing the Duties of such respective Offices or Employments; and if any such Officer, Clerk or other Person shall, at any Time after the said Tenth Day of, require, take

or receive any Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity or Reward, whether pecuniary or of any other Sort or Description whatever, except as hereinafter is provided, either directly or indirectly, on account of or relating to any such Office or Employment, or for any Service, Act, Duty, Matter or Thing, done or performed, or to be done or performed therein, although the same shall be freely offered or given, every such Officer, Clerk or other Person so offending shall, on Proof thereof to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in Englan, or any Four or more of them, be for the First Offence peremptorily dismissed from his Office or Employment, and be rendered incapable of ever again holding or executing, or acting in any Office or Employment in the Service of His Majesty's Customs or Excise.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any Officer or other Person holding or exercising, or acting in or performing the Duties of any of the said Offices or Employments, from receiving such Reward or Satisfaction, for or on account of any Detention, Seizure or Forfeiture of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or any Penalty, or Share of Penalty, or Composition, which, under any Law now in force, or hereafter to be passed in relation to the Duties of Customs, he is or may be legally entitled to; or to prevent any such Officer, Clerk or Person, from receiving any Allowance, Gratuity or Reward, which the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England or any Four or more of them, may think fit to direct.

III. And, in order that proper Compensation may be made to any Officer, Clerk or other Person, who may sustain Loss by the Abolition of Fees directed by this Act, be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, for the time being, or any Three or more of them, in Cases where, on due Examination and Enquiry, it shall be made appear to them that the Salaries or Allowances hereby directed to be paid to Officers, Clerks and other Persons, as a Reward for their Labour in future, in the Execution of the Duty of their respective Offices or Employments, may not amount to so much

C c 2 as

(A) employed in the Customs in Port of London.

Officers to receive yearly Salaries, to be settled by Treasury.

Officers taking Fees, &c.

Incapacity.

Exception as to Shares of Seizures, &c.

Treasury may make Compensation to Officers who suffer by Abolition of Fees.

388

C. 82.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Landing Walters to make out and deliver to Merchants Accounts of West India Goods imported, without Fee.

Officers specified in Table (A) to take the following Oath instead of the Oath under 6 & 7 W. 3. c.l. §5.

Form of Oath.

No Holidays except as herein mentioned.

as it might be just and reasonable to allow to the present Possessors of such Offices or Employments, by way of Compensation for the Loss of Fees formerly received by them respectively, to order such further Allowance as the said Lords Commissioners shall deem just and reasonable to be paid to any such Officer, Clerk or other Person; such further Allowance to commence from and after the said Tenth Day of October, and to continue only during the Time any such Officer, Clerk or other Person, shall hold any such Office •or Employment.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Tenth Day of October, every Landing Waiter, or other proper Officer of the Customs employed in the Examination of Goods imported into the Port of London, is hereby required to make out and deliver, without Delay, to the Importer, Proprietor or Consignee of any Goods or Merchandize of the Growth or Produce of the West Indies, imported into the said Port, a correct Account, extracted from the official Books, of the Weight, Tale, Gauge or Contents of all such Goods or Merchandize, in the Manner heretofore practised, in case he shall be called upon so to do, and without requiring, taking or receiving any Fee^ Perquisite, Gratuity or Reward, whether pecuniary or otherwise, for the same, on pain of Dismission, as by this Act is directed in other Cases respecting Fees.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall, after the said Tenth Day of October, be appointed to any of the Offices or Employments enumerated or described in the Table to this Act annexed, marked (A) , shall, at their respective Admissions thereto, instead of the Oath prescribed by an Act, passed in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mari/, take the following Oath; that is to say,

T A.B.do swear to be true and faithful in the Execution, to

A the best of my Knowledge and Power, of the Trust committed to my Charge and Inspection in the Service of His Majesty's Customs, and that I will not require, take or receive

any Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity or Reward, whether pecuniary or

of any other Sort or Description whatever, either directly or

indirectly, for any Service, Act, Duty, Matter or Thing done

or performed, or to be done or performed in the Execution or

Discharge of any of the Duties of my Office or Employment, on tany account whatever, other than by Salary, and what is or shall

be allowed me by Law. So help me GOD. ’

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seven, no Holidays whatever shall be permitted or allowed to be observed and kept at the Custom House in the Port of London, or by any Officer, Clerk or other Person belonging to or employed in the Service of His Majesty's Customs in the said Port, except Christmas Day and Good Friday in every Year, and any Days which shall be appointed by His Majesty's Proclamation for the Purpose of a General Fast or Thanksgiving, and also the Anniversaries of the Restoration of His Majesty King Charles the Second, and of the Coronation of His Majesty, and the Birth Days of their Majesties, and of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales; but that all

Business

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 82.

&92

ance of Officers at the Docks, &c.

Business of the Custom House, and relating to the Revenue of Customs within the said Port of London, shall be carried on and performed on every Day throughout the Year, except on and the Days before excepted; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Act not to in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter Attend-vary or alter any of the Days or Hours appointed, or to be appointed, for the Attendance of the Officers of His Majesty's Revenue at the West India Docks, London Docks, or East India Docks, in the Port of London; or to restrain or prevent the Commissioners of the Customs in England from granting Leave of Absence for such reasonable Period, and in such Manner as they shall think fit, to any Officer, Clerk or other Person employed in the Service of His Majesty's Customs in England. \_See Proviso for these Days and Hours, 51 G.3. c. 71. § 17*]

VIII. And Whereas it is expedient for the Accommodation

* of Trade, and for the better Management of the Revenue of

* Customs, that the Hours during which the Officers, Clerks and ‘ other Persons, employed in the Service of the Customs in the

* Port of London, are required by Law to attend the Duties of ‘ their respective Offices and Employments, should be altered and < regulated Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the Officers of Tenth Day of October, the several Officers and other Persons exe- Customs in the cuting or performing, or assisting in the Execution or Perform- P°rt of London* ance of any of the Duties, or acting in any Office or Employment ^oureand 116 in or belonging to His Majesty's Customs in the Port of London, Times specified shall, and they are hereby required, unless prevented by Sickness in Table (Bj. or other unavoidable Cause, which shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England, duly and regularly to attend at the respective Offices or Places where their Duty is or shall be directed to be executed and performed, during such Hours, and at such Times, as are particularly' mentioned in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (B) , on every Day in the Year, except on Sundays, and on the other Days before excepted in this Act; and that during the said Hours and Times there shall be no Intermission or Cessation of Business on any Account or Pretence whatever; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained, or in Commissioners the Table hereunto annexed, marked (B) , shall extend, or be con- of Customs strued to extend, to prevent or hinder the Commissioners of the may enforce Customs in England from directing and enforcing the Attendance Attendance of of any Officer, Clerk or other Person, employed in the Service of Officers, when-His Majesty's Customs in the Port of London, at any Time and at Serviaf shall*1C any Place, when, on any particular Emergency, the Public Service require, shall so require; or from directing or enforcing the Attendance of any Clerk whatever, or of any Officer or other Person, so employed in the Service of the Customs receiving daily Pay, or of any Officer or other Person so employed on the Water Guard, at such Hours and Times as the said Commissioners shall think fit and requisite for the proper Discharge of the official Duties of any such Officer,

Clerk or other Person.

Cc 3 X. Provided

390

Offices may continue to be exercised by Deputy.

Act may be altered, &c, this Session.

C. 82. 46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in

this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to compel the personal Attendance of any Person or! Persons who are now authorized to execute the Duties of their respective Offices or Employments in the Service of the Customs in the Port of London, by sufficient Deputy or Deputies.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be varied, altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

[. Provisions of this Act extended, 47 G. 3. 1. c. 51. — 51 3.

c. 71. — Allowances to certain Officers of the Customs who had incurred Penalties under this, 1 & 2 4. c. 116.

TABLES to which this Act refers.

TABLE (A).

A LIST of Offices and Employments in His Majesty's Customs in the Port of London, the Officers, Clerks and other Persons appointed to execute and discharge any of the Duties thereof respectively, or acting therein, are by the Act to which this Table is annexed prohibited, on pain of Dismission, from requiring, taking or receiving any Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity or Reward, on any Account whatever.

INWARDS.

Landing Surveyors.

Deputy King’s Waiters.

Acting King’s Waiters.

Landing Waiters of every Description, and Persons acting as Landing Waiters.

Gaugers.

Measurers of Timber.

Jerquers.

Surveyor of the King’s Warehouse.

Assistants to the Surveyor of the King’s Warehouse.

Warehouse Keeper under the Collector Inwards.

Warehouse Keeper for the Crown.

Officer for stamping Silk, Crape, Laces, &c.

Surveyor of the East India Warehouses.

Assistant Surveyor of the East India Warehouses.

Inspector of the Delivery of all unrated East India Goods.

Assistants to the Inspector of the Delivery of all unrated East India Goods.

Jerquer of the Warehouse Keepers’ Books and Accounts of prohibited East India Goods.

Controller of the Lockers of the China Warehouse.

Warehouse Keepers of every Description.

Controllers on Warehouse Keepers of every Description.

Clerk of the Cheque.

Appointers of the Weighers.

Lockers of every Description, and Persons acting as Lockers.

Weighing

§91

A.D. 1806. 46° GEO. III.

Weighing Porters and Weighers of every Description, and Persons acting as Weighing Porters and Weighers.

Noon Tenders.

Supervisor of the Watchmen.

Assistant to the Supervisor of the Watchmen.

Watchmen of every Description, and Persons acting as Watchmen.

Coopers.

Husbands for taking up and receiving all Goods consigned from His Majesty's Plantations on account of the Four and a Half per Centum Duty.

Assistant to the Husband.

Controller on the Husband.

Surveyor for Buildings.

Inspector of burning damaged Tobacco, and Warehouse Keeper at the burning Kiln.

Waiter and Searcher at Blackwall.

OUTWARDS.

Chief Patent Searcher.

Under Patent Searcher.

Surveyors of the Searchers.

Searchers of every Description, and Persons acting as Searchers.

COASTWISE.

Surveyor of the Coast Waiters.

Coast Waiters of every Description, and Persons acting as Coast Waiters.

Supervisor of the Coal Meters.

Coal Meters.

WATER GUARD.

Inspectors of the River of every Description, and Persons acting as Inspectors of the River.

Tide Surveyors of every Description, and Persons acting as Tide Surveyors.

Register for the Tide Waiters.

Superintendant of the Tide Waiters employed as Piazza Men.

Tide Waiters of every Description, and Persons acting as Tide Waiters.

Register for the Watermen.

Watermen of every Description, and Persons acting as Watermen.

Surveyor for the building and repairing Sloops and Boats.

Assistant Surveyor for the building and repairing Sloops and Boats.

Surveyor for the Act of Navigation.

Gate Keepers and Messengers employed in any of the Offices or Employments enumerated or described in this Table.

All Officers, Clerks and other Persons employed in or about the West India or London Docks, or any of the Wharfs, Quays, Warehouses, Offices or Places belonging thereto.

All Clerks and Persons of every Description, employed either constantly or occasionally in or about any of the Offices or Employments enumerated or described in this Table, pr in any Way acting or assisting in the Execution or Discharge of any of the Duties or Business thereof.

See the Act to which this Table is annexed. § 9.

Cc 4

392 C. 82. 4(>° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

TABLE (B).

A TABLE of the Hours and Times of Attendance to be observed by Officers and other Persons employed in the Service of His Majesty's Customs, in the Port of

The several Officers, Clerks and other Persons, employed in the Execution or Discharge of the Duties of any of the Offices or Employments particularly enumerated or described in this Table, shall attend at their respective Offices or Places appointed or to be appointed for that Purpose, from the Tenth Day of November to the Ninth Day of May both inclusive, in every Year, from the Hour of Nine in every Morning to the Hour of Four in every Afternoon; and from the Tenth Day of May to the Ninth Day of November both inclusive in every Year, from the Hour of Eight in every Morning to the Hour of Four in every Afternoon; Sundays and the Days appointed to be kept as Holidays by the Act [See § 6.] to which this Table is annexed, excepted; ,

INWARDS.

Landing Surveyors.

Deputy King’s Waiters.

Acting King’s Waiters.

Landing Waiters of every Description, and Persons acting as Landing Waiters.

Gaugers *

Surveyor of the King’s Warehouse, his Assistants, and every Officer nr other Person employed in or about the King’s Warehouse.

Warehouse Keepers of every Description.

Controllers on Warehouse Keepers of every Description.

Surveyor of the East India Warehouses, Inspector of the Delivery of all unrated East India Goods, and all other Officers and Persons employed in or about any of the Warehouses wherein East India Goods are or may be deposited and secured.

Husband for taking up and receiving all Goods consigned from His Majesty's Plantations on Account of the Four and a Half . per Centum Duty, and his Assistant.

Controller on the Husband.

Clerk of the Cheque.

Appointers of Weighers.

OUTWARDS.

Surveyors of the Searchers.

Searchers of every Description, and Persons acting as Searchers,

COASTWISE.

Surveyor of the Coast Waiters.

Coast Waiters of every Description, and Persons acting as Coast Waiters.

WATER GUARD.

Register for the Tide Waiters.

Register for the Watermen;

& Gate

A.D. 1806. 46° GEO. III. C. 82, 83. 39a

Gate Keepers and Messengers employed in any of the Offices or Employments mentioned in this Table.

All Officers, Clerks and other Persons employed in or about the West India or London Docks, or any of the Wharfs, Quays,

Warehouses, Offices or Places belonging thereto.

All other Officers, Clerks and Persons employed in the Service of His Majesty's Customs in the Port of, whether ap-

pointed by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in, or

, by Deputation, or other Instrument or Authority of any Patentee, or other Officer or Person whatever, shall attend at the several Offices or Places appointed, or to be appointed, for the Execution and Discharge of their respective Duties on every Day in the Year, from the Hour of Ten in every Morning until the .Hour of Three in every Afternoon, Sundays and the Days appointed. to be kept as Holidays, by the Act to which this Table [§ 6.]

is annexed, excepted.

For the Attendance of Officers and other Persons at any Time when the Public Service shall so require, and for the Attendance [&?<?§ 9.} of Clerks and of Officers and Persons receiving daily Pay, or employed on the Water Guard, see the Act to which this Table is annexed.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Receiver

General of the Post Office in England.

[12th July 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Regulations should be established by Law in the Post Office, that all Monies,

Bills and Drafts received on Account of the Revenue under the

4 Management of the General Post Office, should be lodged in

the Bank of England, and that all Payments previous to its being

carried into the Exchequer should be made by Drafts on the

Bank:’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Fifth Money, Bills,

Day of July One thousand eight hundred and six, all Sums of received by

Money, Bills and Drafts, received by the Receiver General of the p6Ceivr f

Post Office, on Account of the Revenue under the Management p^OfiTce tcT

of the General Post Office shall, the Day after the same shall have be paid by hin *

been received, or the Day after any Bill shall have been accepted into the Bank,

(if the same was not accepted at the Time it was received by the who shfth °Pen

Receiver General) be paid by him into the Hands of the Governor aa Account

and Company of the Bank of England, for which the Receipt of thereo *

the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company shall

be a sufficient Discharge; and all such Monies, Bills and Drafts

so to be paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of

landy shall be placed to an Account to be raised in the Books of

the said Governor and Company, and to be intituled The Account

of the Public Monies of the Receiver General of the Post,

inserting the Name of such Receiver General for the time being.

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it Receiver shall be lawful for the Receiver General of the Post Office from General may

time

S94

C. 83.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Bank to make Entries of Receipts to be returned to Post Office for Inspection of Accountant General *

How weekly

retain Sums time to time to retain in his Hands, out of the Monies received

herein men- by him as such Receiver General, such Sums of Money, not ex-

tionea. ceeding the Sum of Three hundred Pounds in each Week, (unless

any larger Sum shall be allowed to be retained with the Permission in Writing of any Three or more of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury,) as the Post Master General shall from time to time direct for the making of Payments of Tradesmen’s Bills, and casual and ordinary and small Disbursements.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or some Person duly authorized in that Behalf, shall daily upon receiving any Money, Bills or Drafts from the Receiver General of the Post Office, make an Entry of the Money, Bills and Drafts so received, in a Book to be provided and sent for that Purpose by the Receiver General of the Post Office, which shall be forthwith returned to the Post Office, and inspected daily after its Return by the Accountant General of the Post Office, or his Deputy, who shall compare the same with the Book kept by such Accountant General, for the Purpose of seeing that the Receiver General constantly pays into the Bank all the Money, Bills and Drafts, which he ought to do under the Provisions of this Act; and any Default which such Accountant General or his Deputy may discover in that Behalf shall be immediately reported to the Postmaster General.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the weekly Payments into Payments made jbe Exchequer of the Monies arising by the Duties under the Exdi?uer mt° Management of the Post Office pursuant to Law, shall be made in

xc equer. ]y[armer following; (that is to say,) the said Receiver General shall make an Order upon the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to write off from his Account the Sum desired, which Order shall be countersigned by the Accountant General of the Post Office or his Deputy, and the said Governor and Company, or some Person duly authorized in that Behalf, shall upon Receipt of such Order write off such Sum and deliver a spoiled or cancelled Note for the Amount to the Receiver General or his Clerk, who shall pay the same into the Exchequer; and the Bank Clerks attending there shall receive the same as so much Cash.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Receiver General shall make all other Payments required to be made out of the Monies to be deposited in the Bank of England by Drafts on the said Bank, which Drafts shall be countersigned by the Accountant

orf Bank General of the Post Office, or his Deputy, and shall specify the

* ’particular Service, Salary or other Charge or Expence, for the

Payment whereof the said Draft was given; and every such Draft shall also have marked in the Margin thereof a Figure corresponding to the Page in a Book to be kept by the said Receiver General, wherein Entry shall be made of the particular Service, Salary or other Charge or Expence, for the Payment of which such Draft shall be given.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Drafts drawn pursuant to any of the Directions of this Act but not otherwise, shall be sufficient Authority to the Bank of England to pay the Amount thereof to the Persons mentioned in such Drafts, or to the Bearer of them.

VII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Resignation or Removal of the present and of every other Receiver

General

All other Payments by Receiver General to be

Drafts sufficient Authority to Bank.

On Death, &c of Receiver

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 83* 84.

395

General of the Post Office hereafter to be appointed, the Balance of Cash for which he shall at that Time have Credit oft his Account as Receiver General with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall, as soon as a Successor shall be appointed to the said Office, actually vest in such Successor in Trust for the Service of the Public, and be forthwith transferred, carried over and placed to the Account of such Successor, to be applied to the said Service in pursuance of the like Drafts and Orders as aforesaid; and the Receiver General for the time being shall and he is hereby directed and required to issue his Drafts and Orders as / aforesaid for all unsatisfied Charges and Demands on Account of

the Public Services, although the same shall have accrued in the time of any former Receiver General.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and six, the Receiver General of the Post Office for the time being shall keep the Account with the Bank of all Monies issued on his Account for the Service of the Public; and the said Receiver General, observing the Rules and Regulations hereoy prescribed, shall not be answerable for any Money which he shall have so paid into the Bank of England; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be answerable for all the Monies which shall be actually received by them as aforesaid from the Receiver General of the Post Office.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or assist in forging or counterfeiting the Name or Hand Writing of the Receiver General of the Post Office for the time being, or his Clerk, to any Draft, Instrument or Writing whatsoever, for or in order to the receiving or obtaining any of the Money in the Hands or Custody of the Governor and Company of the Bank of

England, on Account of the Receiver General of the Post Office, or shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any Draft, Instrument or Writing, in Form of a Draft made by such Receiver General or his Deputy, or shall utter or publish any such, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with an Intention to defraud any Person whomsoever, or any Corporation, every such Person or Persons so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be and is and are hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

* Act may be altered, &c. this Session. §10.

[Amended, 47 G. 3. sess. 2. c. 59. — Receiver General of the Duties of Postage to pay into the Exchequer in the Manner directed by this Act in respect of Payments into the Bank.~\

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act to grant certain Allowances out of the Duties, under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, to Persons in respect of the Number of their Children.

[12th 1806.]

{Repealed, 56 G. 3. c 11.]

General, Balance in Bank to vest in Successor j

who may draw for unsatisfied Charges,

Receiver General to keep Account in the Bank.

Forging

Instruments,

&c.

Felony

without Clergy.

396

EXP. 43 G. 3. c. 63.

C. 85, 86, 46° GEO. III. A/D. ISO6,

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act for reviving and continuing until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Manner in which the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies shall hire and take up Ships for their regular Service.

[12th July 1806.]

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to grant the Castle of

wich, with the Common Gaol, Castle Hill and certain Land adjacent thereto, in the County of and for

vesting the same in His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, for the Use thereof; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[12th July 1806.]

* TX7 WHEREAS the Castle of N, with the Common Gaol, ‘ Castle Hill and circumjacent Ground, containing about

‘ Six Acres One Rood and Thirteen Perches, is Part of the County

* oi' Norfolk, although surrounded by the City and County of the

* City of Norwich: And Whereas the King’s most Excellent Majesty, in Right of His Crown, is seised in Fee Simple of the said

* Castle, Castle Hill, Common Gaol and circumjacent Ground:

‘ And Whereas from Time immemorial the Assizes and Quarter

* Sessions of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk have been

holden at the Storehouse within the said Castle, and the public

Records of the said County are deposited, and the public Busi-

ness of the said County hath been transacted there, and the •« Common Gaol and Prison of the said County of Norfolk adjoins ‘ to and forms a Part of the said Castle: And Whereas by Letters

Patent under the Great Seal of Great, bearing Date On

‘ or about the Eighth Day of April in the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy three, the King’s most Excellent

* Majesty was graciously pleased, with the Advice of the First

* Commissioner of the Treasury, and Chancellor and Under

Treasurer of the Exchequer, and the Commissioners of the

* Treasury, to demise, grant and to farm let, unto George Earl

of Or ford, Horatio Lord Walpole, Edmund Junior,

Anthony Norris and Edward Bacon Esquires, and the Survivor

of them, and the Executors and Administrators of such Sur-

vivor, in Trust for the Justices of the Peace for the County of

Norfolk in their General Quarter Session assembled, the Castle

* and Premises aforesaid, by the Description of "All that Piece or Parcel of Ground situate within and near the Centre of the

City of Norwich, called Castle together with the Ditch

surrounding the same, and the circumjacent Ground thereto belonging and bordering thereupon, containing in the Whole by

Admeasurement Six Acres One Rood and Thirteen Perches, as

* the same is bounded by Four Stone Posts fixed thereupon,

situate, lying and being within the County of and out

of the Jurisdiction of the County of the City of Norwich, and

also all that the Common Gaol in the said County of Norfolk,

commonly

A.D. 1806'.

46° GEO. III. C. 8G.

397

commonly called the Castle of Norwich, and the Shirehouse where the Assizes and Sessions for the said County are held,

and all other Buildings, with the Appurtenances situate, standing and being on the said Ground, or any Part thereof, (excepting all that Messuage, House or Tenement situate on the Castle Hill aforesaid, called The Hill H, then or late in the Occupation of George Gynne, Gaoler, with the Appurtenances,)

all which said Premises are in the said Letters Patent stated to be more particularly described in a Plan thereof, remaining in the Office of His Majesty's Surveyor General, taken by Thomas Emerson in the Month of August One thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, together with all Ditches, Glacis, Ramparts,

4 Mounds, Wastes, Sewers, Banks, Fences, Walls and other Works belonging to the said Castle, and all Ways, Passages, Lights,

4 Easements, Waters, Watercourses, Cellars, Sollars, Profits, Com- modifies, Advantages and Appurtenances whatsoever, to the said Piece or Parcel of Ground, Buildings and Premises, belonging or in any wise appertaining, or therewith used and enjoyed, to hold the said Premises (except as aforesaid) , unto the said Lessees and the Survivor of them, and the Executors and Administrators of such Survivor, in Trust for the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk in their General f Quarter Session assembled, for the Term of Thirty one Years,

4 to commence from the Date of the said Letters Patent, rendering and paying therefore to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His 4 Heirs and Successors, for and out of the said Premises, the Yearly Rent or Sum of Three Shillings and Four Pence, at or into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at, or

4 to the Hands of His Majesty's Bailiff or Receiver General for the time being of the said County of, at or upon the

4 Feast Day of Saint Michael the Archangel in every Year of the said Term of Thirty one Years; subject, amongst other Tilings,

4 to a Proviso in the same Letters Patent contained, that it should and might be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors,

at any Time thereafter during the said Term thereby granted, to resume all or any Part of the said Premises thereby demised,

4 in case any Necessity should arise for erecting any Public Works within the Bounds of the said Premises, without any Compen- v 4 sation whatever to be made for such Resumption: And Whereas His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County of Norfolk, have from time to time expended considerable Sums of Money out of the County Stock, for the Purpose of repairing, enlarging and improving the said Gaol; And 4 Whereas the Courts in the said Shirehouse in which the Assizes and Quarter Sessions are held are not sufficiently large for the Purposes for which they are used, and are otherwise incom- modious; and no proper Place is provided for depositing, keeping and preserving the public Records of the said County or And Whereas, upon the humble Application of the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County of Norfolk in Quarter 4. Sessions assembled, and in consideration that the said Castle and Gaol, with the Castle Hill and circumjacent Ground, have always been dedicated to the public Use of the said County, and that considerable Charges have heretofore been incurred by the County

4 in

398

C. 86.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Tor vesting the Castle Gaol and Castle Hill in the Justices for the County of Norfolk.

Gaol to continue the Common Gaol for the County.

* in repairing and rebuilding the same, and that further Expences

* must be incurred in improving and making the said Buildings commodious, and keeping the same in Repair, His Majesty has been most graciously pleased to signify His Royal Pleasure,

that, so far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, the said Castle and Castle Hill, with the Gaol and circumjacent Ground,

should be absolutely vested in His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the time being acting in and for the said County of Norfolk, on the Terms and Conditions herein mentioned: But

as such Purposes cannot be affected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the said Castle and Gaol, with the Castle Hill and circumjacent Ground, and all and every the Premises comprized in the said Letters Patent, and thereby granted and demised, shall be and the same is and are hereby granted and confirmed unto, and shall be vested for ever in His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the time being acting in and for the said Countjr of No folk, freed and absolutely discharged from all Claim, Right and Title of His Majesty in Right of His Crown, His Heirs and Successors.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Gaol shall continue to be the public Common Gaol for the said County of and the said Gaol, with the Castle and Shirehouse, Buildings and Appurtenances, adjoining and belonging thereto, shall from time to time be maintained, supported, repaired, rebuilt, enlarged and improved, by and under the Order and Direction of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of,

in their Quarter Sessions of the Peace held in the said Shirehouse, or of the major Part of them then and there assembled, by such Ways and Means, and by and out of such County Stock and Monies to be raised and levied by County Rates or otherwise, and in such Manner as other Gaols are or by Law ought to be maintained, supported, repaired and rebuilt; and the Sheriff of the County of Norfolk for the time being shall have the keeping of the said Gaol, and shall from time to time appoint a proper Person to be the Gaoler of the said Gaol, and shall have full Power and

Authority from time to time to displace and remove such Gaoler, in the same Manner as the said Sheriff and his Predecessors hath and have been used and accustomed to do.

For authorizing

III. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace the Justices to acting in and for the said County of No folk, in their General pay out of the Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County in the said County Rates a ghirehouse, or the Major Part of them then and there assembled, Salary to the gjiajj an(j may from tjme to time allow, order and direct such Sa-30 01 lary or other Gratuity or Reward to be paid out of the County

Rates to any such Gaoler so to be appointed as aforesaid, at such Times, in such Manner, and under such Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, as to the said Justices, or the major Part of them so assembled as aforesaid, shall from time to time seem meet and

pr0per- IV. And

I

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 86.

599

IV. And be it further enacted and declared, That it shall and Empowering may be lawful to and for the said Justices of the Peace acting in the Justices to and for the said County of Norfolk, at their General Quarter Ses- alter

sions of the Peace to be from time to time holden and kept in the g^irehouse. said Shirehouse, or the major Part of them then and there assembled, to order and direct, and to cause the said Castle, Shirehouse and Gaol, to be altered, repaired, rebuilt, enlarged and improved from time to time, as Occasion may require, and to provide suitable Courts and Rooms and other Accommodations, in the said Shirehouse, for the holding and keeping the Assizes and Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and for depositing and preserving the public Records of the said County of Norfolk therein, as the said Justices in their said General Quarter Sessions, or the major Part of them assembled in the said Shirehouse, shall in their Discretion deem to be proper and necessary, and the Costs, Charges and E^pences to be from time to time incurred thereby shall, by the Order of the said Justices, or the major Part of them, so assembled as aforesaid, be defrayed by and out of the County Stock or Money to be from time to time raised and levied by the County Rates within the said County of Noifolk and that all and every the Powers, Clauses, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, contained in an Act, passed in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to explain 24 G. 3. sess. 2. and amend an Act made in the Eleventh and Tvoelfth Years of the c. 54.

Reign of King William the Third, intituled An Act to enable (tices of the Peace to build and repair Gaols in their 6 Counties, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, save and.

except such Part and Parts thereof as may be varied, altered or repealed, or otherwise provided for by this Act, shall be as good, valid and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Damaging the shall wilfully and maliciously break, pull down or in any Manner Buildings, damage or destroy the said Gaol or Shirehouse, or any Building 5111216 Felony* or Buildings now erected or built, or hereafter to be erected or

built in Manner aforesaid upon the said Castle Hill, or upon any of the Ground hereby vested in the said Justices as aforesaid, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, then and in every such Case every such Person, being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and the Coui^t before which such Person or Persons shall be tried shall have full Power and.

Authority either to order such Person or Persons to be transported for the Term of Seven Years to such Place, and in such Manner, as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, or to suffer such Corporal Punishment, or to be punished by Fine or Imprisonment, as the Court before, which such Person or Persons shall be tried shall deem fit and proper to order and inflict; and the said Justices of the Peace in their said Quarter Sessions assembled are hereby authorized from time to time to order such Offender or Offenders as aforesaid to be prosecuted by Indictment or Indictments at the Assizes to be held in and for the County of No folk, and to direct the Expences of such Prosecutions to be paid by the Treasurer of the County of

Norfolk

400

4(5° GEO. III.

The Castle, Ga'ol and other Buildings vested in the Justices for the County in Trust, to permit the Assizes, Sessions, &c. to be held there.

Justices to sue and Be sued in the Name of the Clerk of the Peace.

C. 86.

A.D. 1806.

Norfolk For the time being out of the County Stock or Money to be levied and raised by the County Rates within the said County of Norfolk; and in every such Indictment and Indictments the said Castle, Storehouse, Gaol and Buildings, shall be alleged and described to be the Castle, Shirehouse, Gaol or Buildings (as the Case may happen) of the Justices of the Peace for the County of Norfolk, without particularly stating or specifying the Name or Names of all or any of the said Justices.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Castle,

Shirehouse, Gaol and other Buildings, with the Castle Hill and circumjacent Ground and Premises, shall at all Times, from and after the passing of this Act, be vested in, and the same is and are hereby declared to be vested in His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County of Norfolk for the time being, upon Trust, and to the End, Intent and Purpose that the said Justices shall and do from time to time, and at all times for ever hereafter, peaceably and quietly allow, permit and suffer the Assizes and Courts of Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and all other Courts and Meetings for the said County of Norfolk for the public Administration of Justice, and transacting the public Affairs and Business of the said County, to be holden and kept in and upon the said Castle and Shirehouse, and the Appurtenances thereto belonging, in the same Manner as such Assizes, Sessions, Courts and Meetings have been heretofore usually holden and kept there; and the said Justices shall also allow and suffer the same to be had. Used and enjoyed for all such other public Uses and Purposes as the Justices of the Peace for the said County of, or the major

Part of them, at their Michaelmas General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in the said Shirehouse, shall from time to time order, direct and appoint, with free Liberty for all Persons whom it shall or may concern to act and officiate in, and resort to, and attend upon the said Assizes, Sessions, Courts and Meetings, as they shall have Occasion, or think proper.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk for the time being, shall and may Sue and be sued in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity^ for or in respect of any Claim, Contract or other Matter or Thing made or done, or to be made or done by them, or any of them, under the Authority of this Act, or for and in respect of or concerning any Nuisance, Encroachment or Trespass made, done or committed, or hereafter to be had, made, done or committed by any Person or Persons whomsoever, in or upon the said Castle, Shirehouse, Gaol and other Buildings, or in or upon the said Castle Hill and circumjacent Ground and Premises, hereby vested in the said Justices as aforesaid, or in or upon any Part or Parts thereof respectively, in the Name of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, or his Deputy for the time being; and in the commencing, prosecuting, carrying on and defending any such Suits or Actions, the said Castle, Shirehouse, Gaol and Buildings, with the said Castle Hill and circumjacent Ground and Premises, shall be deemed and considered in Law to be, and shall be described to be in the Possession of the said Justices for the time being, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and no such Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by or against the said

21 Justices,

46° GEO. III

C. 86, 87.

401

A.D. 1806.

Justices, or any of them, by virtue of this Act, in the Name of the said Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy for the time being, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or for any act of the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy for the time being, done or omitted to be done without the Consent of the said Justices of the Peace for the time being, but that such Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy for the time being, shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in all such Suits or Actions (as the Case may be); and that in all In Actions and every such Action and Suit, Actions and Suits, to be brought ?e^or^payin^ and commenced as aforesaid, no Person or Persons whomsoever _^un^ shall be deemed incompetent to give Evidence by Reason of his, Evidenced her or their paying or contributing, or being liable to pay or contribute towards the public Stock of the said County of, or

by reason of his, her or their being charged with or liable to pay any of the County Rates within the same County: Provided ai- Proviso, ways, That every such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy for the time being, shall from time to time forthwith, by Order of the said Justices, or the major Part of them in Session assembled, be reimbursed and paid by the Treasurer of the said County of Norfolk out of the County Stock and Money to be raised by the County Rates of the same County, the full Costs, Damages and Expences, bona fide expended or incurred for or by reason of his being made a Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges and Expences of

Expences in any wise incident to or attending the soliciting, ob- Act how taining and passing of this Act, shall be levied and raised out of defrayed, the public Stock or County Rates of the said County of,

and shall be paid by the Treasurer of the said County to the Clerk of the Peace or other Person entitled to receive the same, by and under the Order of the Justices of the Peace for the said County, or the major Part of them, assembled at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County, which shall be held in the said Storehouse next after the passing of this Act.

IX. Saving always to all and every Body and Bodies Politic, General Saving, Corporate or Collegiate, and to all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, his, her or their Heirs, Successors, Executors and Administrators (other than and except the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, His Heirs and Successors) , all such Estate, Right, Title and Interest, as they, every or any of them, could or ought to have enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

[Public Act.]

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice

of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act more effectually to regulate the Collection of the Duties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported or exported into or from Ireland; and the Payment of Bounties, Allowances and Drawbacks thereon.

[12th 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to consolidate and amend the several Laws now in force for regulating the Collection of the Duties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported or 46 Geo. III. D d exported

402

C. 87.

A.D. 1806.

Goods imported dr exported without Entry may be seized.

Entry to distinguish. Number and Marks of Packages, and Contents of Goods therein.

[Penalty.]

On Seizures for false Entry, Proof of Ownership on the Persons claiming.

Post Entries to be made within Seven Days.

Penalty 50l.

46° GEO. III.

exported into or from Ireland, and the Payment of Bounties,

* Allowances and Drawbacks thereon, and to provide for the greater Ease and Convenience of Persons engaged in or carrying on Trade, and for preventing Frauds, in the Collection of the said Duties and in the Payment of the said Drawbacks, Alldw- ances and Bounties Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, all Goods, Wares and Merchandize whatever, which shall be unshipped or shipped off at any time before due Entry shall be made of the same, with the proper Officer of the Customs, or Warrant or Licence had and obtained from such Officer, shall be forfeited, and may be seized.

II. And be it further enacted, That every such Entry shall contain the following Particulars in Figures and Words at length; that is to say, the several and respective Numbers of the Packages, Casks or Vessels in which the Goods mentioned in any such Entry are contained, with a particular Description of such Packages, Casks or Vessels, and of the Name by which such Packages, Casks or Vessels respectively are usually called and known, and a Representation of the several Marks on each such Package, Cask or Vessel, together with a particular Account, specifying the Denomination and Description of the Contents of each such Package, Cask or Vessel; and if the Package, Cask or Vessel in which any Goods or Merchandize mentioned in such Entry shall be contained, be not described in the Manner herein directed, or if the Goods contained in each particular Package, Cask or Vessel, shall not agree with the Account of the Contents of Such Package, Cask or Vessel, such Goods and Merchandize, together with the Package, Cask or Vessel in which the same shall be contained, shall be forfeited, and may be seized.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be seized as being entered in the Name of any other than the true Owner and Proprietor of the same, then and in such Case the Proof that such Goods, Wares or Merchandize were entered in the Name of the true Owner and Proprietor thereof, shall lie on the Person who shall claim such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and it shall not lie on the Officer or Officers who shall seize the same, to prove that such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, were entered in the Name of any other than the true Owner and Proprietor thereof.

XV. And Whereas Persons importing into Ireland the following Goods and Merchandize; that is to say, Spirits, Wines, Hops, 4 Sugars, Coffee, Salt, Lemons, Oranges and Timber, have been sometimes permitted to make a Prime Entry of such Goods and Merchandize, as containing a less Quantity than they really contain, on account of their not being able exactly to ascertain the Quantities thereof, and afterwards to make a Post Entry of the Quantities deficient in such Prime Entry Be it enacted, That in all such Cases such Post Entry shall be made within Seven Days after the Weight, Quantity, Quality and Contents of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall be respectively ascertained by the proper Officer, or in default thereof the Person neglecting to make -such Post Entry shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

21 V. And

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 87.

403

V. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares and Mer- Goods not chandize not entered, mentioned or set forth in the Invoice of any mentioned in Ship or Vessel, and found on board such Ship or Vessel after Invoices Twenty four Hours from the time of such Invoice being made, forfelte^* shall be forfeited, and may be seized.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Master or Com- Packet Boats mander of any Ship, Vessel or Boat appointed or employed ordi- importing or narily by His Majesty's Postmasters General in Great Britain or exporting

Ireland, for the Carriage of Letters and Packets, shall, without the subject

Licence of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in to uty* Ireland, previously obtained, knowingly import or export, or cause, permit or suffer to be imported or exported in such Ship,

Vessel or Boat, any Goods, Wares or Merchandize subject to such Duty, such Master or Commander shall forfeit the Sum of Penalty.

One hundred Pounds, together with the Value of such Goods and Merchandize so imported or exported, and all such Goods and Merchandize so imported shall be forfeited, and may be seized.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares and Goods stranded Merchandize which shall be saved out of any Ship or Vessel that to Pay Customs shall happen to be forced on Shore or stranded on the Coast of u^e^Direc^mi

Ireland, not being wrecked Goods, Jetsom, Flotsam or, of Com-

shall be entered with the proper Officer as if the said Goods were missioners regularly imported, and after Charges of Salvage and other of Customs Charges paid, shall be subject to the Payment of the like Duties, with Direction and the Owners be entitled to the like Drawbacks on Exportation, Treasury, and the like Allowances and Abatements as such Goods, Wares and Merchandize would be liable unto, or the Owners be entitled to have, in case the same were regularly imported:Provided always, that if any Ship or Vessel shall be so forced on Shore or stranded, at any Port or Place in Ireland, to which such Ship or Vessel was not bound, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties to order and direct that any Goods,

Wares and Merchandize which were on board such Ship or Vessel, may be reshipped or transshipped into the said Ship or into any other Ship or Vessel, without the Payment of any Duties or Fees thereon, after Payment of Salvage, and all other Charges of Proviso for preserving and reshipping or transshipping the same, under such Payment of Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, and subject to such Condi- Salvage, re-tions as such Commissioners shall require, by and with the Ap- shiPPmS> &c* probation or Direction of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- Goods paying ful for any Officer of Customs to open and examine all Goods, Duty ad valo-Wares and Merchandize imported, subject to Duty valorem^ remipaybe ^nd if upon such Examination it shall appear that the Value sworn Officers^md to or affirmed on the Entry thereof, is less than the true Value the Xmount (except in the Case of Statues and Paintings) , it shall and may be with lol. per lawful for such Officer to detain such Goods, Wares and Mer- Cent, paid to chandize, and to cause the same to be conveyed into any of His Merchant. Majesty's Warehouses; and it shall and may be lawful for the

said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and they are hereby empowered to direct the Collector of the Port whjere such Goods, Wares or Merchandize may have been entered, to pay out of any Money in his Hands to the Proprietor of such Goods,

D d 2 Wares

404

C. 87.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Such Goods may be sold, and Produce paid to the Crown, allowing One Half of the Overplus to the Officer.

Wares or Merchandize, or to the Person making any such Entry, the Value of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, as sworn to or affirmed on the Entry thereof, together with an Addition of Ten Pounds per Centum thereon, and also the Duties paid on such Goods, but without any further Allowance whatsoever; which Payment the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties are hereby directed to cause to be made within Thirty Days after the Goods shall be so taken and detained.

IX. And be it further enacted, That such Payment so made shall be deemed to be in full Satisfaction for such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, to all Intents and Purposes as if such Goods, Wares and Merchandize respectively had been regularly sold; and that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, whether the Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize so respectively ascertained, together with the Addition of Ten Pounds,

and also the Duties paid thereon be demanded or not, to cause the said Goods, Wares or Merchandize respectively to be fairly and publicly sold to the best Advantage, not sooner than Twenty Days after the Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be so taken and detained; and in case there shall be any Overplus remaining from the Produce of such Sale, after deducting the Value so ascertained as aforesaid, together with the Addition of Ten Pounds per Centum, and also the Duties paid or payable thereon, and the Charges of warehousing and selling such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, to order One Moiety of such Overplus to be paid to the Officer or Officers of the Customs who shall have opened and examined such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, as an Encouragement for the faithful Discharge of his or their Duty, and the other Moiety, together with the Amount of the Value of the Goods, Wares or Merchandize, so ascertained as aforesaid, with the Addition of Ten Pounds per, and also of the Duties payable

thereon, shall be paid into the Hands of the Collector of the Port within which such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall have been sold, for the Benefit of His Majesty; but in case the Produce of ie such Sale, after deducting the Charge arising from the Warehous-produce paid to ing, Securing and Sale of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, the Collector. shall not exceed or amount to so much as the Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize so ascertained as aforesaid, with the Addition of Ten Pounds per, and of the Duties payable thereon, then the whole Produce of the Sale of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, after deducting the Charges arising from the Warehousing, Securing and Sale thereof, shall be paid to the Collector of the Port within which such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall have been so sold, for the Use of His Majesty.

* X. And Whereas in many Cases the Casks or Packages, which

contain Goods, Wares or Merchandize subject to Duty ad

valorem, are also of a certain Value Be it enacted, That in all Cases where such Casks or Packages are of real Value, more than the usual or necessary Casks or Packages for such Goods or Merchandize are or ought to be, they shall be entered, and the Value thereof, if entered ad valorem, shall in every Valuation be added to the Value of the Goods, and pay Duty accordingly. [See the same Provision, 54 G. 3. c. 129 § 29.]

In what Case the whole of the

Packages, if valuable, shall pay Duty ad valorem.

A.D. 1806. 46° GEO. III. C. 87.

XI. And be it farther enacted, That in all Cases, where by this

Act, or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Revenues under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, any Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall and may be seized or detained, it shall and may be lawful for the Officer seizing and detaining the same also to seize and detain the Casks and Packages in which such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall be respectively contained, and such Casks and Packages shall be dealt with in all respects in the same Manner as the Goods, Wares and Merchandize so seized and detained. [Seethesame

vision, 54 G.3. c. 129. § 30.]

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or for the Collector or other chief Officer of the Port for the time being in their respective Districts, in all Cases where Goods are or shall be entered on Bills of Store or Bills of View, and brought into His Majesty's Warehouses for the Security of the Duties thereon, except such Goods, Wares and Merchandize respecting which any special Provision is made by this or any other Act or Acts in Force in Ireland, to cause all such Goods, if perishable, which shall have remained there for the Space of Two Months, and if not perishable, for the Space of Six Months, the Duties upon which have not been paid or secured as the Law directs, to be publicly sold by Auction or Inch of Candle as soon as conveniently they can, and after such Sale the Produce thereof shall be first applied towards Payment of the Duties, and of the Storage, and all other Charges thereon, and the Overplus (if any) shall be rendered and paid to the Proprietor or other Person lawfully authorized to receive the same: Provided always, that before any such Sale shall be made of any perishable Goods, Three Days Notice thereof, and before any such Sale of Goods not perishable, then One Month’s Notice thereof, and of the Place, Day and Hour of making such Sale respectively shall be publicly posted up, and kept exposed to open View in the Long Room at the Custom House of the Port where such Sale is to be made, specifying each Article and Tackage, and the respective Marks thereon.

[Collectors of Customs to bring to Account proceeds of Goods soldy 1 & 2 G.4. c. 103.]

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Goods, Wares or Merchandize subject or liable to the Payment of Duty upon Import, shall, either within Eight Leagues of the Shore of Ireland, or within any Port, Harbour, Haven or Creek in Ireland, be unshipped, or shall be taken out of any Ship or Vessel at Sea, in order to be put into any other Vessel, Ship or Boat, or shall be taken out of any Ship or Vessel in order to be landed, without first paying o'r securing according to Law all Duties payable by Law thereon, all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall be forfeited, and the Master or other Person having Charge of such Ship, Boat or other Vessel, into or out of which any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be taken or put as aforesaid, shall forfeit Treble the Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, unless in case of unavoidable Distress or Necessity (of which the Master or other Person having Charge of such Ship, Boat or

D d 3 other

450

Packages may be seized, &c. together with Goods contained in them.

Goods stored for Security of Duties may be sold if perishable within Two Months, or else within Six Months.

Notice of Sale.

Unshipping at Sea, &c. Goods liable to Import Duties.

[Penalty.]

40G

G. 87.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

For preventing smuggling of Spirits, Tea, Tobacco of prohibited Goods.

Proviso for Stress of Weather, &c.

other Vessel shall immediately upon his Arrival give Notice in Writing, and make Proof thereof before the chief Officer or Officers of the Customs in the first Port in Ireland where he shall arrive).

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Brandy, Rum or other Spirits, in any Cask, Bottle, Jar or other Vessel or Package under Sixty Gallons gauge, save and except Spirits of Vitriol or other Spirits used in the Linen Manufacture, and Cordial Waters, or if any Teas (except such Teas as shall be exported from Great Britain to Ireland in Packages, containing not less than Ten Pounds each) , or if any Tobacco in any Package, containing less than Four hundred and fifty Suttle Pounds Weight, or if any Coffee in any Package, containing less than One hundred and twelve Pounds Weight, or if any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, by Law liable to Forfeiture upon Importation into, shall

be found on board any Ship, Vessel or Boat, in any Bay, Port, Harbour, Creek, Haven, River or other Place in or within

Eight Leagues of the Shore thereof, or shall be discovered so to have been, although Bulk shall not appear to have been broken, or although it shall not appear that any of the said Goods, Wares or Merchandize before mentioned, were run or attempted to have been run out of such Ship, Vessel or Boat, in every such Case all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, so found on board such Ship, Vessel or Boat, and also such Ship, Vessel or Boat, with all her Guns, Tackle, Furniture, Ammunition and Apparel shall be forfeited; and if any Ship, Vessel or Boat shall be found in any Bay, Port, Harbour, Haven, River, Creek or other Place in Ireland, or within Eight Leagues of the Shore thereof, or shall be discovered so to have been, although such Goods, Wares or Merchandize before mentioned, or any of them, shall not be found on board such Ship, Vessel or Boat, upon Proof made that any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, have been taken from on board such Ship, Vessel or Boat, or landed in any Part of Ireland, then every such Ship, Vessel or Boat, with all her Guns, Tackle, Furniture, Ammunition and Apparel, and all Goods, Wares and Merchandize on board, shall be forfeited, over and above any other Penalty or Forfeiture for the said Offence:Provided always, that, no such Forfeiture shall be incurred in case such Ship, Vessel or Boat, not being bound for any Port in Ireland, shall be driven in by unavoidable Necessity and Distress, provided the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship, Vessel or Boat, shall immediately after the Arrival of such Ship, Vessel or Boat, in any Bay, Port, Harbour, Haven, River, Creek or other Place in Ireland, give Notice in Writing, and make satisfactory Proof of the Port to which such Ship, Vessel or Boat was bound, and also of such Necessity and Distress, to and before the chief Officer of the Customs at the Port or Place where such Ship, Boat or Vessel shall arrive:Provided also, that it shall be lawful to have so much Tea, Brandy, Rum or other Spirits for the Use of the Seamen then belonging to and on board such Ship, Vessel or Boat, as shall not exceed in Quantity more than Two Gallons of Spirits nor more than One Pound of Tea, nor more than Two Pounds of Tobacco, for each Seaman belonging to such Ship, Vessel or Boat,

A.D. 1806.

C. 87-

407

46° GEO. III.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Ship, Vessel or Boat shall come into any Bay, Port, Plarbour, Haven, River, Creek or other Place in Iror shall be within Eight Leagues of the Shore thereof; and any Spirits, Teas or Tobacco, or any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, shall be unlawfully landed from such Ship, Vessel or Boat, such Ship, Vessel or Boat, together with all her Guns, Tackle, Furniture, Ammunition and Apparel shall be forfeited, and also the Remainder of the Cargo of such Ship, Vessel or Boat; notwithstanding such Ship, Vessel or Boat was forced into Ireland, or was within Eight Leagues of the Shore thereof, by unavoidable Necessity or Distress.

XVI. And Whereas by several Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland, certain Ships, Vessels and Boats in the said Acts respectively particularly described, are, if found in any Bay, Port,;

4 Harbour, Haven, River or Creek in Ireland, or within Four Leagues of the Shore thereof, or discovered so to have been.

under certain Circumstances subject and liable to Forfeiture,

together with all Goods on board any such Ship, Vessel or Boat,

* and the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel thereof: And Whereas it is expedient that the Provisions of the said Acts should be extended Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, every Ship, Vessel and Boat, which, under and by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, or of any of the Provisions in any such Act or Acts contained, would be subject and liable to Forfeiture for hovering, or being found or discovered to have been within Four Leagues of the Shore of Ireland, shall, with all her Guns, Tackle, Furniture, ' Ammunition and Apparel, and all Goods and Commodities on board, be subject and liable to Forfeiture, if hovering or found or discovered to have been within Eight Leagues of the Shore o£ Ireland, under any of the Circumstances in the said Acts or any of them respectively specified, described or mentioned; and that all and every such Act and Acts respectively, and all Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Forfeitures, Penalties, Restrictions, Exemptions, Exceptions, Matters and Things, in such Act or Acts contained, relating to Ships, Vessels or Boats, and the Guns, Tackle, Furniture, Ammunition and Apparel thereof, hovering, or found or discovered to have been within Four Leagues of the Shore of Ireland, and also relating to any Goods laden or being. on board any such Ships, Vessels or Boats, shall be, and the same are and is hereby extended, and hereby directed and declared severally and respectively to extend, and shall from and after the Commencement of this Act be deemed and construed to extend, and shall apply and be in full Force, and be applied and put in Execution, as to all Ships, Vessels and Boats, and the Guns, Tackle, Furniture, Ammunition and Apparel thereof, which shall, under any of the Circumstances specified, described or mentioned in any such Act or Acts, be hovering, or found or discovered to have been within Eight Leagues of the Shore of and also

to all Goods on board any such Ships, Vessels or Boats, in as full and ample a Manner to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every such Act and Acts, and all the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Forfeitures, Penalties, Restrictions, Exemptions, Exceptions, Matters and Things therein contained, were particularly

Ships in Distress landing Goods illegally, forfeited.

Limits of hovering extended to Eight Leagues.

Former Acts in force.

403

C. 87.

46° geo: hi.

A.D. 1806.

Penalties of former Acts as to hovering, &c. extended to this Act,

Doubts respecting the Limits of hovering not to prevent Judgment against Vessel and Cargo.

and expressly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act, as to such Distance of Eight Leagues as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, all Pains, as well Pains of Death as other Pains, and all Forfeitures, Fines and Penalties, and all Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Exemptions and Exceptions, contained in all and every or any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland, relating to Ships, Vessels or Boats so hovering, or found or discovered to have been within Four Leagues of the Shore of Ireland, or to any Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command, or any other Person on board any such Ship, Vessel or Boat, shall extend, and shall be deemed, construed and taken, and shall apply and be in full Force, and put in Execution in all Cases, and for all Purposes as to all such Ships, Vessels or Boats which shall be hovering, or found, or discovered to have been within Eight Leagues of the Shore of land; and as to every Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command, or other Person on board of such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, in as full and ample a Manner to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every such Act and Acts, and all such Pains, as well Pains of Death and other Pains, and all Forfeitures, Fines and Penalties, Provisions, Powers and Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Exemptions, Exceptions, Clauses, Matters and Things in 6uch Act or Acts contained and enacted, were particularly and expressly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act, as to such Distance of Eight Leagues as aforesaid; any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if upon any Trial of

any Information for, or of any Action relating to, the Seizure or Forfeiture of any Ship, Vessel or Boat, or the Tackle, Apparel, Guns, Furniture or Ammunition thereof, or of Goods on board the same respectively, hovering, or being found, or discovered to have been within any Limits or Distances mentioned in this Act, or seised or proceeded against in due course of Law for hovering, or being so found or discovered as aforesaid, it shall appear to the Court or Jury respectively, that from the Evidence given on such Trial it is doubtful whether such Ship, Vessel or Boat was within such Limits or Distances as aforesaid, but it shall nevertheless at the same Time be made appear to the Satisfaction of such Court or Jury respectively, that such Ship, Vessel or Boat had on board prohibited Goods, or Goods in Packages, contrary to Law, or Goods liable to the Payment of Duties in Ireland, and was then bound for or hovering on the Coast or Shore of, for the

Purpose of clandestine Importation or illegal running of such Goods, it shall be lawful for such Court or Jury to find a Verdict, or give Judgment on such Information or Action respectively, as to any such Ship, Vessel or Boat, and the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel thereof, and any Goods on board such Ship, Vessel or Boat, in like Manner as if it had been fully proved that such Ship, Vessel or Boat, was hovering or found, or had been discovered to have been within any such Limits or Distances as aforesaid: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to alter any Such Limits or Distances,

or

A.D. 1806. 46° GEO. III. C. 87.

or, to any Cases in which there shall not be a Doubt as to whether such Ship, Vessel or Boat, in respect whereof any such Questions shall arise, was hovering, or found or discovered to be within such Limits or Distances respectively as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That any Officer or Officers of

Customs in Ireland who shall first come on board any Ship or Vessel bound for any Port in Irela, and having on board any Spirits, Wines, Tobacco, Tea, Sugar or Coffee, except the Quantity allowed by Law for the Consumption of the Crew, either within the Limits of any of the Ports of, or within Eight Leagues

of the Shore thereof, shall and may, and he and they is and are hereby empowered and required to batten, fasten and lock down the main and other Hatchway and Hatchways leading to the Hold or Place of Stowage in such Ship or Vessel, and if such Officer or Officers shall neglect so to do, then and in such Case any other Officer or Officers of the Customs shall and may batten, fasten and lock down the said Hatchway and Hatchways; and the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall and he is hereby required to assist or cause to be assisted such Officer or Officers by and with a sufficient Number of the Crew of such Ship or Vessel in battening, fastening and locking down such Hatchway or Hatchways, and to provide and keep on board good and sufficient Locks and Fastenings for that Purpose; and if any such Master or other Person shall neglect or refuse to provide and keep such Locks and Fastenings, or to assist or cause to be assisted any such Officer or Officers in battening, fastening or locking down such Hatchway or Hatchways according to the Directions of this Act, or if any such Hatchway shall, after the same shall have been so battened, fastened or locked down as aforesaid, according to the Directions of this Act, be opened, or if any Fastening or Lock affixed to any such Hatchway for the Purpose of fastening or locking the same according to the Directions of this Act, shall be open, broken or damaged after such Hatchway shall have been so battened, fastened or locked down as aforesaid, and before the same shall have been opened by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, the Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted, That when any Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be unshipped or landed in Ireland out of any Vessel or Boat under the Burthen of Twenty five Tons, not being in Leak or Wreck, before due Entry made of such Vessel or Boat, and of all such Goods, at the Custom House or Place allowed by Law for landing thereof, or after due Entry, without the Knowledge, Privity and Consent of the proper Officer or Officers of the Port or Place where such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall have been shipped or landed, such Vessel or Boat, together with its Tackle, Apparel and Furniture, shall be forfeited.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Ship or

Vessel shall arrive at any Port or Harbour of and the

Master or Person taking Charge of such Ship or Vessel shall report to the proper Officer that either the Whole or any Part of the Cargo of such Ship or Vessel is not to be landed in, or not

to

409

Custom House Officers may batten down Hatchways of Ships bound for Ireland having Spirits, &c. on board.

Forfeiture of Vessels under Twenty five Tons landing Goods without paying Duties.

Cargoes of Ships coming from one Port to another not agreeing with Invoice and

4? 10

C. 8*7.

46° GEO. III. A.D. ]

Entry at first Port, Vessel and Cargo seized.

Officers of Customs may enter Coasting Ships and compare Cargo with Cockets, and if they disagree may seize Ship, &c.

Master of Vessel refusing to produce Cocket, &c.

Penalty 1001.

Regulations for Sufferance and Cockets for Coasting Vessels.

to be landed in such Port of her first Arrival, and shall depart from such Port or Harbour, and shall arrive in-any other Port or Harbour in Ireland, it shall be lawful for the Collector or other proper Officer of such last mentioned Port or Harbour to examine the State of the Cargo ol such Ship or Vessel; and if such Cargo shall not agree with the Report and Invoice of the Master or other Person made to the Collector or other proper Officer of the Port or Harbour where such- Ship or Vessel did first arrive, every such Ship or Vessel, together with her Cargo, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Customs, unless it shall appear that such Disagreement was caused by unavoidable Necessity.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of the Customs to enter into any Coasting Ship or Vessel which shall be within the Limits of any of the Ports of Ireland, or within Eight Leagues of the Shore thereof, and to demand the Cocket, Certificate, Letpass or Transire obtained by the Master or other Person having the Charge of such Ship or Vessel, and to examine whether the Cargo on board such Ship or Vessel corresponds with the said Cocket, Certificate, Letpass or Transire; and if such Cargo shall not correspond with the said Cocket, Certificate, Letpass or Transire, then every such Officer is hereby authorized and required immediately to seize such Ship or Vessel, and bring her into the next convenient Port or Harbour to which she can be brought; and whether such Cargo shall be found to correspond with such Cocket or not, such Officer or Officers is and are hereby authorized and empowered to stay and remain on board all such Ships and Vessels during the Time that the same shall continue within any such Port or within Eight Leagues as aforesaid; and if such Master or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel shall, upon Demand by any such Officer, refuse or omit to produce such Cocket, Certificate, Let-pass or Transire, or if any Person shall oppose, molest or hinder any Officer or Officers of the Customs in going or remaining on board any Ship or Vessel, or in the entering or searching the Cabin or any other Part of any such Ship or Vessel, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods, Wares

or Merchandize, shall be put on board any Ship or Vessel to be carried from any one Port, Haven or Creek of, to be

landed at any other Place in Ir, without a Sufferance or Warrant first had and obtained from the proper Officer of the Port where such Goods shall be shipped or put on board, all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, shall be forfeited, and the Master or other Person having the Charge of every such Ship or Vessel, who shall take in any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, in any Port, Haven or Creek in Ireland, to be landed and discharged in some other Port, Haven or Creek thereof, shall, before the Ship or Vessel be removed from the Port or Place where he shall take in his Lading, take out a Cocket, Certificate, Letpass or Transire, as the Case may require, and enter into a Bond with Two sufficient Sureties to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in a Sum equal to the Value of the Goods, Wares and Merchandize so laden or

taken

A.D. 1806.

C. 87.

411

46" GEO. III.

taken on board such Ship or Vessel, conditioned for the Delivery and Discharge thereof in the Port or Place for which the same shall be entered as aforesaid, or in some other Port or Place in Ireland, the Dangers and Accidents of the Seas excepted, and also conditioned to return a Certificate within Two Calendar Months after the Date of such Cocket, Certificate, Letpass or Transire, under the Pland and Seal of the proper Officer of the Port where the same shall be landed and discharged, to the Collector or other chief Officer of the Port in which such Goods shall have been put on board, that such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, were landed and discharged at the Port for which the same shall have been entered, or at some other Place within Ireland; and in case any such Person as aforesaid, shall omit or neglect to take out such Cocket, Certificate, Letpass or Transire, and become bound as aforesaid, such Person so neglecting or omitting, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship or Vessel having departed from any Port or Place in Ireland, where she shall have obtained a Cocket, Certificate, Letpass or Transire, shall arrive at any other Port or Place in Ireland, not having on board all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize as shall be mentioned in such Cocket, Certificate, Letpass or Transire, or not indorsed thereon by the proper Officer, as having been landed at some other Port in Ireland, or having on board any Goods, Wares and Merchandize, not mentioned in such Cocket, Certificate, Let-pass or Transire, then and in every such Case such Ship or Vessel, with all her Tackle, Ammunition, Furniture and Apparel, shall be forfeited, and the Master of such Ship or Vessel shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods, Wares or Merchandize brought or coming into any Port, Haven or Creek within Ireland, from any other Port, Haven of Creek within the same, by Coast Cocket, Certificate, Letpass or Transire, in Ships or Vessels, shall be landed or put on Shore before such Cocket, Certificate, Letpass or Transire, shall be delivered to the proper Officer or Officers of the Port, and a Warrant or Sufferance made and given by such Officer or Officers for the landing and discharging thereof; or, if the Goods, Wares and Merchandize do not agree with such Cocket, Certificate, Letpass or Transire, the Master or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel, out of which the Goods shall be landed or put on Shore, consenting thereunto, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and if any Goods of foreign Growth, Product or Manufacture, coming coastwise as aforesaid, shall be landed without the Presence of an Officer of the Customs, such foreign Goods shall be forfeited, and may be seized.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Master or other Person having the Charge of any Ship or Vessel arriving at any Port or Place in Ireland, shall report to the proper Officer of Customs either the Whole or any Part of the Cargo of such Ship or Vessel not to be landed in Ireland, it shall be lawful for the Collector or other chief Officer of such Port or Place to detain such Ship or Vessel, and such Cargo, or such Part of the Cargo thereof as shall be so reported not to be landed, until such Master

. or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel shall execute

Neglecting to take out Cocket, &c.

Penalty 1001 *

Coasters not having all Goods agreeing with Cocket, forfeited;

Penalty on Master, 1001.

On landing of Goods brought Coastwise the Cocket, &c. to be produced.

Penalty 50l.

Landed Goods without presence of Officer, forfeited.

Where a Cargo or Part is reported not to be landed, Bond shall be given to the Collector.

C. 87.

46° GEO. III.

A.D. 1806.

* 12

Officer may examine Bales of Goods reported not to be landed, and seize them if they are prohibited Goods.

Officers may enter Ships outward bound, and compare Cargo with Cocket of Goods exported on Drawback, &c.

Drawbacks on Goods to Great

cute a Bond t6 His Majesty, with Two sufficient Sureties to be approved of by the Collector or other chief Officer of the Port where such Ship or Vessel shall arrive, in double the Amount of the Duty payable in Ireland on such Cargo, or Part of such Cargo; which Bond shall contain a Condition that such Cargo, or such Part thereof as aforesaid, shall not be landed in Ireland.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That where the Master of any Ship or Vessel shall report any Bales or other Packages of Goods, Contents unknown and not to be landed, or for Exportation from Ireland in the same Ship or Vessel in which they were imported, it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of the Customs to open such Bales and Packages on board such Ship or Vessel so reported, and to examine the Contents thereof; and in case it shall appear on such Examination that such Bales or Packages shall contain any Goods which are prohibited to be imported into Ireland, or are liable to Forfeiture, on being imported into

all such Goods and the Packages thereof shall be forfeited; and in case such Goods shall not be prohibited, the same shall be chargeable with the Duties due and payable thereon, and shall not be permitted to be exported or delivered for that Purpose before the legal Duties due thereon to His Majesty are regularly paid for the same without the particular Leave and Directions of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or the Collector of the Port where such Goods shall arrive; and all Goods found on board any such Ship or Vessel, which the Master shall have omitted to specify in his Report, shall be forfeited.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for

any Officer or Officers of Customs to go on board any Ship or Vessel being in any Port or Harbour, or within Eight Leagues of the Coast of Ireland, and to demand from the Master, Commander

or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel, the Cocket granted for any Goods on board such Ship or Vessel entered Outwards, and on the Exportation whereof any Person shall be entitled to any Bounty or Drawback, and to examine whether the Cargo on board such Ship or Vessel corresponds with the said Cocket; and if on Examination of such Goods on board such Ship or Vessel, the said Officer or Officers shall find that such Good's on board are in less Quantity than, or different in Quality from, the Goods specified in such Cocket so produced, in such Case the Whole of such Goods so found on board such Ship or Vessel, together with the Ship or Vessel, on board of which such Goods shall be found, shall be forfeited; and in case no such Goods as shall be mentioned in such Cocket shall be found on board such Ship or Vessel, such Ship or Vessel shall be forfeited; and in case the Master, Commander or other Person having Charge of any such Ship or Vessel shall refuse or neglect to produce such Cocket, and shall have cleared out such Ship or Vessel, all Goods, Wares and Merchandize on board such Ship or Vessel, together with, the Ship or Vessel, shall be forfeited; and it shall and may be lawful for such Officer or Officers, in any of the Cases aforesaid, to seize such Ship or Vessel, and the Goods, Wares or Merchandize found on board the same respectively, as the Case may be.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Drawback or Bounty shall be allowed or paid for any Goods, Wares of Merchandize

exported

A.D. 180G. 4, 6° GEO. III. C. 87.

exported or intended for Exportation from Ireland to Great tain, or to the Isle of Man, or to the Islands of,

Alderney or Sark, until a Certificate shall be produced under the Hands and Seals of Office, from the Collector or Comptroller, or other chief Officer of the Customs for the Port where such Goods shall be landed, testifying the landing thereof, which Certificate shall be produced within Four Months after such Goods were so exported, and shall express the exact Weight, Measure or Quantity respectively of the Goods, Wares or Merchandize so landed, with the Numbers and Marks of the Casks, Bales or other Packages in which such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be contained:Provided always, that in case the Ship or Vessel in which such Goods, Wares or Merchandize were exported shall have been detained on her Voyage by contrary Winds, or in case any Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall have perished at Sea, or shall have been taken by an Enemy or Pirate, and the same shall be respectively proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties to direct Payment to be made of any Drawback or Bounty on such Goods, Wares and Merchandize respectively, on Production of such Certificate after the Expiration of the said Four Months, or in case of such Loss or Capture, then without such Certificate being produced, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding:Provided also, that in case such Certificate shall vary as to the Measure or Quantity of any Goods, from the Amount thereof whereon Drawback or Bounty shall be claimed, and such Variation shall not exceed what shall appear to the said Commissioners a reasonable Allowance for ordinary Leakage or accidental Diminution of Measure or Quantity, it shall be lawful for them to direct Payment of such Bounty or Drawback to be made notwithstanding such Variation.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no Drawback shall be paid on the Exportation from Ireland of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize intended to be exported and declared for Exportation elsewhere than to Great Br, or the Isle of, or the Isles of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney or Sark, unless the Exporter, Merchant or Person having the Direction of the Voyage, shall make and sign an Affidavit upon the Debenture Paper, that he is the real Owner, Exporter, Merchant or Person having the Direction of the Voyage, and that such Goods, Wares and Merchandize have, at the Time of making such Affidavit, been shipped fairly and without Fraud, and that all Duties of Customs and Excise due and payable on such Goods, Wares and Merchandize have been duly paid and satisfied, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, specifying the Time when and the Place where such Duties shall have been paid, and that such Goods, Wares and Merchandize are intended to be exported to the Port or Place mentioned in the Entry thereof, and to no other, and that no Part thereof is intended to be relanded in any Part of Ireland, or to be landed in Great Britain, or the Isle of Man, or the Islands of Faro or Ferro, nor to be transshipped or put on board any Ship or Vessel; and the Master or Person having the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel on board which such Goods, Wares and Merchandize

413

Britain, Jersey, &c. shall not be paid without Certificate of landing there, unless in case of Goods lost at Sea, &c.

Affidavit re-, quired from Owner and Blaster to obtain Drawback on Goods shipped for Exportation to foreign Parts.

414

C. 87-

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Illegally re. landing Goods.

Penalty 5001.

No Drawback till Bond given not to reland, nor till 31 Days after sailing.

dize shall be shipped for Exportation, shall also make and sign an Affidavit on such Debenture Paper, that he is the Master or Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, and that such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, have at the Time of the making such Affidavit been fairly shipped, and are then actually on board such Ship or Vessel, and that he will not suffer the same or any Part thereof to be relanded in, nor to be landed in

Great Britain or in the Isle of M, or in the Islands of Faro or Fer?'o, nor to be transshipped or put on board any Ship or Vessel unless in case of real Distress, to save such Goods, Wares or Merchandize from perishing.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Master or

Person having Charge of any Ship or Vessel, shall permit or suffer any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, which shall be entered and shipped for Exportation, on which any Drawback or Bounty shall be paid or payable, to be relanded in any Port or Place in,

or unshipped within Eight Leagues of the Coast thereof, or before the Arrival of such Ship at its Port of Destination, unless in case of real Distress, to save the same from perishing, (of which Distress the Master or Person having the Charge of such Ship or Vessel, out of which such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall be so unshipped or relanded, shall immediately give Notice in Writing to, and make Proof before the chief Officer of Customs at the Port or Place where such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall be unshipped or relanded,) the said Goods, Wares and Merchandize so unshipped or relanded shall be forfeited; and the Master or Person having the Charge of such Ship or Vessel, and also the Owner of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall respectively forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Drawback or Bounty

shall be paid to any Person or Persons-, nor shall any Person or Persons be entitled to receive any Drawback or Bounty upon the Exportation of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize from,

until the Person exporting the same, together with Two sufficient Sureties, shall enter into a Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in double the Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, conditioned that neither the Whole nor any Part of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize so to be exported shall be landed again in any Port or Place within Ireland, or in the Isle of Man (except such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, as may by Law be exported from Ireland to the said Isle of Man) , or in the Isles of Faro and Ferro, unless in case of Distress; and that no such Drawback or Bounty shall be paid to any Person or Persons until after the Expiration of Thirty one Days from the sailing of the Vessel on board which such Goods, Wares or Merchandize were shipped for Exportation:Provided always, that upon a Certificate being returned under the Hand and Seal of the proper Officer of the Customs, at any Port or Place in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions, Plantations or Settlements where any Officer of the Customs shall be resident, or for w'ant of such Officer, or if such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be landed at any foreign Port or Place, then under the Hand and Seal of the British Consul or Vice Consul residing at the Port or Place, and if there shall be no such Consul or Vice Consul, then under the Hand and Seal of the

chief

A.D. 180G.

46° GEO. III. C. 87.

415

chief Magistrate of the Port or Place, or under the Hand and Seal of Two known Merchants of the Port or Place where such Goods,

Wares and Merchandize shall have been landed, that the same

were there landed; or upon Proof made to the Satisfaction of the in what Case

said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the Col- Bond void.

lector, Comptroller or other Chief Officer at the Port at which

such Goods, Wares or Merchandize were shipped for Exportation,

that such Goods, Wares or Merchandize were taken by Enemies

or Pirates, or perished in the Seas, such Bond shall become void

and shall be cancelled; and such Certificate shall be produced

within Nine Months from the Date of such Bond, with respect to

Goods, Wares and Merchandize entered for or landed in any Part

of Europe, (other than Great Britain or the Isle of Man, or the

Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney or Sark,) not within the

Streights of Gibraltar; and within Fifteen Months in respect to

Goods, Wares or Merchandize entered for or landed in any other

Part of Europe, or in any Part of Asia, Africa or.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Bond Proof of Iand-shall be put in Suit, the Proof that such Goods were landed in ing Goods out Ireland, or in the Islands of Faro or Ferro, shall not lie on His Jre*anp Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, but such Goods shall be deemed ma e y artjr* to have been landed there, unless Proof shall be made of the Place

at which the same were landed or put on Shore, not being within Ireland, or the Islands of Faro or Ferro:Provided always, that proviso. no such Bond shall be put in Suit at any Time beyond Three Months after the Time within which such Certificate as aforesaid for vacating the same is required to be produced; nor in case such Goods shall have been landed by Licence from the Collector or other proper Officer of the Port.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Master of every Report of Slii s Ship arriving at any Port, Harbour or Creek, in Ireland, or de- Ballast P parting from any Port, Harbour or Creek, in Ireland, in Ballast, Inwards or shall make a just and true Report of such Ship or Vessel Inwards Outwards.

or Outwards respectively, and answer upon Oath to such Questions relative to the Voyage and Navigation of such Ship or Vessel, and to the Goods, Wares and Merchandize laden on board, or unshipped from such Ship or Vessel, as shall be put to him by the Collector, Comptroller or other chief Officer of the Customs, at the ]\xaster neglect-Port, Harbour or Creek where he shall arrive, or from whence he ing to produce shall depart, and shall, if required by such Officer, produce the Ship’s Papers, Ship’s Papers, under the Penalty of forfeiting One hundred Pounds Penalty, for every Neglect, Omission or Refusal so to do:Provided always, that no Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel in Ballast, making a Report as above required, shall in respect thereof be liable to the Payment of any Fee.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful Nonekut

for any Person or Persons to enter on board any Ship or Vessel cers or Persons arriving from any Part of the East Indies or China homeward licensed to go bound, except Officers of Customs whose Duty obliges them to go on hoard East on board such Ship, or such other Person or Persons as shall re- India ShiPs* ceive a Permit or Licence from the Collector or other chief Officer of the Port or Place where such Ship shall lie or be, under the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds for every Time such Person penalty, or Persons shall go on board such Ship without such Licence as

aforesaid;

4-16

Boats carrying Persons on board East India Ships; resisting Officers.

Penalty 5001.

Forging a Licence.

Penalty 10001.

Commissioners, &c. empowered to place Officers on board all Ships.

C«S7. 46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

aforesaid; and if any Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be found open on board such Ship or Vessel, the same shall be taken Account of, and made up in proper Packages suited to the Nature of such Goods, by any Officer or Officers stationed at the Port or Place where such Ship or Vessel shall be, which said Goods, Wares and Merchandize, when so packed, shall be corded and sealed with Lead, with the King’s Arms thereon, and an Account of all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize so packed up, corded and sealed as aforesaid, shall be transmitted to the Commissioners or Collector of the Customs in the Port of, and also to the

Chairman of the Court of Directors of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Boat or Vessel

shall carry to such Ships or Vessels arriving from any Part of the East Indies or China, any Persons without such Licence as aforesaid, such Boat or Vessel shall be forfeited, with all her Furniture and Tackle, and may be seized by any Officer of the Customs; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer of Customs stationed on board such Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, arriving from the East Indies or, and they are hereby re-1

quired to prevent any Person or Persons from going on board' the same, unless he, she or they produce such Licence; and that if any Person or Persons shall resist or obstruct such Officer in doing his Duty as aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall in any Case forge or counterfeit any such Licence or Permit as is hereinbefore mentioned, or shall knowingly use or employ any such forged or counterfeited Licence or Permit, he, she or they shall forfeit the Sum of One thousand Pounds for every such Offence.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That when any Ship or

Vessel shall arrive at any Port or Place in, it shall be law-

ful for the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or for the Collector or Surveyor of the Port, or Tide Surveyor or other Officer appointed by the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or any of them, to place One or Two Officers of the Customs on board such Ship or Vessel, there to remain during such Time as to such Commissioners, Collector, Surveyor or other chief Officer shall in their Discretion seem fit; and that from the Time any Goods or Merchandize shall be begun to be shipped or put on board any Ship or Vessel at any Port or Place in, to be

carried to any other Port within the same, or to any Parts beyond the Seas, k shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or for the Collector, Surveyor or other chief Officer of the Port where such Goods or Merchandize shall be so put on board such Ship or Vessel, to place an Officer or Officers of Customs, not exceeding Two in Number, on board such Ship or Vessel, there to remain for such Time as to the said Commissioners, or to such Collector, Surveyor or chief Officer, in their Discretion shall seem fit; and in case such Ship or Vessel shall have any Corn or other Goods on board, which shall at the Time be prohibited to be exported, or any Goods on which any Drawback, Allowance or Bounty shall be payable on Proof of the landing thereof in Great Britain, then and in every such Case; it shall be lawful for the said

Commis-

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 87.

417

Commissioners, Or the Collector, Surveyor or other Chief Officer, to require One such Officer to remain on board such Vessel during her Voyage, whether it be a Coasting Voyage or to Great Britain respectively.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Master or Master to pro-other Person having Charge of any such Ship or Vessel in the vide Officer respective Cases aforesaid, shall provide such Officer or Officers with Bedding with good and sufficient Beds or Hammocks to rest or sleep in, an(i Provisions* under the Deck of such Ship or Vessel, and shall also provide

such Officer or Officers with sufficient Food during the Time of his or their being on board, and shah land such Officer or Officers at the Place for which such Ship or Vessel shall have cleared out, or at any other Place within the Harbour where such Ship or Vessel shall be at the Time when such Officer shall be placed on board, as such Commissioners, Collector, Surveyor or Chief Officer shall direct; and for any Neglect or Refusal in any of the Cases aforesaid, such Master or other Person as aforesaid shall forfeit the Sum Penalty took of One hundred Pounds.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Commanders of lawful for the Commanders of any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels King’s Ships of War, or any Commissioned, Warrant or Petty Officer specially maX s1’* authorized by them, to seize, without having any Deputation or Commission from the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties (j00ds.

in Ireland for that Purpose, any Ships or Vessels whatever, and any such Goods, Wares and Merchandize found on board any Ship or Vessel as shall be subject to Forfeiture under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenue under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, for any Offence against the said Acts, or any of them; provided that the Commander of such Ship or Vessel of War shall in all respects, in regard to the Delivery and Prosecution of any such Seizure, conform to all and each and every of the Rules, Regulations and Restrictions to which the Officers of Customs in Ireland are now or hereafter shall be subject, in case of such Seizures made by them; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Part of the If any Part of Cargo of any Ship or Vessel chased by any Ship or Vessel in the Cargo of Ship Service of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ire- cliased by land, or by any Ship or Vessel belonging to His Majesty's Navy, Vess^s^c is shall be thrown overboard during such Chase, whether within or tlirown’over- without the Limits of any Port of Ireland, or within or beyond board. Ship and Eight Leagues of the Shore thereof, in every such Case such Cargo forfeited. Ship or Vessel, with all her Guns, Tackle, Furniture, Ammunition and Apparel, shall be forfeited, together with the remaining Part of such Cargo.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Ship or Vessels in the Vessel, liable to Seizure or Examination, shall not bring to on Navy, or Ser-being required so to do, or being chased by any Ship or Vessel vice of the belonging to His Majesty's Navy, having the proper Pendant and Customs, may Ensign of His Majesty's Ships hoisted, or by any Vessel in the reftishU toPS Service of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ire- brine* to, on land, having a Pendant and Ensign hoisted with such Marks hoisting a thereon in a blue Field, as now are or shall be directed or au- Pendant and 46 Geo. III. E e thorized firi"s a Gun *

418 C. 87. 46° GEO. III. A.D. 180G.

thorized by the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties to be used or worn by such Vessels at the Time, it shall be lawful for the Captain or Master, or other Person having the Charge or Command of any such Vessel belonging to the Navy, or in the Service of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, to fire into such Ship or Vessel which shall not bring to after such Colours shall be so hoisted, and after a Gun shall have been fired by such Vessel belonging to the Navy, or in the Service of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, ns a Signal, and such Captain, Master or other Person, and every Person acting in his Aid or Assistance, or by his Directions, shall be and is hereby indemnified and discharged from any Penalties or Actions for Damages for so doing; and in case any Person or Persons shall be wounded, maimed or killed by or by Means of such Firing, and in case such Captain, Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of any such Vessel belonging to the Navy, or in the Service of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or any Person acting in his or their Aid or Assistance, or by his or their Direction, shall be sued, molested or prosecuted, or shall be brought before any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or other Justices or Persons having competent Authority, for or on account of such wounding, maiming or killing, all and every such Justice or Justices, Person or Persons, is and are hereby authorized and empowered, enjoined and required to admit every such Captain, Master and other Person or Persons so brought before him or them as aforesaid, to Bail.

Ships hoisting '

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship or Vessel not a Pendant not belonging to His Majesty's Navy, nor being in the Service of the being audio- said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, nor being other-

med> wise authorized by Law, shall carry or hoist any such Pendant or

Ensign as hereinbefore mentioned or described, the Master or Person having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel Penalty 5001. shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

Resistin Cus-

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Per-tomHouse US" sons on board any Ship, Boat or Vessel, being in any Port, Harbour, Officers, though Haven, River or Creek, in, or within Eight Leagues of

not with Force, any of the Shores of Ireland, shall resist or prevent any Officer of Customs from boarding or entering into such Ship, Boat or Vessel, or from seeing, surveying or making search for Goods, Wares and Merchandize, or shall prevent or hinder such Officer from seizing and carrying away such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, as shall or may be found therein, and which they have Authority to seize, though such Resistance, Hinderance or Prevention shall not be with Arms, or by Force of Arms, then and in such Cases such Ship, Boat or Vessel, with all her Guns, Tackle, Furniture, Ammunition and Apparel, and all Goods, Wares and Merchandize found therein, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by such Officer.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That any Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Sloop, Smack or Yawl, belonging in the Whole or in Part to any of His Majesty's Subjects, and all Vessels belonging as aforesaid, of any other Description, whose Bottoms are Clinch Work, having either a standing or running Bowsprit which shall exceed in Length more than Two Thirds of the Length

of

pnips may De seized.

Vesels of Built herein described, or armed for Resistance, forfeited.

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 8Y.

419

of such Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Sloop, Smack, Yawl or other Vessel, from the Fore Part of her Stem, under the Bowsprit, to the After Side of her Stern Post aloft, and all Vessels belonging as aforesaid, the Length of which shall be greater than in the Proportion of Three Feet and a Half to One Foot in Breadth, ‘ and all Ships or Vessels belonging as aforesaid, armed or furnished with Arms, otherwise than is hereinafter excepted, which shall be found within the Limits of any of the Ports of, or within

Eight Leagues of the Coast thereof, shall be forfeited, together with all the Goods, Wares and Merchandize, if any, which shall be laden therein, and all her Guns, Tackle, Ammunition, Furniture and Apparel.

XLV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Proviso for Act shall extend or be construed to extend to any Ship or Vessel Ships from on a Voyage from any Part of America, or the East or West, ^hT’s^n* or Africa, or the Island of Madeira, or the, so as to Service of1

subject the same to Forfeiture on account of her Built, or for Navy, Ord-having on board Arms or Ammunition; nor to any Ship or Vessel nance, &c. and in the Service of His Majesty's Navy, Victualling Office, Ordnance Ships licensed. -Office, Customs or Post Office, on account of her Built, or for having on board Arms or Ammunition; nor to any Vessel the Owner of which shall have a Licence as herein described and directed for navigating the same, from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Admiralty for the time

being, or from the Commissioners of Customs in or from the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in,

or any Person authorized by them to grant the same, for or on account of her Built, or for having on board such Arms or Ammunition as she shall or may be licensed to have as hereinafter mentioned; nor to any Lighters or Barges used solely in Rivers or Inland Navigation; nor to any Ships or Vessels which shall have on board any Arms or Ammunition, which shall have been regularly entered and cleared at any Custom House in any of His Majesty's Dominions as Merchandize, or for the Use of His Majesty, or His Stores or Garrisons, and are regularly stowed in the Hold of such Ships or Vessels, or are put on board for the necessary Use or Defence of such Ships or Vessels, by Licence from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Admiralty for the time being, or by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs as aforesaid, or any Person authorized by them to grant the same, for or on account of such Arms or Ammunition: Pro- No Fee for vided also, and be it enacted, that no Fee, Gratuity or Reward, Licence, shall be demanded or received for any such Licence, or for registering the same as herein mentioned.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That every such Licence Particulars to shall specify the Tonnage of such Ship or Vessel, and describe be specified in whether she is a Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Sloop, Smack Licence, or Yawl, and of what Sort of Built she is, and who is or are the Owner or Owners thereof, and what Quantity and Number, and what Species of Arms and Ammunition she is licensed to have on board.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That before any such Licence Security by shall be granted, the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel shall Bond, give sufficient Security by Bond to His Majesty, in double the

E e 2 Value

420

C. 87.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 180

Value of such Ship or Vessel, to be approved of by the Collector, Comptroller or Chief Officer of the Customs, with Condition that the said Ship or Vessel shall not be employed in the Importation or landing of any Tea, Spirituous Liquors, or any Goods prohibited to be landed, or any other Goods clandestinely, or with Intent to evade the Payment of Duty contrary to Law, or in the Exportation of any Goods prohibited to be exported from Ireland, or in the relanding contrary to Law, any Goods which have been entered Outwards for Exportation, and on the Exportation whereof any Drawback or Bounty shall be claimed.

Licences regis-

XLVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the Owner of

tered with Col- any Ship or Vessel which shall be licensed as herein mentioned ector o or . shall} before such Ship or Vessel sails out of any Port, Harbour or Creek in Ireland, bring such Licence, or cause the same to be brought to the Collector, Comptroller or Chief Officer of Customs for the Port, Harbour or Creek from which such Ship or Vessel is about to sail, which Licence such Collector or other such Officer of Customs is hereby required duly to register without Fee or Reward, and to endorse such Registry thereon; and every such Owner shall also produce the same, or cause the same to be produced, so endorsed, to the Collector or other proper Officer of Customs of any Port, Harbour or Creek at which such Ship or Vessel shall arrive.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That any Licence which shall not be so endorsed, or which shall be granted without such Security as aforesaid having been given, and a Certificate thereof contained in the Body of such Licence, shall be null and void; and the Ship or Vessel shall be liable to Seizure and Prosecution, in the same Manner as if no such Licence had been given.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley rowing, or made or built to row with more than Six Oars, shall be found upon the Water, or in any Barge House, Workhouse, Shed or other Place within any Port, Haven, Harbour or Creek in Irela, or within Eight Leagues of the Coast thereof, such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, with all her Tackle and Furniture, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of the Customs; and after the Seizure and Condemnation of such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs in the Port or Place where such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, shall be so ‘Condemned, shall cause such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, to be burned and wholly destroyed: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Barge or Galley in the Service of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or to any Long Boat, Yawl or Pinnace, belonging to and used in the Service of any Merchant’s Ship or Vessel, or to such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, as shall be licensed by the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or by such Person as the said Commissioners shall appoint for that Purpose, which Licence shall be granted without any Fee or Charge; provided that no such Licence shall be granted but upon sufficient Security to be given to the said Commissioners, or to the Person to be appointed by them, for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by the

Owner

In what Case Licences void, and Ships liable to Seizure.

Boats rowing with more than Six Oars forfeited, unless licensed.

No Fee.

Security not to use Licence for illegal landing of Goods.

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 87.

421

Owner or Owners of such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, by Bond in such Penalty as the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties shall think reasonable, with Condition that the same shall not be made use of in the illegal landing or relanding, or in attempting or assisting so to do, of any Goods whatsoever in Ireland.

LI. And in order to ascertain the Tonnage or Burden of all Mode of Ships or Vessels, be it enacted, That in all Cases where it shall be ascertaining requisite by Law to ascertain the Tonnage or Burthen of any Ship Tcmnage ot or Vessel in Ireland, the Rule for admeasuring such Ships or ps ’

Vessels shall be as follows; that is to say, the Length shall be taken on a strait Line along the Rabbit of the Keel of the Ship, from the After Side of her Stern Post aloft to a perpendicular Line from the Fore Part of the Main Stem under the Bowsprit, from which substracting Three Fifths of the Breadth of such Ship or Vessel, the Remainder shall be esteemed the just Length of the Keel to find the Tonnage, and such Breadth shall be taken from the Outside of the Outside Plank, in the broadest Part of the Ship or Vessel, be it either above or below the Main Whales, exclusive of all doubling Planks that may be wrought upon the Sides of the Ship or Vessel; then multiplying the Length of the Keel by the Breadth so taken, and that Product by Half the Breadth, and dividing the Whole by ninety four, the Quotient shall be deemed the true Contents of the Tonnage; according to which Rule the Tonnage of all such Ships and Vessels shall be measured and ascertained.

LII. And be it further enacted, That the Owners of all Gab- Name of Boat, bards, Boats, Wherries and other Vessels not required by Law to &c. notre-be registered, belonging to any Port or Place in, shall glsterfdoJ

paint or cause to be painted in white or yellow Roman Letters, of the PsJ^rn °n a Length not less than Three Inches upon a black Ground, on some conspicuous Part of the Stern of such Gabbard, Boat, Wherry or other Vessel, provided there shall be sufficient Space for that Purpose; but if not, then in Letters as large as the Space will admit, the Name of such Gabbard, Boat, Wherry or other Vessel, the Name of the Port or Place to which she belongs, and the Name and Surname of the Owner or Owners; and in default thereof In default, such Gabbard, Boat, Wherry or other Vessel, with all her Tackle B.oat> &c* for-and Furniture, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of the Customs.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if upon the Arrival of any In case of Loss Ship or Vessel in any Port or Place in Ireland to which she shall of Registry belong, the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge to Te~ or Command of such Ship or Vessel, and One or more of the V°

Owners thereof, shall make Proof upon Oath, or, in case of a 7l.) Quaker, upon solemn Affirmation, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, if at the Port of,

or if at any other Port in Ireland, to the Satisfaction of any Person

or Persons appointed or to be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, under their Hands and Seals, of the Loss of the Certificate of Registry granted to such Ship or Vessel, under the Regulations of an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping

422

C. 87.

A.D. 1806.

Smuggling Goods within 20 Miles of the Coast, Misdemeanour; if more than Fire in Company, or if disguised or armed, &c.

Felony,

Transportation.

Felonies, committed in Ports, or within Eight Leagues of Shore, may be tried in any County in Ireland.

46° GEO. III.

Navigation; and if such Master and Owner shall-likewise give the Security required by the said recited Act in case of such Loss* it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or for such Person appointed by them for that Purpose as aforesaid, and they are hereby respectively required in such Case, to authorize the proper Officer of the Port to which such Ship or Vessel belongs to register the said Ship or Vessel de novo, and to grant a Certificate of Registry according to the Regulations and in the Manner and Form prescribed by the said recited Act, mentioning in such Certificate that such Registry is made de novo, on account of the Loss of the Certificate of the former Registry, and specifying the Date of such former Registry.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Persons shall, from and after the Commencement of this Act, be found passing in Company together in any Part of Ireland within the Space of Twenty Miles of any of the Coasts thereof, knowingly and willingly having in their Custody any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, subject or liable to any Duty on the Importation thereof, which shall have been landed from any Ship or Vessel without due Entry and Payment of the Duties by Law charged thereon, or any Goods which shall have been shipped or exported upon Debenture ©r Certificate, and which shall have been legally landed, every such Person, if there shall not be Five in the Whole, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanour and suffer accordingly; or if there shall be Five or more, or if any Person or Persons shall carry any offensive Arms or Weapons, or wear any Vizard, Mask or other Disguise, when passing with any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or if any Two or more Persons shall be found assembled together, armed with Fire Arms, or other offensive Arms or Weapons* in order to be aiding and assisting, or being aiding and assisting in running, rescuing or illegally landing, removing or carrying away any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or in rescuing any Person who shall be apprehended for, or in the preventing the Apprehension Of any Person who shall be guilty of the said Offences, or of any Offence made Felony by any Act in force in Ireland relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, every Person being legally convicted of such Offence, shall be deemed, taken and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall for such Offence be transported for the Term of Seven Years.

LV. And, for the speedy and impartial Trial of any Offence

against any Law in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of the Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, which is

declared to be a Felony or Misdemeanour Be it enacted, That every such Offence, in case the same shall be committed within the Limits of any of the Ports of Ireland, or within Eight Leagues of any Part of the Coasts thereof, shall and may be enquired of, examined, tried and determined before any Court or Courts of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery in any County within land, in such Manner as if the Fact had been actually committed

within such County.

A.D. 1806. 46° GEO. III. C. 87/ 423

LVI. And for the Prevention of collusive Seizures and Sales of Distribution of Foreign Spirits and Tobacco, be it enacted, That all Brandy, Produce of Rum, Geneva or other Spirits, and all Tobacco which shall here- Xobao^seized after be seized and condemned as being illegally imported into for nieo-al Ireland, or attempted or intended so to be, shall be sold by Inch importation of Candle; and that out of the Produce arising by such Sale, the thereof. Amount of the Duties due on the Importation of such Brandy,

Geneva, Rum or other Spirits respectively, at the Time of the Seizure thereof, shall be paid to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and that in the next Place all Costs and Charges of such Sale shall be deducted and defrayed out of such Produce, and that the Surplus, after the said Payments, or a sufficient Reservation for the same, shall go and be to the Use of the Person or Persons who shall seize or discover, or give Information of and prove the said Offence, except in the case of Tobacco, Exception, wherein One Third Part only of the Produce arising from such Sale thereof, after Payment of all Duties, Costs and Charges as aforesaid, shall be paid to the Person or Persons who shall seize or discover, or give Information of and prove the Offence with respect to such Tobacco, and the other Two Third Parts shall be to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors. [See 47 . 3.

Sess. % c. 16. § 8. and this Section repealed, 56 . 3. c. 85. § 1.]

LVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person shall Concealing, &c. knowingly harbour, keep or conceal, or shall permit or suffer to Run Goods, be harboured, kept or concealed, or shall sell or expose to sale, or shall buy any Goods, Wares or Merchandize subject to or chargeable with any Duties upon Importation, the Duties upon which shall not have been duly paid, every such Person shall forfeit Treble the Value of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize; and all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall be forfeited, and may Penalty, be seized.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That during any War in which pot Ashes not the United Kingdom may be engaged, no Pot Ashes or Pearl exported in Ashes shall be exported from Ireland to any Place except Great Time of War, Britain; and if any such Ashes shall during any War be laden on excePfc to G.B. board any Ship or Vessel bound to any Place except Great Britain, or shall be exported to any Place except Great such

Ashes, together with the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be so laden or exported, shall be forfeited, with all her Guns,

Tackle, Furniture and Apparel.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That before such Ashes shall On Exportation be laden on board any Ship or Vessel in Ireland, the Person ex- of sucl1 Ashes porting the same shall enter into a Bond, with Two sufficient Bond given to Sureties, in the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, conditioned that them in such Ashes shall be landed in Great Britain and no where else; and upon Certificate being returned within Three Months from certificate the Day of the Date of such Bond, under the Hand and Seal of the Chief Officer of the Port in Great Britain where such Ashes shall have been landed, that the said Ashes were there landed, or upon Proof made within such Time to the Satisfaction of any One of the in what Case said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties that such Ashes Bond void, were taken by Enemies or perished in the Seas, the said Bond shall become void and may be cancelled.

E e 4 LX. And

424

C. 87.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Bread or Biscuit exported Duty free.

In what Case Starch imported Duty free.

For ascertaining Weight of Coals according to Contents of Measure by which they are discharged.

Prime Entry thereof.

Penalty 1001.

Weight when so ascertained shall regulate all Coals of the like Sort imported for Six Months.

LX. And be it further enacted, That no Duty whatsoever shall be paid on the Exportation from Ireland of any Bread or Biscuit; any thing in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Importation of Wheat into Ireland shall be allowed Duty free, or on Payment of the lowest Duty, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to import Starch into Ireland free of Duty.

LXII. And, for the preventing of Frauds in the Delivery of Coals imported into Ireland, and for ascertaining the Amount of the Duty on every Ton thereof; be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Collector and Surveyor of the Customs at any Port in Ireland, where any Coals shall be imported, and for the Chief Magistrate at such Port or Place, or in case there shall be no such Chief Magistrate, then for any neighbouring Justice of the Peace, and they are hereby required, upon the Arrival of any Ship or Vessel laden with Coals at any such Port, to ascertain what Weight of the Sort or Kind of Coals laden on board such Ship can be contained in the Measure by which Coals are usually discharged and sold at such Port, such Measure being filled according to the Custom of such Port, by Heap or Strike; and all Coals landed at such Port shall be discharged uniformly by such Measure accordingly, and the Amount of Duty chargeable on such Coals shall be calculated by the Ton containing Twenty hundred Weight, according to the Number of such Measures, and the Weight thereof respectively:Provided always, that the Master or other Person having Charge of any Vessel in which such Coals shall be imported, may, on his Arrival at such Port, and before discharging any Part of such Coals, make a Prime Entry of the Quantity of such Coals, according to the Number of Tons contained in the Number of Chaldrons specified in the Cocket accompanying such Coals, rating each such Chaldron at the Weight of One Ton and One Eighth of a Ton at least; and the said Master, or other Person shall, before clearing out of such Port, deliver to the said Collector of the Customs, whether he shall have made a Prime Entry at such Port or not, a true Account upon Oath of the Number of Measures of Coals discharged and landed out of such Ship or Vessel, and shall then make a Post Entry of the Quantity of such Coals, entering the same by the Ton according to such Computation, and paying Duty agreeable thereto; and if any Master shall neglect to make any such Entry, or to deliver such Account, or to pay the Duty chargeable according thereto, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of the Customs to seize and detain such Ship or Vessel until the said Penalty shall be paid.

LXIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That wherever the Weight of any Measure of any Sort or Kind of Coal coming from any particular Port in Great Britain, shall have been ascertained in Manner aforesaid at any Port in Ireland, and the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland shall declare such Weight to be the fair Average Weight of such Measure of such Sort or Kind of Coal coming from any particular Port in Great Britain, the Cargoes of all Vessels laden with Coals coming into the said

Port

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 87.

4-25

Port in Ireland, or any Part of the District thereof, from such particular Port in Great Britain, for the Space of Six Months next after the Time when such Weight shall have been so ascertained, or until such Declaration shall be revoked, shall be discharged, and shall pay Duty according to such Weight and Measure so ascertained and declared as aforesaid; and that an Account of the Account of respective Weights of the several Sorts or Kinds of Coals, which Weights to be such Measures filled in manner aforesaid shall be capable of consigned by Sur-taining, and ascertained in manner aforesaid, shall from time to veyor> &c* time be signed by the respective Surveyor or Collector and such Magistrate as aforesaid, and a Copy thereof shall be from time to Copy hunS UP time hung up and remain in the Long Room of the Custom House in Long Room, of such Ports respectively.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That all foreign Hops im-

Foreign Hops warehoused till British Hops are 9l. Irish Currency per Cwt.

ported into Ireland at a Time when the middle Price of British Hops imported into Ireland, ascertained as herein directed, shall not exceed the Sum of Nine Pounds Irish Currency by the Hundred Weight, shall, upon the landing thereof, be lodged in the Presence of the proper Officer of the Customs in any of His Majesty's Warehouses, at the Expence and Risk of such Importer or Proprietor, and the same shall not be delivered out of such Warehouse or Warehouses except for Exportation, unless and until it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties that the middle Price of British Hops imported into Ireland shall exceed the Sum of Nine Pounds 7mA Currency by the Hundred Weight: Provided always, that the said Com- -

missioners shall from time to time make Enquiry, and whenever it shall appear to them that the middle Price of British Hops imported into Ireland shall exceed the Sum of Nine Pounds Irish Currency by the Hundred Weight, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required to give Notice in the Dublin Gazette, that the middle Price of such Hops doth exceed the said Sum of Nine Pounds by the Hundred Weight; and in such Case it shall be lawful, for the Space of Three Months after the Date and Publication of such Notice, for the Proprietor or Importer of foreign Hops so warehoused to take the same out of such Warehouse on Payment of the Duty imposed thereon by Law, and of the Expence of warehousing, and for any Person to import foreign Hops without warehousing the same.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That an Allowance after the Tare of Hop Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum shall be made for the Weight of Bags, &c. every Bag or Pocket in which Hops shall be imported from Great Britain or elsewhere, for the Tare of such Bag or Pocket.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Sheeps’ Skins tanned What Sheeps’ with Bark which shall be imported into Ireland shall be entered as Skit?s deemed Basils, and shall be charged with Duty accordingly. asi1 Leather,

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Linens made in What Silesia Germany or Silesia, and afterwards bleached in Holland, and im- Linens con-ported Worn thence into Ireland, shall be rated as Holland Linens, sidered and pay the Duties payable by Law on the Importation of Holland Holland‘ Linens.

LXVIII. And Whereas Frauds have been frequently committed by entering several Species of Manufactures made of

‘ Cotton

46° GEO. III.

126

Regulations respecting Duty on Printed Cottons.

Allowance of Duty for Salt used in bleaching.

Drawback on Brimstone and Saltpetre used in making Oil of Vitriol and Aquafortis.

Salt exported only in Vessels of One hundred Tons; (except to Newfoundland) and Bond given not to land in G. B. &c.

Certificate.

On return of Certificate, Bond void.

C. 87-

A.D. 1806.

* Cotton at a lower Rate of Duty than by Law they should be en- tered Be it enacted, That ail Manufactures made of Cotton of the like Species of Manufacture as Calico, Muslin or Muslinet, whether the same or any Part thereof be stained or dyed before or after the Weaving thereof, by whatever particular Name the same now are or hereafter shall be denominated, shall fall under the Description of and pay Duty as Calicoes, Muslins or Muslinets, printed, painted or stained.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That when any Person shall make use of any Salt in the Process of bleaching Linen, or in the making of Muriatic Acid which shall be used in the Process of bleaching Linen, such Person shall be entitled to receive, and the Collector of the Customs in the District within which such Salt shall have been imported or made, shall repay to such Person all Duties which shall have been paid on the said Salt, on his making it appear, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, that such Salt had paid all Duties due thereon, and had been made use of in the Process of bleaching Linen, or in the making of Muriatic Acid for that Purpose.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That where any Person shall import into Ireland any Crude Brimstone, Saltpetre or Green Vitriol, and shall make use of the same in making Oil of Vitriol, Aquafortis or Nitrous Acid, such Person shall be entitled to receive, and the Collector of the Port or District within which such Crude Brimstone, Saltpetre or Green Vitriol, shall have been imported, shall repay to such Person all such Duties as have been paid by him on the Importation thereof, on his making it appear, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, that such Crude Brimstone, Saltpetre or Green -Vitriol, had been used in making Oil of Vitriol, Aquafortis or Nitrous Acid.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Salt of the Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland shall be exported from Ireland (except to Newfoundl_ in Manner hereinafter mentioned) in any Ship or Vessel of less Burthen than One hundred Tons; and that all such Salt shall be exported in Bulk only, and not in Bags or Sacks; and that on the Exportation from Ireland of any such Salt, the Person exporting the same shall enter into a Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with sufficient Sureties, in the Sum of Fifteen Shillings for every Bushel of Salt, reckoning Fifty six Pounds to every Bushel, that shall be shipped or put on board such Ship or Vessel, with Condition that the same or any Part thereof shall not be landed in Great Britain or the Isle of Man, but that the same shall really and truly be exported to other Parts beyond the Seas; and that a Certificate of such Salt having been landed at or in a foreign Port, shall be returned within the Space of Nine Calendar Months from the Date of the said Bond, under the Seal of Office of the chief Magistrate in some Port or Place beyond the Seas, or under the Hand and Seal of the British Consul residing at such Port or Place, or under the Hands and Seals of Two British Merchants then being at such Port or Place, that such Salt was there landed; and on Return and Delivery of such Certificate, such Bond is hereby declared void, and shall be cancelled.

[100, and not less than

80 Tons, 47 G. 3. sess, 2. c, 5S.j

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 87.

427

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Ship, Vessel or RegulatiBg Boat, laden or partly laden with Salt to be carried Coastwise from Bond and One Part of Ireland to another Part thereof, shall be suffered to Socket for depart from the Port or Place where such Ship, Vessel or Boat CQ^stwise. shall take in her Lading, until the Master, Purser or other Person having Charge of the said Ship, Vessel or Boat, shall take and receive from the chief Officer of the said Port, or his Deputy, a Cocket under the Hand of such Officer, expressing the Quantity of such Salt which shall be so shipped to be carried Coastwise, and shall also enter in a Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with sufficient Sureties in the Sum of Fifteen Shillings for every such Bushel of Salt, reckoning Fifty six Pounds to the Bushel, with Condition that all the said Salt shall be delivered and discharged in the Port or Place to which the said Ship, Vessel or Boat shall be destined, or in some other Port or Place in,

and not elsewhere, the Dangers of the Seas excepted; and that such Master, Purser or other Person having Charge of such Ship,

Vessel or Boat, shall return a Certificate of the Landing thereof within Three Calendar Months next ensuing the Date of the said Cocket, under the Hands and Seals of the Collector and Comptroller of His Majesty's Customs, his or their Deputy or Deputies, in the Port or Place where such Salt shall be landed or discharged; and from and after the Return of such Certificate, such Bonds shall become void and shall be cancelled:Provided always, that In Case Salt if any Salt so shipped for Exportation or to be carried Coastwise, lost, &c. at Sea, or any Part thereof, shall perish or be lost at Sea, or shall be taken Bond vold* by Enemies or Pirates at Sea, or shall be stranded, and perish or be lost thereby, and the same shall be duly proved to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, the Bonds entered into in respect of such Salt shall thereupon become void and shall be cancelled: Provided also, that it shall be lawful Proviso for to ship in any Ship or Vessel as much Salt as may be necessary Salt for Ship’s for the Provision of the Crew of any such Ship or Vessel for their use,

Vojrage, without entering into such Bond, upon taking a Cocket in Manner aforesaid of the Quantity of such Salt, and the Purposes for which it is put on board; and also that it shall and may and for curing be lawful to ship as much Salt as may be necessary for curing of Fish, &c.

Fish, or exporting to Newfoundland in Manner hereinafter mentioned.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Salt brought on Salt brought the Coast of Ireland, or within Three Leagues thereof, shall be on tIie Coast subject to the same Duty that such Salt would be subject to if the toPay Duty, or same was actually landed in Ireland; and in case any Ship, Ves- 48°USC< *

sel or Boat, with Salt on board, shall be on any Part of the Coast Hours, of Ireland, or within Three Leagues thereof, for the Space of

Forty eight Hours, and the Person having the Command of such Ship, Vessel or Boat, shall not invoice the said Salt and pay the Duty for the same, or shall not within the said Space of Forty eight Hours duly enter the same for the Purpose of being warehoused, according to the Provisions hereinafter contained, then and in every such Case all such Salt shall be forfeited; and it shall Penalty, and may be lawful for any Officer of the Customs to seize all such Salt as shall be found on board such Ship, Vessel or Boat, and to detain such Ship, Vessel or Boat, in which such Salt shall be so found, until the said Salt shall be unladen.

4-28

C. 87.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Allowances for Salt used in curing Fish.

Proof to be made of Fish cured, &c.

No Sum to be paid unless Entry made of such Salt.

Certificate of landing to be produced to Collector.

Salt may be landed and warehoused on Bond to pay Duty within 12 Months.

LXXIV. And in order to encourage the Fisheries of Ireland, b6 it enacted, That there shall be paid and allowed to every Person who shall proceed to fish on the Coasts of, and shall

cure Fish caught on the said Coasts, such Sum as shall be equal to the Duty on the Quantity of Salt used in the curing such Fish; and the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties shall with all convenient Speed form a Schedule or Table of the several Sums which shall appear to them proper to be allowed in respect of the Quantities of the several Species of Fish which shall be mentioned in such Schedule or Table, as a Compensation for the Duties on the Quantities of Salt used in curing the same respectively; and that so soon as such Schedule or Table shall be formed, and signed by Four or more of the said Commissioners, and shall be approved of by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer in Ireland, the several and respective Sums which shall be set forth and mentioned in such Schedule or Table shall be respectively paid to the respective Persons who shall have caught, cured and landed any such Fish respectively in -land, which Payment shall be made by the Collector of the Port in which such Fish shall be landed: Provided always, that Proof to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties shall be made of the Quantity of Fish caught, cured and landed, and that the same was caught on the Coasts of Ireland, and cured with Salt made in or imported into Ireland; Provided also, that no such Sum shall be paid or allowed unless due Entry be made of all such Salt laden on board any Ship, Vessel or Boat, in any Port of Ireland, for the Purpose of curing Fish therewith, nor unless Bond be given to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, (which Bond the Collector and Comptroller of the Port is hereby empowered to take) by the Master of the Ship, Vessel or Boat, on board which such Salt shall be so laden, with two sufficient Sureties in the Sum of Fifteen Shillings for every Bushel of such Salt, conditioned that such Salt shall be used in curing Fish, and that due Proof shall be made thereof to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or that the same shall be relanded at some Port in, and that a Certificate of the landing thereof at such Port within Six Months after the Date of such Bond, and within One Month after the relanding of the same, shall be produced to the Collector of the Port where such Salt was so laden.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That any foreign Salt, or any Salt of the Produce or Manufacture of Great, which

shall be duly and fairly imported into Ireland in any Quantity not less than Fifty Bushels, upon due Entry thereof, may forthwith, and before Payment of all or any Part of the Duty payable on the Importation thereof, be landed at such Ports or Places in Ireland as the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties may from time to time direct and allow, in the Presence of the proper Officer of the Customs at such Port, from on board the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be imported, any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and that such Salt so landed for the Purpose of warehousing shall be weighed, and carried and put into His Majesty's Warehouse, or into such other Import Warehouse, Storehouse or Cellar, as shall be for that Purpose provided.

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 87.

vided, and shall be approved by the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or by the Collector or Surveyor of the Port, at the Expence and Risk of the respective Proprietors or Importers of such Salt, and under such Rules and Regulations as the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties shall from time to time direct and appoint; and that the Proprietor or Proprietors, or Importer or Importers of such Salt, shall give good and sufficient Bond or Security, to be also approved of by the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or by the Collector or Comptroller of the Port, in Double the Amount of the Duty payable by Law on the Importation of any such Salt, conditioned for the Payment of all such Duty as shall be payable on all such Salt at the Time of taking the same out of Warehouse, before such Salt shall be taken out of Warehouse, in case the same shall be so taken out within Twelve Calendar Months; or in case that such Salt shall not be so taken out of Warehouse within such Twelve Calendar Months, then for the Payment of such Duty at the Expiration of such Twelve Calendar Months; which Duties shall be charged according to the Quantity of such Salt, as the same shall be ascertained by the proper Officer at the Time when such Salt shall be landed and warehoused as aforesaid.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no such Salt shall be put into or delivered out of any such Warehouse, Storehouse or Cellar, in any less Quantity at One Time than Fifty Bushels, and when and so often as the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors of such Salt shall be desirous or have Occasion to put any such Salt into, or to take or deliver the same out of any such Warehouse, Storehouse or Cellar, he, she or they shall give Twenty four Hours’ previous Notice thereof, in Writing, to the Storekeeper or other proper Officer, specifying in such Notice the Day and Hour of the Day when he, she or they intends or intend to lodge or put any such Salt into, or to take or deliver the same out of any such Warehouse, Storehouse or Cellar, and the Quantity of Salt intended to be put into or delivered out of the same; and such Storekeeper or other Officer is hereby authorized and required to attend in pursuance of every such Notice, for the Purpose of receiving or delivering and taking Account of the Quantity of such Salt accordingly:Provided always, that no Salt shall be received into or delivered out of any such Warehouse, except between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and Four in the Afternoon.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person so Salt may be warehousing such Salt shall desire to take the same out of Ware- taken out on house for Home Consumption before the Expiration of Twelve Payment of Calendar Months after the same shall have been so warehoused, it Dut5r* shall and may be lawful for such Person so to do, on paying to the Collector of the Customs at the Port the full Amount of the Duty then payable on the Importation of any such Salt, according to the Quantity of such Salt so warehoused, as the same shall have been ascertained at the Time of its being warehoused; and upon the Production of the Collector’s Receipt for such Duty to the Storekeeper, it shall be lawful for him to discharge the said Salt, and to deliver the same to the Owner thereof, or to his Order, under such Restrictions and Regulations as the said Commissioners of Customs

and

429

Notice of warehousing Salt or taking the same out of Warehouse,

430

46° GEO. III.

Salt may be taken out of Warehouse and exported Duty free to Newfoundland.

In what Case Bond in force.

In what Case vacated.

Salt may be transshipped at certain Ports without being warehoused.

Bond given.

Raw Silk, not being of British Plantations, and entered as such, forfeited, and Penalty50l.

C. 87.

A.D. 1806.

and Port Duties may from Time to Time order, direct and appoint.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to or for any Person or Persons, within Twelve Calendar Months after the Importation and landing of such Salt, to take, free of Duty, for the Purpose of immediately exporting the same in any Ship or Vessel of not less Burthen than Forty Tons, to found and for curing Fish to be there caught, any Quantity of such Salt not less than Fifty Bushels at any One Time from and out of any such Storehouse, Warehouse or Cellar, at the Ports of ford, Ross, Cork, Limerick and upon the Person 'or

Persons so taking out such Salt first giving such and the like Bond and Security as hereinbefore is required and directed respecting Salt exported; and the giving such Bond or Security, together with the Exportation of such Salt for Newfoundland, shall vacate the former Bond or Security entered into on the warehousing of such Salt, so far as the same relates to the Quantity of such Salt so taken out of such Warehouse, Storehouse or Cellar, and exported for Newfoundland as aforesaid:Provided always, that such former Bond shall be and remain in Force and Effect as to all the Salt specified therein, or to which the same shall relate, except the particular Quantity or Quantities thereof so taken out and exported for Newfoundland as aforesaid: Provided also, that such Bond so given on the Exportation of such Salt shall be vacated, upon the like Certificate as is hereinbefore required with respect to all other Salt exported.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons importing Salt in any Vessel arriving in the Harbours of Waterf, Ross, Cork, Limerick or Youghall, after Invoice and Entry of the same, and within Twenty one Days after the Arrival of such Salt at such Port, and with the Consent of the said Commissioners of the Customs and Port Duties, and under such Regulations and Restrictions as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint, to transship such Salt, or any Part thereof, in the Presence of the Officer or Officers to be appointed for that Purpose, without landing or warehousing the same, and without Payment of any Duty on the Importation thereof, and to lade the same in the Presence of any such Officer or Officers on board any Ship or Vessel clearing out from the said Ports for the Newfoundland Fishery: Provided always, that the Persons so transshipping such Salt shall, before commencing the Transshipment thereof, give Bond for the due Exportation thereof to -found and, under the like Regulations as hereinbefore is directed with respect to Salt which shall have been warehoused and taken out of Warehouse for Exportation to.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Entry shall be made of any Raw Silk under the Name or Description of Raw Silk of the Growth or Produce of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations, or Raw Silk of the Growth or Produce of the United States of America, such Silk so entered not being of such Growth or Produce, or being mixed with any Raw Silk not of such Growth or Produce, all such Silk so entered, and the Packages containing the same, shall be forfeited, and the Person making Entry thereof shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds: Provided always, that if any Doubt shall arise whether such Raw Silk or any Part thereof be

21 of

4*6° GEO. III.

431

A.D. 180G.

C. 87.

of such Growth or Produce, the Proof shall lie on the Owner or Claimer thereof, and not on the Informer or Prosecutor.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Rum or Spirits of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, shall be imported or brought into either from the said Colonies or Plantations, or from Great tain, in any Ship or Vessel under the Burthen of Seventy Tons, or if any Foreign Brandy, strong Waters or other Spirits shall be imported or brought from any Port or Place whatsoever in Foreign Parts into Ireland, in any Ship or Vessel under the Burthen of One hundred Tons, except only a Quantity for the Use of the Seamen then belonging to and on board such Ships and Vessels respectively, and not exceeding Two Gallons for each of such Seamen, every such Ship or Vessel, with all her Guns, Tackle, Furniture, Ammunition and Apparel, and also all such Rum, Brandy, strong Waters or other Spirits, shall in each and every such Case be forfeited, and may be seized.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Spirits, except the Spirits called Shrub, shall be imported into Ireland, with which Sugar, Sugar Candy, Syrup or other saccharine or glutinous Substance shall be mixed, such Spirits so mixed, together with the Casks or Vessels in which the same shall be contained, shall be forfeited and may be seized.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Allowance or Abatement shall be made of any Brandy, Rum, Geneva or other Foreign Spirits imported into Ireland, on account of any Increase or supposed Increase of Strength or Quantity by reason of the Heat of the Weather, or on account of the Space occupied by the measuring Rule, or of what is commonly called the Wet Dip.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Drawback shall be allowed upon the Exportation of any Brandy or other Foreign Spirits which shall be exported from Ireland in Casks or Vessels containing less than One hundred Gallons each, or which shall be shipped on board any Ship or Vessel of less Burthen than One hundred Tons; and that no Drawback shall be allowed upon the Exportation of any Spirits distilled in Ireland which shall be exported in Casks or Vessels containing less than One hundred Gallons each, or which shall be shipped on board any Ship or Vessel of less Burthen than Seventy Tons; nor upon the Exportation of any Spirit whatever, which shall be shipped to be consumed on Shipboard, or for any other Purpose than as Merchandize.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That Spirits distilled in Belaud, and not warehoused for Exportation, shall not be exported from any Port n Ireland, except from a Port at which such Spirits might by Law be warehoused for Exportation; and that before such Spirits shall be shipped for Exportation to any Place except Great Britain, Twenty four Hours’ Notice thereof shall be given by the Person intending to export the same, to the Surveyor of the Customs at the Port from which such Spirits are intended to be exported; and the proper Officers of the Customs shall attend the shipping of such Spirits, and shall take an Account of the Quantity and Quality thereof; and before any Permit shall be granted by the proper Officer of the Customs for the shipping any Spirits for Exportation as aforesaid, the Person applying for such

shipping

Plantation Spirits imported only in Ships of Seventy Tons or upwards, and other foreign Spirits in Ships of One hundred Tons or upwards.

No Spirits mixed with Sugar imported.

No Allowance on Importation of Spirits for Heat or Wet Dip.

No Drawback on foreign or Irish Spirits exported in Casks or Vessels less than herein described.

Regulation for shipping Irish Spirits for Exportation (not having been warehoused) to foreign Parts. '

432

C. 87.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

On Exportation of Spirits by Persons, other than Distillers,) Affidavit, &c. to be made as herein mentioned.

Permitgranted.

Spirits shipped subject to Regulations.

Shrub to pay Duty as single Spirits.

Exception.

Colonial Certificate to be produced by Ships with Sugars, or such Sugars to be charged as foreign.

Penalty 1001.

shipping Permit, if he or she be the Distilleer of such Spirits, shall make and sign an Affidavit before such Officer, that the full Duty-payable by Law has been paid for all the Spirits so intended to be shipped; and every Distiller making such Oath shall produce the Gauger’s Permit for removing the said Spirits from the Distillery of such Distiller, which Permit such Officer of the Customs shall keep; and if such Spirits shall be exported by any other Person than the Distiller thereof, then and in such Case such Person shall produce to such Officer of the Custom the Permit of the proper Officer for the Removal of such Spirits to the Port or Place at which the same shall be intended to be shipped, together with the Certificate upon the Credit of which such Permit was granted; and such Person shall also make and sign an Affidavit of the following Import; to wit, That the Spirits so intended to be shipped were received by him or her by virtue of some legal Permit or Permits, on which the Certificate so produced was granted to such Person, and that the full Duty payable by Law has been paid for all the Spirits so intended to be shipped, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief; and such Officer of the Customs shall, in either of the said Cases, grant a Permit annexed to or at the Foot of every such Affidavit, for shipping the Quantity of such Spirits required; and before any Drawback shall be paid for any such Spirits so shipped for Exportation, the Quantity and Quality, or Degree of Strength thereof, and the Contents of each Cask, shall be certified upon the Debenture Paper by the Surveyor and other Officer who shipped and gauged the same; and the Person exporting the same shall make and sign an Affidavit before the Collector, Comptroller or Chief Officer of the Port, from whence the same shall be exported, of the Quantity of Spirits so shipped, and the Ship and Master’s Name, and to what Place bound; and that all such Spirits so shipped for Exportation shall be subject and liable to all such other Rules and Regulations as are in this Act contained, for or in respect of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize shipped for Exportation to Foreign Parts.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Shrub or other mixed Spirits imported into Ireland shall be deemed and taken to be single Spirits or Spirits perfectly made, and shall pay the highest Duty which single Spirits of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the Place from which such Shrub shall be imported are liable to, unless the same shall appear by the Hydrometer to be of a Strength greater than single Spirits.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Arrival of any Ship or Vessel from any of the British Colonies or Plantations in America or the West Indies, with Sugars on board, at the Port of her Discharge in Ireland, the Master or other Person having the Charge of the Ship or Vessel shall, at the Time he makes his Report of the Cargo, deliver to the Collector, Comptroller or other chief Officer of Customs, such Certificate as is required to be given by the Master of such Ship lading in and to sail from any of the said Colonies to Great, and make Oath

that the Goods so imported are the same that are mentioned in the said Certificate, or in default thereof shall forfeit One hundred Pounds; and all Sugars imported without such Certificate shall be deemed to be Foreign Sugars, and not of the Growth, Product or

Manufacture

433

A.D. 1806. 4 6° GEO. III. C. 87.

Manufacture of the British Colonies, and shall pay Duty accordingly.

LXXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all clayed clayed Sugars Sugar shall be deemed Muscovado Sugar within the Meaning of deemed Mus-this or any other Act or Acts in force in and if any covado: in what

Sugar shall be imported into Ireland, as being of the Growth, en^ed as of Product or Manufacture of any of the British Colonies or Plant- plantations, ations in America or the West Indies, without being included in though not in-such Certificate, and that it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the eluded in Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, that such Sugars are Certificate, really the Product, Growth or Manufacture of any such Colonies or Plantations, and that no Fraud was intended, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to permit such Sugars to be entered, upon Payment of the like Duties as the same would be liable to if they were attended with and included in such Certificate.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Drawback or Whatcon-Bounty shall be allowed upon any Sugar which shall be refined in sidered as Ireland, and be exported from thence, unless the same shall be refined Sugar, exported in the Loaf, complete and whole, being net; that is to entitled to say, of one uniform Whiteness throughout, and shall have gone oun y* through the Operation of Two or more Clays since it was last in the Pan, and shall have been properly and thoroughly dried in the Stove, according to the present Practice of refining, or upon such refined Sugar called Bastards, or ground, powdered or refined Sugar, or refined Loaf Sugar broken in Pieces, unless the same shall have been twice clayed and properly dried in a Stove, or upon any Candy, unless properly refined and manufactured, and freed from Dirt or Scum.

XC. And be it further enacted, That if any refined Sugars, com- In what case monly called Lumps, being in Loaves, shall have gone through the Loaves of Operation of Three Clays at least since they were last in the Pan, Sl^a]e^jf and shall be net, and shall have been thoroughly dried in the Stove outhe Tips. in the Manner hereinbefore directed, though such Loaves be exported without the small Ends or Tips, they shall be deemed complete and whole within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and the Exporter or Exporters of the same shall receive the Drawback or Bounty accordingly.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of the Cus- Sugar or Candy toms shall upon View or Examination, either before or after the not duly shipping, find that any Sugar or Candy which shall be entered for refinfd, &o. Exportation in Order to obtain the Bounties or Drawback thereon, ^a besehed shall be Jess in Quantity than expressed in the Exporter’s Entry, may e s 126 or entered under a wrong Denomination, or if such Sugar shall not be respectively refined in the Manner before directed, or if such Candy be not properly refined and manufactured, and freed from Dirt or Scum, all such Sugars or Candy shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by such Officer.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That before any Drawback or Evidence on Bounty shall be paid for any of the Sugars or Candy hereinbefore °ath of mentioned, being of the Manufacture of Ireland, or any Deben- Refiner and tures made out for the same, the Refiner or Refiners not being the SiedSuar Exporter or Exporters of such Sugars or Candy, shall make an Oath before the Collector or Comptroller of the Port from whence Raw Sugars such Sugars or Candy shall be exported, or where such Sugars or were duly paid.

46 Geo. - III. F f Candy

434

C. 87.

A.D. 1806.

43 G.3. c. 120. § 2. as to Certificate of landing Tea in Ireland repealed.

Dying Sloe Leaves, &c. and mixing them with Tea,

16° GEO. III.

Candy were refined, that he, she or they sold such Sugars or Candy, expressing the Quantity and Time when sold, to the Person or Persons intending to export the same, and that such Sugars have respectively gone through the Operations hereinbefore iex-pressed, and have been properly and thoroughly dried in the Stove, or that such Candy has been properly refined and manufactured, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and that he, she or they verily believes or believe such Sugars or Candy were produced from Brown or Muscovado Sugars, of the Growth or Product of His Majesty's Plantations in or the

Indies, and imported from thence or from Great, and that

the several Duties payable thereon were duly paid; and the Exporter or Exporters of such Sugars or Candy shall then make Oath before such Collector or Comptroller that such Sugars or Candy, for which such Bounty or Drawback is then claimed, are the identical Sugars or Candy, or Part thereof, which were sold to him or them as aforesaid by such Refiner or Refiners; and before the Money due upon such Debenture or Debentures shall be paid, such Exporter or Exporters shall make Oath, in the Manner herein directed, that such Sugars or Candy have been duly exported, and the proper Officer of the Customs at the Port respectively from which such Sugars Or Candy shall be exported, shall certify that the same have been fairly shipped and all other Requisites duly performed; and whenever the Refiner or Refiners of such Sugars or Candy shall be the Exporter or Exporters thereof, such Exporter or Exporters shall then make Oath or Affirmation in Manner aforesaid, as well of the due Exportation of the same, as of the several Particulars hereinbefore directed to be sworn by such Exporter or Exporters, excepting what relates to the Sale of the said Sugars or Candy, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend so much of an Act made in this Session of Parliament for granting additional Duties of Excise, as relates to the Exportation of Tea to Ireland; for regulating the granting of Permits for the Removal of Coffee, Tea and Cocoa Nuts out of Warehouse and for more ffectually securing the Duties on, as enacts,

that the Certificate of the due landing in Ireland of any Quantity of Tea exported from England shall be produced to and left with the proper Collector of the Customs and Officer of Excise repect-ively, within Two Months after the Date of the Bond or Security, given or entered into in respect of the Exportation of such Tea, and that it shall be a Condition of such Bond that such Certificate shall be actually produced to and left with such Collector of the Customs and Officer of Excise respectively within such Two Months after the Date as aforesaid, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person in Ireland shall dye, fabricate or manufacture any Sloe Leaves, Liquorice Leaves or the Leaves of Tea that have been used, or the Leaves of any other Tree, Shrub or Plant in Imitation of Tea, or shall mix, colour, stain or dye such Leaves or Tea with Terra Japonica, Sugar, Melasses, Clay, Logwood, or with any other Ingredients or

Materials

A.D. 1806.

46' GEO. III. C. 87.

435

Materials whatsoever, or shall sell, vend, utter, or offer or expose to Sale, or shall have in his, her or their Custody or Possession any such dyed, fabricated or manufactured Leaves in Imitation of Tea, or any such coloured, stained or dyed Leaves or Tea mixed with any of the Ingredients before mentioned, or with any other Ingredient whatsoever, such Person or Persons shall respectively for every Pound of such Leaves so dyed, fabricated or manufactured in Imitation of Tea, and for every Pound of such mixed, coloured, stained or dyed Leaves and Tea, forfeit and pay Penalty lol. the Sum of Ten Pounds, and all such Leaves and Tea shall be for- Per aDd

Forfeiture.

Tobacco may be imported only at certain Ports enumerated.

Vessels with Tobacco on board found within other Port than those

Spirits, Teas, Wines and Coffee, may be

feited and may be seized.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to import any Tobacco at any Port or Place in save and except the Ports of Dublin, Drogheda, Dundalk, Belfast,

Galway, limerick, Londonderry, Cork, Waterford, Wex-

ford., Kinsale and Strang ford; and if any Ship or Vessel shall be found within the Limits of any other Port, Harbour, Haven or Creek within Ireland, having Tobacco on board in any Packages whatsoever, or shall be discovered so to have been, save only and except in case of unavoidable Necessity and Distress, (of which Necessity and Distress the Master, Purser or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall •immediately, after the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel in such Port,

Harbour, Haven or Creek, give Notice in Writing, and make Proof before the Collector or other chief Officer of the Customs herein men-resident at such Port or Place where such Ship or Vessel shall ar- tioned forfeited, rive,) such Ship or Vessel, with all her Guns, Tackle, Furniture,

Ammunition and Apparel, and also the Tobacco on board, shall be forfeited. [Extended to Sligo, 48 G3. 62. §6.]

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to import any Brandy, Rum or other Spirits, or any Teas, Wines or Coffee without Licence from the Commissioners of the Customs ., .

and Port Duties, or some Officer appointed by them for the Pur- ^Tobacc^ pose of granting such Licence, at or into any Place or Port in p0rts.

Ireland, save only such Places or Ports where Tobacco may by Law be imported, and the Ports of the Shire Towns of Counties, and the Ports of New Ross, Coleraine, Westport and and

if any Ship or Vessel shall be found within the Limits of any other Port, Haven or Creek within Ireland, having Brandy, Rum or other Spirits, or any Teas, Wines or Coffee on board, in any Packages whatsoever, without a Coast Cocket for such Goods, or without a Licence as aforesaid having been previously obtained, or shall be discovered so to have been, save only and except in case of unavoidable Necessity and Distress, (of which Necessity and Distress the Master, Purser or Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel shall immediately after the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel in such Port, Haven or Creek, give Notice in Writing and make Proof before the Collector and other chief Officer of Customs at the Port where such Ship or Vessel shall arrive,) such Ship or Vessel, with all her Guns, Tackle, Furniture, Ammunition and Apparel, and also all Brandy, Rum or other Spirits, Teas, Wines or Coffee on board, shall be forfeited:

Provided nevertheless, that it shall and may be lawful to have so much Tea, Brandy, Rum or other Spirits for the Use*of the Sea-

Ff 2

men

t-3 6

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

C. 87.

Tobacco of Growth of Russia or Turkey may be imported into Tobacco Ports in Ireland, and warehoused and exported as Tobacco of United States of America.

Allowance for Draft, &c. of Tobacco.

Portugal 'Wine snay beim ported in Hogsheads only.

Unmerchantable Wine may he spilled.

Wines to be entered as filled.

men then belonging to and on board such Ship or Vessel, as shall not exceed in Quantity Two Gallons of Spirits, and One Pound of Tea for every Seaman.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to import directly from the Territories or Dominions belonging to the Emperor of Russia and the Ottoman or Turkish Empire, or through Great Britain respectively, in British or Irish built Ships, owned, navigated and registered according to Law, into any of the Ports in Ireland, into which Tobacco may by Law be imported, and to

enter, land and lodge or secure in any Warehouse or Warehouses provided according to Law for the Reception of Tobacco in Ireland, any Tobacco being of the Growth or Product of any of the aforesaid Territories or Dominions, and that such Tobacco may be exported from Ireland in like Manner, or entered for Home Trade or Consumption in Ireland, on Payment of the like Duties as Tobacco of the Growth or Product of the United States of America may be exported from Ireland, or entered for Home Trade or Consumption in Ireland respectively at the Time; and the Exporter of such Tobacco, being of the Growth or Product of any of the aforesaid Territories or Dominions, shall, upon the said Tobacco being manufactured in Ireland, and exported according to Law, be entitled to and allowed such and the like Drawbacks as are severally and respectively allowed upon the same Sorts and Descriptions of Tobacco manufactured from Tobacco of the Growth or Product of the United States of America, legally exported from Ireland.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That an Allowance at the Scale shall be made of Eight Pounds for Draft of every Package that shall contain Four hundred and fifty Pounds Weight of Tobacco or more, and Two Pounds for every such Package for Nailage, which Allowance on Tobacco shall not be deducted on Exportation. [Repealed, 56 G. 3. c. 85. § 4.]

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That no Wine of the Growth or Produce of Portugal shall be imported into Ireland, or into any Port, Harbour, Haven or Creek thereof, in any Bottle, Jar, Cask or other Vessel which shall not contain Sixty three Gallons at least, upon pain that all such Wine, and the Bottle, Jar, Cask or Vessel in which such Wine shall be contained, shall be forfeited, and may be seized.

C. And be it further enacted, That in case any Merchant or other Person shall find his Wine, or any Part thereof, in his Judgment so damaged, corrupt or unmerchantable, as not to be worth the Duties, in such Case such Merchant shall have Liberty, immediately after the Landing the said Wines in Ireland, to stave and spill the same in the Presence of such Officer or Officers as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or by the Collector or other chief Officer of the Port where the said Wines shall be imported; and that the Merchant so staving and spilling such Wines shall be repaid the whole Duty paid by him for the same, without any Delay, Charge, Fee or Deduction, on any Pretence whatsoever.

CI. And be it further enacted, That all Wines imported into Ireland shall be entered and charged with Duty as filled Wines, and not otherwise, without any Allowance thereon for Leakage or

otherwise:

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 87.

437

otherwise: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to alter the Prisage or Butlerage of Wine upon the Importation of the same.

CII. And, for securing the Duty on Wood imported into,

be it enacted, That every Importer or Proprietor of Wood so imported, and subject to Duty by the Load of Fifty Cubic Feet, or by the Ton, shall give Twenty four Hours’ Notice to the Surveyor or Landwaiter appointed to attend the Discharge of the Ship or Vessel in which such Wood shall be imported, of the Time and Place when and where the Admeasurement of the same is intended to take place, and such Admeasurement shall not take place at any other Time than between the Hours of Ten in the Morning and Three in the Afternoon, unless with Consent of the Officers attending; and such Importer or Proprietor shall cause all such Wood to be so placed, as to enable the Officer or Officers of the Customs, and his and their Assistants, with Ease and Convenience, to take the Dimensions of every Piece of Wood so imported; and no such Wood shall be carried or conveyed away by such Importer or Proprietor, nor shall be discharged before it shall be so measured, and the Dimensions thereof taken by the Officer, and the Duty thereon paid according to Law; and if any Importer or Proprietor of such Wood shall neglect or refuse to give such Notice, or to afford such Assistance to the Officer or Officers as is herein required, or shall carry or convey away any such Wood before the same shall be so measured by the Officer, and the Duty be paid as aforesaid, then and in every such Case such Importer or Proprietor shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That all Lamb Skins and Wool of Lamb Skins may be separately exported; and no Lamb Skins, whether slink or slaughtered, from which the Wool shall not have been taken, shall be exported from Ireland to any Place whatsoever except Great Britain, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture thereof.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Wine shall be landed or entered on Bill of View, the Importer, Proprietor or Consignee thereof shall not remove such Wine until an Account thereof shall be taken, and the Quantity and Quality thereof ascertained by the proper Officer, and thereupon such Wine shall be laid up or stored in His Majesty's Warehouses at the Risk and Expence of such Importer, Proprietor or Consignee, and in case such Wine shall not be removed and taken away by the Importer, Proprietor or Consignee thereof, and all Duties thereon duly paid and satisfied within Fourteen Days after such Account shall have been so taken, and the Quantity and Quality ascertained, and the same shall have been stored as aforesaid, the Importer, Proprietor or Consignee of such Wine, shall within the said Fourteen Days enter into a Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with Two Sureties in Double the Amount of such Duties conditioned for Payment of such Duties within Two Years after the Date of such Bond, which Bond the Collector and Comptroller of the Port where such Wine shall be so landed is hereby empowered to take: And in case the said Bond for securing the said Duties shall not be given in Manner aforesaid within the said Fourteen Days, or in case all the Duties payable on such Wine

FfS shall

Prisage

and Butlerage.

Regulations for discharging and paying Duty on Wood imported.

Carrying away Wood without Notice.

[Penalty.]

Exportation of Lamb Skins and Lamb Wool.

Duties on Wine landed on Bill of View shall be secured by Bond.

If Duties not bonded as herein mentioned,

438

C. 87.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

"Wine may be sold by Inch of Candle.

Notice of Sale.

Drawback on Wine paid, if exported within Five Years.

Certain Goods warehoused under existing Acts may be exported free of Duty.

No Allowance by Portage Bills.

Hours of Attendance by Officers at Custom House Quay.

Brokers liable to Surcharges as Proprietors.

Surveyors may remove Goods from Quays after Two working Days.

shall not be paid before the Expiration of the said Two Years? then, and in either of such Cases, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or for the Collector or other chief Officer of the Port, to cause all such Wine to be publicly sold by Auction or Inch of Candle, as soon as conveniently they can, after the said Fourteen Days or Two Years respectively, and after such Sale the Produce thereof shall be first applied towards the Payment of Duties and of the Store-age and all other Charges thereon, and the Overplus, if any, shall be rendered and paid to the Proprietor or the Person lawfully authorized to receive the same; Provided always, that One Month's Notice of such Sale shall be given in such Manner as is required with respect to the Sale of other Goods, Wares and Merchandize landed on Bill of View.

CY. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Wine imported into Ireland may be exported from thence at any Time within Five Years from the Importation thereof, and the Drawbacks and Allowances on the Exportation of such Wine shall and may "be paid and allowed at any Time during such Five Years; any thing in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding.

CVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person who shall have deposited any Wine or Sugar in any of His Majesty's Warehouses in Ireland, by virtue of this Act, or any Act or Acts in Force at the Time of the passing of this Act, to export such Wines and Sugar without Payment of Duties thereon; anything in any Act or Acts in Force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That no Allowance or Sum of Money by Bills, usually called Portage Bills, shall be paid to any Master of any Ship or Vessel; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Officers of Customs shall give constant and due Attendance in their respective Offices, Stations and Businesses, and at the Custom House Quays and Stores, from the Hour of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon to the Flour of Three of the Clock in the Afternoon of every Day in the Year, Sundays and Holidays excepted, for the Dispatch of Business, instead of attending at the several Hours during which they were formerly required to attend.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Broker shall make and sign an Entry of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, in the Name or for the Use of any other Person or Persons, every such Broker shall be liable to and pay any Surcharge or Surcharges with which such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall by Law be chargeable, as well as the actual Importer and Proprietor of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize.

CX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Customs at any Port in Ireland, and they are hereby required to take and remove all Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported, which shall be suffered to continue on the Custom House Quay, for any Space of Time more than Two working Days after the same shall have been taken an Account of by the proper Officer, and to lodge the same in His

Majesty’s

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III.

C.&7.

439

Majesty's Stores at such Port, until the Duties thereon shall be paid or secured to be paid, and also until all Expences of such Removal and Storing shall be paid and satisfied by the Owner or Proprietor of such Goods, or the Person to whom the same were consigned, together with the further Sum of Five Pounds; and in Owner, &c. case such Owner, Proprietor or Consignee, shall refuse or neglect neglecting, to pay such Expences, and also such Sum of Five Pounds, within the Space of One Month next after the same shall be so removed pences' c* into His Majesty's Stores, it shall be lawful for such Surveyor or Surveyors to sell the same by public Auction, and to apply the Surveyor may Money arising therefrom to the Payment of such Duties and Ex- sel1 Goods by pences, and the said Sum of Five Pounds, and the Costs and ?^blic Auc’ Charges attending such Sale, rendering back any Overplus thereof tion* to such Owner or Owners of such Goods or Merchandize.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That no Goods, Wares or No private Merchandize shall be sold by Auction on any Custom House Quay, Sales by unless the same shall be sold by Order of the Commissioners of House

Customs and Port Duties; and if any Person or Persons shall sell Quays without or attempt to sell any Goods, Wares or Merchandize by Auction rermission of on any such Quay, contrary to this Act, such Person or Persons Surveyor, shall for every Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds:Provided Proviso, always, that it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to-seller dispose by Auction any damaged Goods, Wares or Merchandize which shall be landed on such Quays, with the Permission of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Customs at the Port for the time being.

CXIX. And, to prevent idle and disorderly Persons from frequenting the Custom House Quays of the Ports of Dublin and Cork, under pretence of plying and acting as Porters on the same, by which the Property of Individuals has in many Instances been porters acting purloined, be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Per- on Quays of ° son to ply or act as Porter on the Custom House Quays of the Dublin and Ports of Dublin or Cork, or in the Stores of the said Custom before Houses, or either of them, until such Person shall be first approved bad£ed, &c. of by the Surveyors of the said Quays or Stores respectively, and receive from them, in Testimony of such Approbation, a Badge signifying the same, which Badge shall be delivered to every such Person without Fee or Reward; and if any Person shall ply or act as Porter on the said Quays, or either of them, or in the said Stores, until badged and approved of as aforesaid, such Person being thereof convicted before any Magistrate of the Cities of Dublin or Cork respectively, shall forfeit the Sum of Five penalty 51 Pounds, and in default of Payment of the said Sum, shall be imprisoned for One Month without Bail or Mainprize.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall Carmen taking take any Goods, Wares or Merchandize from off the Custom Goods from House Quay of Dublin, without first obtaining from the proper Dyblin Quay Officer a Gate Note, permitting such Goods, Wares and Mer- _ltboufc ^ate chandize to be taken away, such Person shall forfeit the Sum of °te>

Five Pounds, together with the Cart, Car or other Draft, and the penalty 51. &c. Horse or Horses, or other Beasts of Burthen drawing or carrying the same, which Cart, Car or other Draft, and such Horse or Horses, or other Beast of Burthen, maybe seized for such Offence by any Officer of the Customs, and in default of Payment of such

F f 4 Penalty,

440

C. 87.

46 GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Imprisonment.

Masters, &c. of Vessels discharging Cargo otherwise than as herein mentioned.

Penalty 101.

Having Fire on board Ships in Docks.

Penalty, 20l.

Penalties payable-in British Currency, and recoverable as under Customs or Excise Acts; 14 & 15 C. 2. c. 8, &c.

c. 106. post,

Penalty, every such Person so offending shall be imprisoned for One Month without Bail or Mainprize.

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or any Three of them, or such Person as they or any Three of them shall empower for that Purpose, shall appoint such Place as he or they shall think proper for every Ship or Vessel arriving at the Custom House Quay in the Port of Dublin, to discharge the Cargo of such Ship or Vessel; and that it shall not be lawful for the Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel to discharge the Cargo or any Part thereof at any other Place than the Place so to be appointed; and the Master or other Person having the Charge of such Ship or Vessel offending therein, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds for every such Offence.

CXV. And Whereas Fires frequently happen among Shipping lying at the several Quays, or being in the Docks of or belonging to the several Custom Houses in, and Goods, Wares

* and Merchandize lying on such Quays, or deposited in His Majesty's Stores, are often endangered by such Fires; ’ For Remedy thereof, be it enacted, That no Master, Mate or other Person, having the Charge of any Ship, Lighter, Gabbard, Wherry, Barge, Boat or other Vessel lying at any of the Quays, or being in any Dock of or belonging to any of His Majesty's Custom Houses in

Ireland, or lying contiguous to any of His Majesty's Stores, shall have or keep, or permit or suffer to be had or kept, any Fire on board such Ship, Lighter, Gabbard, Wherry, Barge, Boat or other Vessel, for any Use or Purpose whatsoever (except Candlelight); and it shall be lawful for any Person appointed by the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties to go on board any such Ship, and to remove or extinguish any Fire which shall be kept on board any Ship contrary to this Act; and in case any such Master, Mate or other Person shall keep or permit any such Fire to be kept, or shall obstruct or prevent any Person so authorized from removing or extinguishing the same, such Master, Mate or other Person shall forfeit, the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every such Offence.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act, shall be paid and recovered in British Currency, and shall and may be sued for, recovered, levied and applied in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers and Authorities as are prescribed, directed and appointed in and by an Act of Parliament, made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the settling of the Excise or new Impost upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an Act of Parliament, made in Ireland in the said Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for settling the Subsidie of Poundage, and granting a Subsidie of,

and other Sums of Money unto His Royal Majestie, His Heirs and

Successors, the same to be paid upon Merchandizes imported and exported into or out of the Kingdom Ireland, according^ to a Booh of flaks hereunto annexed; or in and by any Act made or to be

made

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 87, 88.

441

made in this present Session of Parliament to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; or in and by any other Act or Acts in Force in Ireland relating to the said Revenues, Matters and Things, or either of them, as fully and effectually, to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes, as if the same were particularly mentioned and expressed and re-enacted in this Act, with like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties who shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved or injured, as is provided in and by the said Act of Excise, or by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the said Revenues, Matters and Things, or either of them.

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall com- Commence-mence and take effect on and from the Twenty ninth Day of - ment of Act. tember One thousand eight hundred and six.

[i See48 G. 3. c. 62. — See Regulations as to the Irish Coasting Trade, 1 G. 4. c. 26.]

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act to provide for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in and the

warehousing of such Spirits for Exportation.

[12th 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide for the better secur- W ing the Duties of Excise on Spirits distilled in,

and for encouraging the Exportation of such Spirits, by warehousing the same without Payment of Duty; ’ Be it enacted, by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person or Persons shall have, or keep, or make use of, any Still or other Utensil for distilling Spirits in, without hav-

ing first obtained a Licence for keeping and using the same from the Commissioners of His Majesty's Revenue of Inland Excise in Ireland ', in the Form following; (that is to say,)

No Person to keep a Stiil without Licence from Commissioners of Excise.

4 AB. of is [or A.B. and C.D. of 4 are] hereby licensed to have, keep and make use of the Form of

4 Still [or Stills] after mentioned; that is to say, Licence.

4 No. I. A Still, the Body whereof contains Gallons,

and which said Still, with the Head thereof, and every Appendage thereto included, contains Gallons, the Diameter

of the said Still at the widest Part thereof most remote from the Bottom being Inches; the Altitude of the said Still

from the Centre of the said Diameter to the Bottom being Inches; the Diameter of the Bottom of the said Still,

taken in an horizontal Line, being Inches; and the Di-

ameter of the Bottom of the Neck of the said Still being Inches. \_Andy in case of more than one Stilly'] Also, one other Still; (that is to say,)

4 No. II. A Still [specifying in like Manner every Still,

‘ with the Number, Contents and Dimensions thereof for which

442

C.S8.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

One Licence for Partners.

Minors, being Distillers, made liable to this Act.

Mode of estimating Contents of Still.

Still exceeding Content licensed by Gallons, Penalty 101.

If by 20 Gallons, Penalty 5001. Sic.

Still to be made In certain Proportions.

such Licence shall be granted']. The said Still [or Stills] to be

had, kept and used in the Distillery of the said A.B. [or, A.

and C. Z>.] situate at in the Parish of

4 in the County [City, or Town] of

4 This Licence to remain in full Force until the Twenty ninth Day of September next ensuing the Date hereof. Witness my Hand [or, our Hands] this Day of One thousand

eight hundred and E.F. Commissioner of Excise,

4 or

4 E.FI 4 G. II. > Commissioners of Excise.

4 I. K.)

4 Witness, L. M.Secretary to the Commissioners of Excise.

Provided always, That Persons in Partnership carrying on the Business of Distilling shall not be obliged to take out more than one such Licence.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and all Regulations therein contained, shall extend and be construed to extend, to any Person under the Age of Twenty one Years, in whose Name or for whose Use or Benefit any Distillery shall be exercised, managed or carried on, and such Person shall be liable to all Duties of Excise on account of such Distillery, and to all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Person were adult and of full Age.

III. And be it further enacted, That, for the Purpose of charging the Duty on Spirits, the Content of any Still shall be estimated according to the Quantity of Liquor which such Still, (including the Head thereof, and every Appendage to such Still or Head, of any Kind or sort whatsoever, whereby such Still or the Head thereof, or any Part thereof, shall be connected or shall any Way communicate with the Worm,) shall be actually capable of containing; and if any Still in the Distillery of any Distiller shall exceed by Four Gallons or more the Content specified in the Licence of such Distiller, as being the Content of such Still, the Person or Persons in whose Possession the same shall be found, or who shall have used the same, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds; and if any Still in the Distillery of any Distiller shall exceed by Twenty Gallons, or more, the Content specified in the Licence to such Distiller, as being the Content of such Still, the Person or Persons in whose Possession the same shall be found, or who shall have used the same, shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and every such Still so exceeding in Content shall in all Cases be deemed an unlicensed Still, and shall be forfeited and may be seized.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Still for distilling of Spirits in Ireland shall be of the Proportions following:The Diameter of such Still, to be taken in the widest Part of such Still, and in that Place of such widest Part as shall be most remote from the Bottom of such Still, shall be to the Altitude of such Still, ascertained in a perpendicular Line from the Centre of the Diameter so taken from the Bottom of such Still, in the Proportion of not more than Three to One; that is to say, for every Inch of such Altitude, such Diameter shall not exceed Three Inches, and so in Proportion: and that the Diameter of the Bottom of such Still, to

1 21 be

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III.

c. ss.

be taken in an horizontal Line, shall not be equal to the greatest Diameter thereof taken as aforesaid, and shall not be less than Three Fifths of such greatest Diameter, nor shall the Bottom of any such Still be otherwise curved than inwards or towards the Body of such Still.

V. And be it further enacted, That before any such Licence shall be granted to any Person to have, keep or make use of any Still or Stills, the Person applying for the same shall transmit to the Commissioners of Excise in D, a Drawing or Representation of each and every Still for which such Person shall require a Licence, setting forth the Number, Content, Shape, Dimensions, and Proportions of such Still, measured and specified according to the Directions of this Act, for their Approbation; and in case such Commissioners shall disapprove of any such Still or Stills for not being conformable to such Directions, or otherwise, it shall and may be lawful for them, and they are hereby empowered to refuse granting a Licence for the same.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Person requiring such Licence shall also make out, sign and deliver to the Collector of the District, an Account in Writing, to be entered and registered in the Office of Excise of the District in which such Still or other Utensil for distilling is to be kept or used, containing his, her or their Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode; and the Place where the Distillery containing such Still or other Utensil is or shall be situated; and the Number of Stills, Still Heads, and Worms, intended to be kept there; and the Number of Gallons which the Body of each such Still is capable of containing; and also the Number of Gallons which each such Still is capable of containing, together with the Head thereof, and every other Appendage thereto included, separately set forth; and shall also in like Manner make out, sign and deliver an Account in Writing, to be so entered and registered as aforesaid, of all Coppers, Vats, Keeves, Backs, Coolers, Vessels and other Utensils whatever, to be used in such Distillery, and also of the several Stores, Apartments and Places wherein any Part of the Business of such Distillery is to be carried on, or wherein any Materials for distill in of Spirits, or any Spirits are to be kept or stored, with a Ground Plan of the Whole; and in such written Account the Person making the same shall distinguish every such Still, Still Head, or Worm, and also every such Copper, Vat, Keeve, Back, Cooler, Vessel, and other Utensil, and also every such Store, Apartment, and Place, by separate Numbers relating to each Article, in Arithmetical Progression, beginning with Number I. and shall in the Ground Plan set forth the Situation of the same respectively; and upon every such Still, Still Head or Worm, and upon every such Copper, Vat, Keeve, Back, Cooler, Vessel and Utensil, and also upon the Out-, side of the Door of every such Store, Apartment and Place, shall paint, or cause to be painted, with Oil Colour in Black or White, and shall keep thereon so painted, the Number thereof respectively in Conformity with such Account; and that the Surveyor of Excise within whose Survey such Distillery shall be situate, shall, at the Bottom of every such Account, before the same shall be delivered to or received by the Collector, certify the Truth of such Account, by signing his Name thereto, and thereupon the Collector

443

Description of Stills required to be licensed shall be sent to the Commissioners of Excise.

To obtain such Licence, the Party shall make out Account to be entered in the Excise Office, containing the Particulars of his Name, and the Contents of his Stills, Coppers and Stores, of which Entry the Collector shall give a Certificate.

444,

C. 88.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Such Certificate to be Evidence.

Oath and Bond of Party licensed.

Form of Oath.

Licences to be signed by One Commissioner in Cities, and by Three elsewhere, and to be in force to 29th Sept, yearly.

No Still to be licensed under 500 Gallons.

47 G. 3. sess. 2. c. 17. § 1.

tor of Excise of the District shall file or enter and register such Account in the Office of Excise of the District, and shall grant a Certificate of such Account and Registry, by giving a Copy thereof, signed by him; and such Account and Registry, and every such Ceritficate thereof, shall be Evidence on any Question that shall or may arise, or on any Information in consequence of or touching any of the Provisions of this Act.

VII. And be it furthur enacted, That before any such Licence shall be granted to any Person to keep any Still, such Person shall produce to the Person authorized to grant such Licence the said Certificate of the Collector of Excise; and the Person requiring such Licence shall also take and subscribe the Oath following; (that is to say,)

* J A.B.of Distiller, do make Oath, That I will

‘ not use, or suffer to be used, any Copper for distilling or

* making any Low Wines, Singlings or Spirits, or for any other

* Purpose than boiling Water or small Worts or a preceding Brew-

* ing mixed with Water for brewing Pot Ale, or Water for cleaning the Vessels in my Distillery; and that I will not use, or suffer

* to be used, any Still in making or distilling Spirits from Wash,

6 Low Wines, or Singlings other than the identical Still and Stills ‘ by me previously entered and registered in the Office of Excise;

‘ and that I will not use or work, or suffer to be used or worked,

* any Still in distilling Spirits from Wash, Low Wines or Singlings,

* of which Notice shall have been given by me to discontinue

* Work, without having given such Notices as are required by ‘ Law, to be given of again commencing to work; and that I will ‘ not directly or indirectly be concerned in the rectifying or com-

* pounding of any Spirits during such Time as I shall be licensed

* to distil Spirits. So help me GOD.

And such Person shall also, with Two sufficient Sureties, enter into a Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in a Penalty after the Rate of Five Pounds for each Gallon of the Content of each Still to be licensed, the Body and Head inclusive, conditioned for the Payment of all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be chargeable by Law on such Person for the Duties on Spirits or Strong Waters distilled by such Person, or with which such Person shall be charged under and by virtue of this Act, or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to such Duties.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Licence to have, keep or make use of any Still or Stills, shall be signed by one or more of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise in

land, if the Still ta be licensed is situated in any City, Town or Borough sending a Member to Parliament; and by Three of the said Commissioners, at least, if such Still be situated in any other Part of Ireland; and shall be of force from the Date thereof, until the Twenty ninth Day of September then next following, and no longer.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Licence shall be grant-

ed for the keeping or using any Still, the Body whereof, without the Head or any other Appendage thereto, shall not be capable of containing Five hundred Gallons at the least. [Commissioners of Excise may licence Still under 500 Gallons, and not less than 200 Gallons!}

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 88.

445

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful

for the said Commissioners of Inland Excise, in their Discretion, to refuse to grant any such Licence to any Person or Persons to keep a Still or Stills; and also to withdraw any such Licence in case any Still or Stills for which such Licence shall be granted shall be removed to any Place other than the Place mentioned in such Licence, or in case such Person so licensed shall have been convicted of any Fraud or Offence against the Laws, which shall subject such Person to a Penalty of Twenty Pounds or upwards; and it shall and may also be lawful for such Commissioners of Excise to refuse to grant a Licence to any Person to keep any Still or Stills in any Distillery which shall have been occupied by any Person so convicted. [See fu, .50 3. 15. §9.]

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful

for the said Commissioners of Excise, or any Three of them, to grant, without any Fee, a Licence for One or more Still or Stills to be kept and used at Apothecaries’ Hall in Dublin, of any such Dimensions or Content as such Commissioners shall think fit, and as shall be specified in such Licence; and that it shall and may be lawful for any One of the said Commissioners of Excise, or any Collector of Excise within his District, upon Application for that Purpose, to grant, without any Fee, a Licence to any Chemist, Apothecary or Druggist, to keep or make use of One or more Still or Stills of such Dimensions, not exceeding Twelve Gallons Content, and no other, as shall be specified in such Licence for distilling Medicinal Compounds or Cordials, or Cordial or Medical Waters only; and that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise, or any Three of them, to grant a Licence to any such Person or Persons as they shall think proper, to keep or make use of One or more Still or Stills, at their Discretion, not exceeding Twelve Gallons Content each, for the distilling of Medical Waters, or for making Experiments and Discoveries in Natural Philosophy; and all such Licences shall be in force until the Twenty ninth Day of September next ensuing the Date thereof respectively:Provided, that before any such Licence shall be granted, for any Still or Stills at Apothecaries’ Hall in,

the Treasurer or Clerk of the Company of Apothecaries there, or some Person to be appointed by the said Company, and to be approved of by the said Commissioners of Excise, shall enter into a Bond to His Majesty, in a Penalty after the Rate of Ten Pounds for each Gallon Content of each such Still to be licensed, conditioned that such Still or Stills shall not be used or employed in distilling any Spirits whatever, other than and except Medicinal Compounds and Cordial Waters; and that before any such Licence shall be granted to any Chemist, Apothecary, Druggist or other Person applying for the same, such Chemist, Apothecary, Druggist or other Person shall, previous to the granting of such Licence, enter into a Bond to His Majesty, with One or more Sureties, in the Sum of One hundred Pounds conditioned that such Chemist, Apothecary, Druggist or other Person, shall not distil or sell any Spirits whatsoever other than and except Medicinal Compounds and Cordial Waters, nor lend or let out any such Still to any Person whatsoever; and in case of any Breach of the Condition of any such Bond, the Licence in respect of which such Bond was

given

Commissioners may refuse or revoke Licences.

Licences to Apothecaries’ Hall, Chemists, Apothecaries,

&c.

How long such Licences in force.

Bond to Ire given.

446

C. 88.

46° GEO. III.

Licence to distil Oil of Turpentine.

Bond.

Proviso for Visits of Officers.

Distillers not to be Rectifiers.

Penalty 5001. &c.

Distiller not to be licensed as a Factor.

Penalty 1001.

---- — . *. A.D. 1806.

given shall, immediately after Judgment had upon such Bond, be null and void.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful

for the said Commissioners of Excise, or any Three of them, upon Application for that Purpose, to grant, without Fee or Reward, a Licence to any Person or Persons resident in, or in the Vicinity of any City or Town Corporate in, to keep or make use

of One or more Still or Stills of any such Dimensions or Content, and no other, as such Commissioners shall think fit, and as shall be specified in such Licence, for the Purpose of distilling or rectifying of Oil of Turpentine, or Spirits of Turpentine, or for the Purpose of distilling of any chemical or essential Oils, and such Licence shall be in force until the Twenty ninth Day of September next ensuing the Date thereof respectively: Provided, that before any such Licence shall be granted, every Person applying for the same shall, previous to the granting of such Licence, enter into Bond to His Majesty, with One or more Surety or Sureties, in a Penalty, after the Rate of Ten Pounds for each Gallon of the Content of each Still to be licensed, conditioned that such Person shall not distil or sell any Spirits -whatsoever, other than and except Oil of Turpentine or Spirits of Turpentine, or the chemical or essential Oils mentioned in such Licence; and that such Person shall not lend or let out such Still to any Person whatsoever; and in case of any Breach of the Condition of such Bond, such Licence shall, immediately after Judgment had upon such Bond, be null and void; provided also, that every Person, so licensed, shall be subject and liable to the Visits of any Officer of Excise, and to such of the Rules and Regulations in this Act contained, as the Commissioners of Excise shall, from time to time, think necessary to enforce, for preventing any Fraud against this Act by the Parties so licensed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person licensed as a Distiller under this Act shall rectify or compound any Spirits; and that it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise to grant any Licence to rectify or compound Spirits to any such Distiller so licensed under this Act, or to any Person in Trust or for the Account of such Distiller; and if such Distiller shall rectify or compound any Spirits, or shall be directly or indirectly concerned or engaged in the rectifying or compounding of Spirits, such Distiller shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and the Licence of such Distiller under this Act shall be and is hereby declared to be void.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller shall be licensed to sell or deal in home made Spirits not distilled by such Distiller, or to sell or deal in Foreign Spirits on Commission or otherwise; and that no Distiller shall receive or deal in or sell any Spirits by Commission or otherwise, except such Spirits as shall have been distilled in some Distillery of such Distiller duly entered and licensed according to this Act; and if any such Distiller shall receive or sell, or deal in any home made or Foreign Spirits by Commission, or otherwise, contrary to this Act, such Distiller shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III.

G. 88.

447

XV. And be it farther enacted, That no Distiller shall brew or Distillers not to make any Liquor from Corn, malted or unmalted, other than Pot brew Ale or Ale, to be distilled by him; and it shall be lawful for any Officer Beer.

of Excise to charge ail Liquor made or brewed from Corn, malted or unmalted, in the Possession of any Distiller, in the same Manner as Pot Ale or Wash, for the Purpose of distilling, is by this Act chargeable; and in case any Pot Ale or Liquor brewed or made from Corn, malted or unmalted, shall be found in the Possession of such Distiller, not duly declared by him, such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Ten Gallons of such Pot Ale or other Liquor:Provided always, that it shall be lawful for every such Distiller to have in his Dwelling House a reasonable Quantity of Beer and Ale for the Use of himself and his Family; such Ale or Beer not having been brewed b}' such Distiller.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller shall for Having Still or the making of or in the distilling of any Low Wines, Singlings or Utensil or Spirits, or for the brewing, making, fermenting or prepairing any Apparatus not Wort, Wash or Pot Ale, wherewith or wherefrom to distil Low pfnah^sool. Wines, Singlings or Spirits, or for or in any Process appertaining anc\ Forfeiture, or relating thereto respectively, have or keep or make use of any

Still, Still Head, Worm, Copper, Keeve, Vat, Cooler, Back or other Vessel or Utensil whatever, or any Appendage or Apparatus whatever, communicating or connected directly or indirectly with any Still, Still Head, Worm or Copper, or any Part thereof respectively, such Still, Still Head, Worm, Copper, Keeve, Vat,

Cooler, Back or other Vessel or Utensil, Appendage or Apparatus, not having been set forth, or not being numbered as set forth, or in any other Place than shall be set forth in the Account by this Act required to be made and delivered by such Distiller, and filed, entered and registered as aforesaid, on requiring his Licence; or if any Distiller shall have, keep or make use of any Still, Still Head, Worm, Copper, Keeve, Vat, Cooler, Back, Vessel or other Utensil, or any Appendage or Apparatus whatever, communicating or connected, directly or indirectly, with any Still, Still Head,

Worm or Copper, or any Part thereof respectively, other than such as shall have been set forth in such Account, Entry or Registry, without having given Four Days’ Notice in Writing to If Notice not the Collector or other Superior Officer of the District, and to the given of having Surveyor and Gauger in charge of his or her Distillery, and with- StiU> &c* out an Account thereof being made out, signed, delivered, entered and registered in Manner aforesaid, such Distiller shall forfeit for every such Still, Still Head, Worm, Copper, Vat, Keeve, Back,

Cooler, Vessel, or other Utensil, Appendage or Apparatus, the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and every such Still, Still Head, Worm, Still, &c. for-Copper, Vat, Keeve, Back, Cooler, Vessel or other Utensil, Ap- feited. pendage or Apparatus, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Still or Still Stills, Still Plead, or Worm of a Still, shall be found in any Place whatever, Heads and

or in the Possession of any Person whomsoever, (except a Brazier Worms may be or Person following the Trade of making or repairing Stills,) the Licenced not same shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Ex- produced *, and cise, Justice of the Peace, or Peace Officer, or by any licensed Implements

Dictiiw

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

448

and Spirits forfeited.

Excepts Stills conveying by Permits.

Notice of Seizure by Justice of Peace, &c. given to Collector.

Difference of Diameter in Neck of Stills kept by same Person,

Penalty 20l. &c.

Distillers keeping more Worms than Stills.

Penalty 201.

C. 88.

Distiller, unless a Licence in force, to the Person in whose Possession the same shall be found for keeping such Still, Still Head or Worm, shall be produced, and delivered to be read at the Time when such Officer of Excise, Justice of the Peace, Peace Officer or licensed Distiller, shall find such Still, Still Head or Worm; and Every Person in whose Possession any such Still, Still Head or Worm, shall be found, without such Licence being so produced, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds for each such Still, Still Head or Worm respectively, and all other Vessels and Utensils for distilling, or commonly made use of in the Process of Distillation; and all Spirits, Low Wines, Singlings, Wash, Pot Ale, Malt or Corn, and all Materials for making Spirits, found in the Possession of any such Person as foresaid, shall be forfeited, and may be seized in Manner aforesaid, and such Vessels or Utensils may be destroyed, and such Wash or Pot Ale may be spilled or otherwise disposed of, as hereinafter mentioned:Provided always, that if any Still, Still Head or Worm, shall be found upon the Road conveying by a proper and sufficient Permit to any Distiller duly licensed, or from such Distiller to any Brazier, or Maker or Mender of Stills duly licensed, or from such Distiller to any Excise Office, it shall not be forfeited or spizable as aforesaid, nor shall the Person conveying the same be liable to any Penalty on Account thereof.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any such Seizure as last aforesaid shall be made by any Justice of the Peace, Peace Officer or licensed Distiller, by virtue of this Act, such Justice of the Peace, Peace Officer or licensed Distiller shall, within Six Days after such Seizure, give Notice thereof in Writing to the Collector of the District, or to the next resident Officer of Excise, who shall take into his Custody, and secure the Matters and Things so seized, in like Manner as if the same had been seized by him.

" Articles seized may be sold to a licensed Distiller. § 19. [i?e-

pealed, and a Reward to Officer, 48 G. 3. c. 81. § 112.]

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Person using or keeping more than One Still (not being a Brazier, or Person following the Profession of making or repairing Stills) shall have, keep or use any Stills, the Diameter of the Neck of any One of which, taken at the Bottom of such Neck, shall not be Two Inches wider or narrower at the the least than the Diameter of the Neck so taken of any other Still or Stills kept or used by him, so as that all the Stills kept by such Person shall differ in the Diameter of the Neck by the Breadth of at least Two Inches from each other, under pain of forfeiting the Sum of Twenty Pounds and all or either of such Stills.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller shall keep, or have any greater Number of Worms of Stills than the Number of Stills which he or she shall have been licensed to keep, nor shall use in distilling of Spirits any greater Number of Worms than One Worm with any One Still, without the Consent of Three of the said Commissioners of Excise first obtained in Writing under their Hands for that Purpose; and if any greater Number of Worms of Stills shall be found in the Distillery of or in any other Place belonging

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 88.

449

longing to or occupied by any Distiller, than the Number of Stills

which such Distiller shall be licensed or allowed as aforesaid to

keep, every such Worm of a Still so found, and also every Still

with which more than One Worm shall be used, or to which there

shall be more than One Arm, shall be forfeited and may be seized,

and the Distiller in whose Possession any such Worm or Worms,

or Still, shall be found, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Penalty 201.

Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller shall use Using Copper# any Copper in his Distillery for any other Purpose than boiling or as Stills, warming Water, or Small Worts of a preceding Brewing mixed

with Water, or if by Means of any Appendage or Apparatus annexed to, or used with any Copper, or by Means of any Device or Contrivance whatever, any Copper shall be connected with the Body, or I-Iead or Worm of any Still, every such Copper and Still shall be forfeited, and such Distiller shall also forfeit the Sum of Penalty 5001, Five hundred Pounds; and if any Apparatus shall be found in the if Apparatus Possession or in the Distillery of any Distiller, which might render found, 201. such Copper or Coppers capable of being used in Distillation, such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller shall set Distillers to every Still used or kept by him in Brick or Stone with Mortar, set Stills, and and shall from time to time provide such Fastenings or Locks and provide Locks Keys to the Head and Cocks of the Stills, and to the Furnace an<* Keys. Door thereof, and shall keep the same in good and sufficient

Order, in such Manner as shall be approved of by the Surveyor of Excise in charge of such Distillery, or shall pay for such Fastenings, Locks and Keys, as shall be provided by such Surveyor; and if any such Distiller shall use or keep any Still not so set in Brick or Stone, or shall neglect to provide, repair or pay for such:

Fastenings, Locks and Keys, within such Time as shall be required by such Surveyor, every such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Penalty 201. Twenty Pounds for every such Offence.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller shall make use of or keep in any Distillery any Copper or Vessel for warming or boiling Water for brewing Pot Ale, the Diameter whereof at the Mouth shall be less than the Diameter thereof in any other Part of such' Copper or Vessel, or shall have or keep any such Copper or other Vessel, set or placed in any Manner other than in such Situation as that the Still, or Place where such Still shall be set or shall stand, shall be in as direct a Line as the Building will permit, between the Place where such Copper or other Vessel shall be set or stand, and the Place where the Worm Tub shall be set or shall stand, every such Copper or Vessel shall be forfeited, and may be seized; and the Distiller in whose Distillery any such Copper or Vessel shall be found, or any such Copper or Vessel shall be set or placed in any Situation other than as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each such Offence.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller shall in any Distillery make use of any Cooler which shall not be screwed down or otherwise fastened to Beams firmly fixed at both Ends in tire Walls of the Building, or in some other firm and substantial Manner, or shall alter the Level or Dipping Place of apy Cooler

46 Geo. III. G g or

Dimensions of Coppers, and how to be set.

Coppers, &c. set otherwise than as herein mentioned forfeited and seized.

Penalty 201.

How Coolers to be fastened, and accommodated to the Use of Officers.

450

46° GEO. III.

A.D. 1800.

Penalty 201.

Contents of Backs, &c. regulated by Size of Stills.

Forfeited, and Penalty 201.

Proviso for use of present Vessels until others provided.

Spirits, &c. to be kept in Stores in or adjoining to Distillery.

[Penalty.]

Contents of Casks containing Spirits.

Penalty 201. Officers empowered to

C. 88.

or Back in such Distillery, or the Beams that support the same, after it shall have been so fixed as aforesaid, or shall suffer the same to be altered without having previously given Four Days’ Notice thereof to the Surveyor or Gauger in Charge of such Distillery; or if such Distiller shall use any Cooler, through or across the Centre of which there shall not be erected, and constantly kept fixed lengthways, from One End to the other, a firm Frame or Stage of Wood, at least Eighteen Inches in Breadth, and of Thickness sufficient to prevent the same from bending, wherefrom the Officer of Excise may gauge the Liquor in such Cooler, or if there shall not be a firm Hand Rail of the Length of such Stage, conveniently placed in respect thereto, every Distiller so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller shall have, keep or make use of any Back, Cooler or other Vessel in the Distillery of such Distiller, for fermenting any Wort, Wash or Pot Ale, or for containing any Low Wines or Singlings, which shall be of less Content than the full Charge of the Still, or (if there shall be more than One Still) of the largest Still in such Distillery; and if any such Back, Cooler or other Vessel, shall be found in the Distillery of any Distiller, which shall be of a less Content than aforesaid, such Back, Cooler or other Vessel shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and such Distiller shall for every such Vessel forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if at the Time of the passing of this Act, any Distiller shall not be provided with Backs, Coolers, Vessels or Casks, according to the Regulations of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise, by Order under the Hands of any Three of them, to allow such Distiller to use the Backs, Coolers, Vessels or Casks in his Possession, for such Time as such Commissioners shall think necessary, or until such Distiller, shall have provided himself with Vessels or Casks of the proper Dimensions, according to the Regulations of this Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller shall keep all Spirits distilled, and all Wash, Pot Ale, Singlings and Low Wines, in the Distillery of such Distiller, or in some Store or Stores in or adjoining to such Distillery, registered in Manner hereinbefore mentioned; and all Spirits, Wash, Pot Ale, Singlings or Low Wines, which shall be found in any Store or Stores not so registered, shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and the Distiller or Distillers, or other Person or Persons, to whom the same shall belong, shall for every Gallon of such Spirits, and for every Ten Gallons of Wash or Pot Ale, and for every Three Gallons of Singlings and Low Wines, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Spirits stored in the Store or Distillery of any Distiller shall be kept in Casks of the Size or Content of not less than One hundred Gallons each; and if any Cask shall be found in any such Store or Distillery containing Spirits which shall be of any less Size or Content, such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every such Cask.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Excise at all Times, as well by Night as by

Day,

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 88.

451

Day, to enter into every House, Distillery, Still House, Out enter Distil-House, Store and Place whatsoever, of or belonging to or made use leries *° gauge of by any Distiller in Ireland, and to gauge, measure and take an e c"

Account of every Still, Still Head, Copper, Keeve, Vat, Cooler,

Back or other Vessel or Utensil of any Kind, of or belonging to, or kept by any such Distiller, and to gauge and take an Account of all Spirits which shall be from time to time made or distilled, and of all Malt and Corn, and of all Worts, Wash, Pot Ale, Singlings, Low Wines and Materials whatsoever, for making or distilling Spirits, which shall be from time to time made use of by such Distiller, and of all such Spirits and Materials for making or dis- Returns to be tilling of Spirits, as shall be in any House, Distillery, Store or made by Offi-Place, belonging to such Distiller, and to make Returns thereof in cen Manner hereinafter mentioned.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of Ex- Distiller ob-cise or his Assistants shall be hindered, obstructed or prevented strutting

by any Distiller, or by any Servant or Person acting in the Em- ^xcise cer5 *

ployment of such Distiller, from entering into any Distillery, or

any House, Out House, Store or other Place whatsoever of such

Distiller, or if any such Officer or his Assistants, having entered,

shall be hindered, obstructed or prevented by such Distiller, or by

any Servant or Person acting in the Employment of such Distiller,

or in or upon the Premises of such Distiller, from gauging any

Vessels, or taking any Account of the Stock of Malt, Corn or

Spirits of such Distiller, or of any Liquor or Ingredients preparing

for or used, or ready to be used in distilling in such Distillery, or

from seeing the whole Process of distilling completely finished, or

from taking an Account of the Liquors distilled, or to be distilled,

or in Process of distilling, or from doing any Part of his Duty in

the Execution of this Act, or of any other Act which may be in

force respecting Distilleries, such Distiller shall for every such

Offence respectively forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds. Penalty.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller shall Casks to be place and keep all Casks and Vessels in which any Spirits shall be Placed properly Stored or kept, or which shall be made use of in distilling, in con- or SauSinS* venient Situations, with their Dipping Place uppermost, and easy

of Access, in such Manner as any Officer of Excise in Charge of the Distillery shall reasonably direct, for the more readily and effectually taking the Gauge thereof, or in Default thereof every such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each Penalty,

Cask or Vessel not so placed.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller, on Distiller to Demand of any Officer of Excise made at the Distillery of such furnish Officer Distiller, shall not furnish or cause to be furnished a strong and with Ladder safe Ladder, with Steps Four Inches broad at the least, or shall an<* lights, not have provided an I-Iand Rail, or a Rope in the Nature of an

Hand Rail, conveniently placed with respect to such Ladder, of Length sufficient to enable such Officer to ascend to and examine any Cooler, Back, Worm Tub, or other Vessel or Utensil in such Distillery, or shall not fix such Ladder at the Dipping Place of any such Cooler, or at any other Part of any such Cooler, Back,

Worm Tub, or other Vessel or Utensil, where such Officer shall require, or shall on any Visit made by any Officer of Excise, neglect or refuse to supply every such Officer, on Demand, with G g 2 sufficient

452

C. 88.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Penalty 201.

Officer may order Water to be drawn off from Worm Tub.

Penalty 201. Refusing Admission to Officer.

Penalty 1001.

Owners of adjoining Houses to admit Officers to search for Spirits.

Penalty 501.

If no Person appears to give Entrance to Officers, House may be broken open.

Proviso, if no Malt, &c. found.

Distiller refusing Entrance to Officer,

sufficient Lights for the Purpose of searching and gauging all the Stock on Hand belonging to such Distiller, as well by Day as by Night, every Distiller so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of Excise shall, at any Time, when Singlings or Spirits shall not be running off from a Still, require that the Water contained in anjr Worm Tub belonging to such Still shall be drawn or run off, the same shall be drawn or run off accordingly; and if the same shall not be drawn or run off by some Person in the Distillery, it shall be lawful for any such Officer to draw or run off such Water, or so much thereof as he shall think necessary; and if the Water shall not be so drawn or run off, at the Request of such Officer, the Distiller in whose Distillery such Worm Tub shall be situate, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Officer of Excise shall not be admitted into any Distillery, after having demanded Admittance into the same, and declared his Name and Business, and after having waited for the Space of One Quarter of an Hour after such Demand made at the House of the Distiller, or the Gate or Entrance Door, or any Window of the Distillery of such Distiller, such Distiller shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXXVI. And Whereas Distillers have frequently made use of Places adjoining their own Houses or Distilleries, for the Purpose of clandestinely making, brewing, distilling or concealing ‘ their Malt, Wash, Pot Ale, Singlings, Low Wines or Spirits For Remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Occupier of any House, Store or other Place adjoining to or in the Neighbourhood of the Dwelling House or Distillery of any Distiller, or if any Servant of the Owner or Occupier of any such House or Place, shall not, on Demand of any Officer of Excise, made in the Day Time, admit such Officer of Excise, or shall not allow him to enter and search such House, Store or Place, for Malt, Wash, Pot Ale, Singlings, Low Wines or Spirits, such Occupier of such House, Store or other Place, shall in every such Case forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if no Person shall attend or appear in such House, Store or Place as aforesaid, to give Entrance to such Officer, it shall be lawful in the Day Time for such Officer and his Assistants, or in the Night Time for such Officer and his Assistants, in the Presence of a Constable or other Peace Officer, who is hereby authorized and required to be aiding and assisting therein, to break open and enter such House, Store or Place, and make Search therein for any Malt, Wash, Pot Ale, Singlings, Low Wines or Spirits, which such Officer may have reasonable or probable Cause to suspect to be fraudulently concealed therein: Provided always, that if upon Search no such Malt, Wash, Pot Ale, Singlings, Low Wines or Spirits shall be found, such Officer shall repair all the Damages done, or make^ reasonable Satisfaction for the same to the Owner or Occupier of such House, Store or Place.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if the House, Store or Place broken open, and entered, shall communicate with the

Distillery,

A.D. 1806. 46° GEO. III. C. 88.

Distillery of any Distiller, or any Part of the Premises thereunto belonging, and if such Distiller, or some Person on his Behalf, shall not, on Demand made, give Entrance into such Distillery to any Officer requiring the same, every such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Officer of Excise to visit in the Day Time any Sugar Plouse in Ireland, belonging to any Sugar Baker, and there to take an Account of all Melasses Wash, and Sugar Wash, and upon any Decrease afterwards found therein, such Sugar Baker shall forfeit a Sum equal to the Duty which would be payable by Distillers upon Spirits distilled from such Wash, unless due Proof shall be made that the same had been sold to a licensed Distiller, or other-xvise disposed of in the Business of a Sugar Baker; and all Sugar Wash, and Melasses Wash, found at any Sugar Bakers Twenty four Hours after it shall be taken from the Cistern, and not declared to the Officer of Excise, shall be forfeited and may be seized.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of Customs or Excise in Ireland shall directly or indirectly ask, take or receive any Bribe, Fee, Gratuity, Recompence or Reward, for the Neglect or Non Performance of his Duty under this Act, or for the Performance of his Duty, other than such Salary, Recompence, Reward or Gratuity, as shall be allowed by the said Commissioners of Excise, or shall directly or indirectly ask, take or receive any Sum or Sums of Money, Article, Matter or Thing whatever, from any Distiller for or on any Account whatsoever, every such Officer so offending shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and such Officer shall and may be indicted for such Offence either at the Assizes or Quarter Sessions held in the County in which such Offence shall be committed; and in case any Indictment shall be found at such Assizes or Quarter Sessions against such Officer, he shall plead thereto, without having Time to traverse the same; and it shall be lawful for the Court before whom such Officer shall be tried and convicted, to inflict such Punishment on such Officer as may by the Laws and Statutes in force in Ireland be inflicted on Persons guilty of Misdemeanors, and such Officer so convicted shall thenceforth be incapable of holding any Office or Employment whatsoever, Civil or.Military, under His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or under any Authority derived from His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller shall, before commencing to brew any Worts, Wash or Pot Ale, and also before commencing to work any Still or Stills in any Year, and so in like Manner before he or she shall recommence so to work any Still, after any Discontinuance thereof in such Year, give Six Days’ Notice in Writing to the Collector of the District, and to the Surveyor and Gauger in charge of the Distillery of such Distiller, setting forth the Day and Hour when such Distiller intends to commence so to brew or to work any Still respectively, or to recommence so to work any Still as hereinafter provided; and any Distiller who shall brew any Worts, Wash or Pot Ale, or who shall work any Still or Stills without having given such respective Notices, shall for each such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

453

from adjoining Houses,

Penalty 1001.

Officers may visit Sugar Houses, and take Stock.

Wash at Sugar Bakers not declared, forfeited.

Officers taking Bribes, &c.

Misdemeanor.

Incapacity.

Distiller to give Notice of Time of brewing and Distilling.

Penalty 2001.

4 54

C. 88;

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Distillers to commence on a Monday,

Mode of discontinuing working of Distiller on Notice at the End of the first Eight Weeks, or at the End of any subsequent Period of Four Weeks.

Officers to secure Still, or on Failure Distiller charged as for a working Still.

Still found warm after Discontinuance.

Penalty 1001. Notice of Recommencement of working.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no other Day than Monday shall be mentioned in any such Notice for commencing or recommencing to work a Still, and that no Distiller shall commence or recommence to work any Still in pursuance of any such Notice except on a Mond and that every such Still shall be presumed to be kept regularly at Work from the Day mentioned in such Notice for the commencing or recommencing to work such Still, until the ^working thereof shall be discontinued in Manner hereinafter mentioned; that is to sa}'-, Every such Distiller may from time to time discontinue the working of any such Still, on giving a Notice in Writing of such Intention to discontinue such working, to the Collector of the District, and to the Surveyor and Gauger in charge of the Distillery, Six Days at the least previous to the Day mentioned therein for discontinuing the same, requiring by such Notice, that the Still or Stills, the working of which is so intended to be discontinued, may be locked on the Day expressed in such Notice, and specifying the Hour of the Day at which such working is so intended to be discontinued: Provided always, that no other Day than Monday be mentioned in any such Notice for discontinuing to work any Still or Stills, and that such Monday shall be the Close of a Period of Weeks in the Year, whereof the common Divisor or Aliquot Part shall be Four, and shall be not less than Eight Weeks distant from the Time of commencing to work such Still in any Year, nor less than Four Weeks distant from the Time of recommencing to work the same after any Discontinuance in such Year; and that the Hour of the Day specified in such Notice shall be some Hour before Twelve of the Clock at Noon on such Monday.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That at the Time specified in any such Notice of Discontinuance, it shall and may be lawful for any Excise Officer in charge of such Distillery, and he is hereby required, to strap down and fasten the Head of every such Still, the working of which is so intended to be discontinued, by locking the same, and to lock the Door of the Furnace Grate, and to stop and lock the Discharging Cock or Pipe of any such Still 5 and if such Officer be prevented from so doing by any Person at such Distillery or in consequence of the Distillery being locked, and no Person appearing to give Entrance to such Officer or otherwise, or if any Still shall in any Event not be locked in Manner hereby directed, such Distiller shall continue to be charged with, and pay Duty, as if he had not given such Notice of Discontinuance as aforesaid; and such Notice shall be deemed void and of no Effect.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if'at any Time subsequent to Twenty four Hours after any Still shall have been locked, or by any of the Provisions of this Act ought to have been locked, or after the Time mentioned in such Notice as aforesaid of discontinuing the working of such Still, such Still, or the Works in which it is set, shall be found hot or warm, the Distiller or Distillers in whose Possession the same shall be so found shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller, who shall have discontinued the working of any Still in Manner aforesaid, shall intend to set at work again such Still so discontinued, such

Distiller

A.D. 1806.

4g°geo. hi.

C. 88.

£55

Distiller shall deliver a Notice in Writing of such his Intention to the Collector of the District, and to the Surveyor and Gauger in Charge of the Distillery of such Distiller Six Days at least before the Day on which such Distiller shall intend to recommence the working of such Still, specifying the Day, agreeable to the Provisions of this Act, and the Hour, on which he intends so to recommence working such Still (which Day shall be a,

and shall not be less than Four Weeks distant from the Time of the last Discontinuance of the working of such Still); and One of such Officers to whom such Notice shall be given shall attend, and open the Locks and Fastenings of such Still accordingly, and shall charge such Distiller with Duty as herein provided from the Day mentioned in the Notice for the Recommencement of the working of such Still. (a) \_Any Monda, 56 G. 3. c. 111. § 15.]

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That in ail Cases where anjr Person shall, at the Expiration of any Licence granted under this Act, discontinue the Trade and Business of a Distiller, or shall at any Time during the Continuance of his Licence discontinue working for the Remainder of any Year in Manner hereinafter mentioned, such Person shall, within Seven Days after the Expiration of such Licence, or after so discontinuing to work, cause the Works, in which any and every Still in the Distillery of such Distiller were set, to be taken down, and shall displace and remove any and every such Still and Stills, and shall also displace and remove clear out of the Worm Tub the Worm belonging to any and every such Still respectively; and shall, within Seven Days then next following, send or convey any and every such Still, and the Heads and Worms belonging to the same respectively, to the Excise Office of the District in which such Distillery shall be situate, there to be kept for Twelve Calendar Months, unless the same shall within the said Twelve Calendar Months be redelivered to the Proprietor thereof on his being licensed under this Act, or shall be disposed of by such Proprietor to some licensed Distiller, which it shall be lawful for such Proprietor to do; and in case any such Still, or Head or Worm of a Still, shall remain at the said Excise Office for the Space of more than Twelve Calendar Months, it shall be lawful for the Collector of the District to break up and render useless any and every such Still, Still Head and Worm, and to cause the Materials thereof to be sold; and the Produce thereof, after deducting all Expences of such Sale, and a reasonable Sum for the Warehouse Room for the same during the said Twelve Months, shall be paid by such Collector to the Proprietor thereof; and in case any Still, Still Head or Worm, shall be fouild in the Distillery, or in any other Place in the Occupation of any Person who shall have so discontinued the Business of a Distiller, at any Time after the End of Fourteen Days after the Expiration or Determination of any Licence to such Distiller, every such Still, Still Plead and Worm, shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and the Person in whose Possession or on whose Premises the same shall be found shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

" Mode of charging Distiller on Decrease of Wash or Singlings " from Corn, or on Charge of Still therewith. § 47.

" 47 G. 3. sess. 2. c. 17. § 8.] Double Duty shall be charged on

G g 4 " every

Distiller on discontinuing Business on Expiration of his Licence, shall remove his Stills.

In what case Stills, &c. broke up and sold.

Produce how

disposed of.

Stills, &c, found after determination of Licence forfeited, and Penalty 1001.

456

Distiller liable to Duty on Spirits according to a certain Number of Monthly Charge^ of Low "Wines in each Still for 32 Weeks or 224 Days in each Year.

C. 88. 46° GEO. III. A.D. 1800 *

" every disproportionate Decrease of Wash. § 48. f. " 47 G. 3. m2, c. 17. § 7.]

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That notwithstanding any Discontinuance of working, under the Provisions hereinbefore mentioned, every Distiller shall, during the Continuance of his Licence in each Year, be charged with and shall pay Duty for a Quantity of Spirits in respect of each and every Still belonging to such Distiller, according to the Content thereof, and according to a certain Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for each such Still, and according to a certain Number of Weeks and Days, as hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say,) Every such Distiller shall be charged for each and every such Still for not less than Thirty two Weeks, or Two hundred and twenty four Days during the Continuance of such Licence; and that for every Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, while any such Still shall continue or be presumed to continue working, or shall be chargeable as working under this Act, such Distiller shall be charged with and shall pay Duty for such Quantity of Spirits as might be produced (according to the Rates hereinbefore mentioned) from the several Numbers of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines hereinafter severally set forth, for and in respect of each and every Still, being of the several Contents following; that is to say,

From Seventy four Charges, of Low Wines or Singlings for every Still under Seven hundred and fifty Gallons Content, and not less than Five hundred Gallons Content:

From Seventy two such Charges, for every Still under One thousand Gallons Content, and not less than Seven hundred and fifty Gallons Content:

From Sixty six such Charges, for every Still under One thousand two hundred and fifty Gallons Content, and not less than One thousand Gallons Content: (a)

From Sixty four such Charges, for every Still under One thousand five hundred Gallons Content, and not less than One thousand two hundred and fifty Gallons Content:

From Sixty two such Charges, for every Still under One thousand seven hundred and fifty Gallons Content, and not less than One thousand five hundred Gallons Content:

From Fifty eight such Charges, for every Still under Two thousand Gallons Content, and not less than One thousand seven hundred and fifty Gallons Content:

From Fifty six such Charges, for every Still under Two thousand two hundred and fifty Gallons Content, and not less than Two thousand Gallons Content:

From Fifty four such Charges, for every Still under Two thousand five hundred Gallons Content, and not less than Two thousand two hundred and fifty Gallons Content:

From Fifty Two such Charges, for every Still under Two thousand seven hundred and fifty Gallons Content, and not less than Two thousand five hundred Gallons Content:

From Fifty such Charges, for every Still under Three thousand Gallons Content, and not less than Two thousand seven hundred and fifty Gallons Content:

(a) [See other Charges on Stills of the Content herein -

tioned, 47 G. 3. sess. 2. c. 17. § 5.]

From

A.D. 1806. 46° GEO. III. C. 88. 457

From Forty eight such Charges, for every Still of Three thousand Gallons Content or upwards:

And that every Distiller shall, over and above the respective Quantities aforesaid, be charged with and pay Duty for as much more Spirits as might be produced, according to the Rights hereinbefore mentioned, from all Pot Ale, Wash, Low Wines or Sing- M

lings, which such Distiller shall actually distil within every such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days; and the Surveyor Officer to make or Gauger in charge of any Distillery, shall, in his Return to the Return accord* Collector of the District for the last Week of the first Period of eve!7 4th Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days next after the Day mentioned Distiller^o pay in any Notice for the Commencement or Recommencement of the Duty accordworking of any Still, in Manner directed by this Act, and so in ingly. like Manner in his Return for the last Week of every other or subsequent Period of Four Weeks, or Twenty eight Days, while such Still shall continue or be presumed to continue working, or shall be chargeable as working under this Act, make a Return and Charge upon such Distiller of such Quantities of Spirits, and the Duties thereon, as, with the Quantities comprized in the Returns of Spirits distilled by such Distiller during the Three preceding Weeks, shall amount to the full Quantity of Spirits for which such Distiller is hereby chargeable with Duty for such Period of Four Weeks, or Twenty eight Days; and also of such further Quantity of Spirits as might be produced according to the Rates hereinbefore mentioned, from all Pot Ale, Wash, Low Wines or Singlings, which such Distiller shall actually distil within such Week, and such Distiller shall pay the Duty, appearing by such Return and Charge to have become due and payable, within Six Days after such Return and Charge shall have been made, or shall for every Default forfeit Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double Penalty sol. the Duty so returned and charged. [Charges'on and Double

Stills in lieu of Charges under this Act, 49 G. 3. c. 99. § 37.] Duty.

L. And be it further enacted, That in case the Quantity of Officers in each Spirits charged upon any Distiller in any Year ending on the Year to make Twenty ninth Day of September, shall not amount to the full Quan- Retu^n to tity of Spirits for which such Distiller is by this Act chargeable Amount of G with Duty within such Year, being for the Period of Thirty two Spirits charge-Weeks, or Two hundred and twenty four Days, according to the able in the Rates aforesaid, (exclusive of all Spirits made within or Duty Year, exclusive charged in any Return for any Period of Four Weeks, for any ad- any Surplus ditional Quantity which might have been produced in such Period according to the Rates hereinbefore mentioned, from all Wash, ar* *

Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, which such Distiller shall have

actually distilled within such Period,) the Surveyor or Gauger in

charge of the Distillery of such Distiller shall, within Twenty

Days after such Twenty ninth Day of Sept, make a Return

to the Collector of the District in which such Distillery shall be

situate, of such Quantities of Spirits, and of the Duties thereon, as,

with the Quantities comprized in former Returns of Spirits against

such Distiller within the Year ending on such Twenty ninth Day

of September (exclusive of such additional Quantities as aforesaid),

shall amount to the full Quantity of Spirits for which such Distiller

is by this Act made chargeable with Duty for the Period of Thirty

two

458

C. 88.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Commissioners empowered to grant Abatement where a Still is set up in the Course of any Year.

Distillers may discontinue working for the Remainder of a Year on Notice; after the Periods herein mentioned.

two Weeks, or Two hundred and twenty four Days in such Year, according to the Rates aforesaid (exclusive of such additional Quantities as aforesaid); and such Return shall be a Charge on such Distiller, who shall pay the Duty appearing by such Return to have become due and payable within Six Days after such Return shall have been made, or shall for every Default forfeit Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Duty so returned and charged: Provided always, that if any Distiller shall be desirous of obtaining a Licence for any Still or Stills at any Time between the First Day of November in any Year, and the Twenty ninth Day of September in the succeeding Year, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise to reduce the Quantity of Spirits for which such Distiller is by this Act chargeable with Duty for and in respect of such Still or Stills, during the Continuance of such Licence, to such Quantity of Spirits as may reasonably be distilled in such Still or Stills between the Time that such Licence shall be so granted and the Twenty ninth Day of September then next ensuing; provided that such Reduction shall be in the Proportion to the Part of the Year which shall have elapsed from the Twenty ninth Day of September preceding the taking out such Licence to the Time of the taking out the same as Thirty two Weeks is to Fifty two Weeks; and that the Person taking out any Licence for such Still or Stills shall in all other respects be subject and liable to all the Rules and Regulations in this Act contained.

LI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Distiller who shall have worked for so many Periods of Eight Weeks or Four Weeks, as shall make in the whole Twenty four Weeks, or One hundred and sixty eight Days in any One Year, after the Time when such Distiller shall have first commenced working in such Year, shall be desirous to discontinue working for the Remainder of such Year, from the End of the said Twenty four Weeks, or One hundred and sixty eight Days, during which he shall have worked as aforesaid, or from the End of any Period of Four Weeks, or Twenty eight Days subsequent to the Period of One hundred and sixty eight Days, which he shall have actually worked in any One Year; it shall and may be lawful for such Distiller to discontinue working accordingly, on giving a Notice in Writing, of his Intention so to discontinue working for the Remainder of the Year, to the Commissioners of Excise, and also to the Collector of the District, and to the Surveyor and Gauger in charge of the Distillery of such Distiller, Fourteen Days at the least previous to the Day mentioned for so discontinuing to work for the Remainder of the Year; and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise, or any Three of them, upon Application to them made by such Distiller for that Purpose, to declare the Licence granted to such Distiller to be ended and determined from and after the Day mentioned for so discontinuing working, and the same shall be ended and determined accordingly; and it shall also be lawful for the said Commissioners to reduce the Quantity of Spirits for which such Distiller shall by this Act be chargeable with Duty, during the Continuance of his Licence, to such Quantity as such Distiller shall be chargeable with during so many Periods of Eight Weeks or Four Weeks, as such Distiller shall

have

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 88.

459

have actually continued working, or shall have been chargeable as

continuing to work, together with such further Quantity of Spirits

as might be produced from all Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or

Singlings, which such Distiller shall have actually distilled during

such Periods, according to the Hates in this Act specified; and Distiller

if at any Time after the Day mentioned in any such Notice of any forking after

such Distiller, for so discontinuing to work for the Remainder of such Notice.

the Year, any such Distiller shall brew any Worts, Wash or Pot

Ale, or shall distil any Wash, Pot Ale, Singlings or Low Wines,

or shall work any Still or Stills in such Distillery, or if after the

Day mentioned for so discontinuing to work, any Worts, Wash,

Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, shall be found, or any Still or

Stills shall be discovered working in the Distillery of such Distiller,

such Distiller shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum

of Five hundred Pounds, and shall be chargeable and charged with, Penalty 5001.

and pay Duty under this Act, as if he had not given such Notice &c.

of Discontinuance as aforesaid; and it shall not be lawful for

the said Commissioners of Excise to licence any Person to keep

the said Distillery, or to have, keep or make use of any Still or Stills

therein, for the Remainder of such Year, nor during the Term of

One Year next ensuing the Twenty ninth Day of September after

such Offence shall have been committed. [further as to

Distiller discontinuing Ivor king, 47 G.3. sess. 2. 17. § 9.]

" Abatement of Duty to Distiller in case of Accident. § 52. [Re-

" pealed, and Provisions to prevent Accident, 48 3. 81. § 1.]

LIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Distiller Distiller to give shall intend to commence to brew or mash any Corn, such Dis- Notice to Offi-tiller shall, Four Hours at least before so commencing to mash any cers of every Corn, give Notice to the Officer in charge of the Distillery of such Mashing. Distiller, (by an Entry to be made in a Book to be provided by such Officer for such Distiller, and to be kept in such Distillery,) of the particular Flour and Time when such Distiller so intends to brew or mash any Corn, and the Number of Bushels of Corn, distinguishing whether malted or unmalted, or Meal, intended to be used in every such brewing or mashing, and also the Time when such brewing will be completed, and the Worts be off; and if such Distiller shall intend to make any second mashing of the same Materials, with any Addition thereto of any further Quantity of Corn, malted or unmalted, such Distiller shall give a like Notice; and such Book shall be carefully kept by such Distiller, and the said Entries being made therein, the said Book shall, within Forty eight Hours after the Expiration of every Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, be delivered by such Distiller to such Officer; and in case any Corn, malted or unmalted, shall be mashed or brewed in the Distillery of any Distiller, without such Notice being given by Entry to be made in such Book, all Worts, Wash and Pot Ale, brewed from such Corn, shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds. Penalty lol.

LIY. And be it further enacted, That every brewing of Worts, Wash to be Wash or Pot Ale, from Corn, shall be separately run off into or drawn off in placed on Coolers, and shall be therein gauged and measured by C°olers> and the proper Officer, within a reasonable Time~before the same shall ^s*ille<* in, t!1 be let into any fermenting Back; and that all Worts, Wash or Pot £1 ^reweff

Ale,

460

C. 88.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Penalty 101.

Each Brewing to be kept separate.

Penalty 201. No Allowance for Grouting.

Worts not to be heated after Fermentation.

Penalty 5001. Distiller not to have Corn Wash and

Ale, from Corn, shall be distilled in the Order in which the same was brewed; and that no newer Worts, Wash or Pot Ale, shall be distilled while there is any older Worts, Wash or Pot Ale on hand and not distilled; and that if any such Worts, Wash or Pot Ale shall be found in the Distillery of any Distiller which shall not have been so run oft' into, and placed in Coolers, and gauged accordingly, or which shall have been brewed longer than any such Worts, Wash or Pot Ale, as shall have been then actually distilled, or distilling, such Worts, Wash or Pot Ale, shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and such Distiller shall also forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

LV. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller shall put into nor keep in any Back, Cooler or other Vessel, which shall be capable of containing the full Charge of the Still, or (if there shall be more than One Still) of the largest Still in the Distillery of such Distiller, at any One Time, a smaller Quantity of Worts, Wash or Pot Ale, than the full Charge of some One Still in such Distillery; nor shall mix in any One such Back Two or more different Brewings of Worts, Wash or Pot Ale, or any Part thereof; nor shall put any Low Wines or Singlings-into any Vessel, until every other Vessel in such Distillery in which any Low Wines or Singlings shall have been previously put shall be completely filled with Low Wines or Singlings; and if any Back, Cooler or other Vessel in the Distillery of any Distiller shall be found containing any Worts, Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, contrary to the Regulations of this Act, such Distiller shall for every Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That no Allowance shall be made in the gauging or taking Account of the Contents of any Back, Vat or other Vessel, for or in respect of any Grouting or Ground Corn or Meal, or other Composition, Matter or Thing, added to the Worts, Wash or Pot Ale, in such Back, Vat or other Vessel, whilst such Worts, Wash or Pot Ale, are in the Course of Preparation for being distilled; any Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

" Wash shall be distilled within a limited Time. § 57.

and 18 Days allowed, 48 G.3. c. 81. § 8; and see 49 . 3. c. 99.

§ 30.]

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits shall boil, heat or prepare, by means of Fire, any Worts, Wash, Pot Ale or other Liquor, in any Copper, Vessel or other Utensil whatever other than a licensed Still, after such Worts, Wash, Pot Ale or other Liquor has been fermented; but that all Worts, Wash, Pot Ale, Liquor or other Materials shall, after Fermentation, be fairly put into a licensed Still or Stills, without having undergone boiling, heating or any Preparation by means of Fire, whereby the Process of Distillation may be shortened or accelerated, or attempted to be shortened or accelerated; on pain of forfeiting the Sum of Five hundred Pounds for every such Offence.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller, during the Time that such Distiller shall have any Worts, Wash or Pot Ale from Corn, on hand or undistilled, or until he has drawn off

21 and

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 88.

461

and distilled all Worts, Wash or Pot Ale from Corn, shall receive, Sugar Wash at have, keep or make use of any Melasses, Melasses Wash, Sugar same Time. Wash or Sweet Water, such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of One Penalty look hundred Pounds; and all Worts, Wash or Pot Ale from Corn, and &c. all Melasses, Melasses Wash, Sugar Wash or Sweet Water, which shall be found at One and the same Time in any Distillery, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

LX. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller shall, Distiller to give Twenty four Hours at the least before Receipt of any Quantity Notice of re-of decayed Wines, Melasses or Melasses Wash, Sugar Wash or ^ashg&cSar* Sweet Water, or any Wash not made of Corn, into the Distillery asl> c* of such Distiller, give Notice in Writing to the Surveyor or Gauger in Charge of such Distillery, of the particular Quantity and Kind of all such decayed Wines, Melasses or Wash not made of Cora, and of the Species thereof, and of the Time when such Distiller intends to receive the same; and if any decayed Wines or Melasses, or any Kind of Wash not made of Corn, shall be found in the Distillery of any Distiller, without such Notice having been so given as herein required, the same shall be forfeited, and may be seized or spilled by any Officer of Excise, and such Distiller shall forfeit Fifty Pounds. Penalty 501.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Pot Ale or Wash Distiller having in which there shall be any Mixture of Corn and Melasses, or any Mixture of Sugar, or of Corn Wash, and Melasses Wash, or Sugar Wash, or Corn and Sugar Sweet Water, shall be found in the Distillery of any Distiller, or in any Place adjoining thereto, or in the Possession of any such Distiller; or if any Spirits shall be found distilling or distilled from any such Mixture, such Distiller, as often as the same shall be so found, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and, Penalty look upon the Trial of any Information for the said Penalty, such Distiller shall be convicted, unless due Proof shall be made by such Conviction of Distiller that the Pot Ale or Wash in respect of which such In- Distiller, unformation shall be brought did not contain any Mixture of Corn less .Proof and Melasses or Sugar, or of Corn Wash and Melasses Wash, or mcn~ Sugar Wash or Sweet Water, or that the Spirits were not distilling 10ne’or distilled from any such Mixture, as the Case may be.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of Excise In what case shall find any Still at Work, and the Distiller, or any Person em- Contents of ployed by such Distiller, shall refuse to declare what such Still Still charged as then contains, it shall be lawful for such Officer of Excise to mgs' charge the Distiller as if such Still contained Singlings or Low Wines, and such Distiller shall pay the Duties by this Act chargeable accordingly.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Liquor shall be What con-declared as Feints, or taken as such, in any Distillery which shall sidered as be of a greater Strength than Eighty five per Centum under Proof; Feints, and how and that in case any Liquor declared as Feints shall be found of dlsPosed of* a greater Strength, the same shall be charged as Singlings or Low Wines; and that no Liquor called Feints shall be distilled or otherwise disposed of, than by being spilled, or by mixing the same with Pot Ale or Wash in the Presence of an Officer of Excise, at the Option of the Distiller; and that if any Decrease shall at Distiller any Time be found in the Quantity of such Feints more than is charged on De-justified by the Quantity so mixed with Wash or Pot Ale, or so crease found.

spilled

462

C. 88.

4*6° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Stock of Distiller shown and declared to Officer on Demand.

Penalty 1001.

Stock found not having been shewn.

[Penalty.]

Mode of declaring Stock of Spirits.

Penalty 20l.

Casks found not full.

Penalty 101. Officer to make a Weekly Return on Distiller, who shall pay Duty accordingly.

spilled as aforesaid in the Presence of an Officer, such Distiller shall be charged for a Quantity of Spirits in Proportion of One Gallon of Spirits to Three Gallons of such Decrease of Quantity in such Feints.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That as often as any Officer of Excise shall have entered into the Distillery, Warehouse, Store or any other Place belonging to any Distiller, such Distiller, or some Person employed on behalf of such Distiller shall, on Demand of any such Officer, show or cause to be shown to such Officer all the Stock on Hand of Wash, Pot Ale, Singlings or Low Wines and Spirits, belonging to such Distiller, and shall give or cause to be given to such Officer a Declaration of the same; that is to say, that the Stock so shown is all the Stock of Wash, Pot Ale, Singlings or Low Wines and Spirits of or belonging to such Distiller; and if such Distiller, or some Person on his Behalf, shall not, on Demand made by any such Officer, forthwith show or cause to be shown such Stock, or make such Declaration as aforesaid, or if such Distiller, or any Person showing such Stock or making such Declaration, shall make any false or untrue Declaration of such Stock, such Distiller shall for every such Offence forfeit One hundred Pounds; and if any Officer or Officers of Excise shall upon Search discover any Wash, Pot Ale, Singlings or Low Wines or Spirits, in any Distillery, or in any other Place belonging to any Distiller, which shall not have been duly shown or declared, or which shall be in any Place or Store belonging to such Distiller, not registered under this Act, then all such Wash, Pot Ale, Singlings or Low Wines or Spirits, shall be forfeited, and such Distiller or Distillers shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Gallon of Spirits, and for every Nine Gallons of Wash or Pot Ale, and for every Three Gallons of Singlings or Low Wines so found and discovered.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller, or Servant or Person in the Employment of such Distiller, who shall show the Stock of such Distiller to any Officer of Excise, shall count all the Casks of Spirits, and declare the Number thereof to such Officer taking an Account of the same; and in case such Distiller, Servant or other Person, shall refuse or neglect so to do, such Distiller shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if after such Declaration as aforesaid any of the Casks which shall have been declared to contain Spirits shall be found to be empty, or to contain any other Liquor or Thing save only Spirits, or if more Casks than One shall be found not to be full, or if a greater Number of Casks shall be found than have been so declared, every such Cask, and the Contents thereof, shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and such Distiller shall forfeit for every Cask so found, not corresponding with such Declaration, the Sum of Ten Pounds.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyor or Gauger in Charge of the Distillery of any Distiller, or any other Officer of Excise appointed or authorized so to do, shall, once in a Week, on or after the Tuesday in every Week, make a Return or Report in Writing to the Collector of the District in which such Distillery is situate, or to such Person or Persons as the Commissioners of Excise shall appoint to receive the same, of the Quantity of Spirits

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 88.

463

for which such Distiller is under this Act chargeable with Duty,

and of the Duty thereon, for the Week commencing on the

Monday next but one preceding such Tuesday; and every such

Officer shall, and he is hereby required, to leave a true Copy of

such Return in Writing under his Hand, with every such Distiller,

or at such Distillery, upon pain of forfeiting Twenty Pounds for Penalty 201.

every Neglect or Omission in so doing, and such Return or Report

of such Officer shall be a Charge upon every such Distiller for

such Week; and such Distiller shall pay the Duty appearing by Not paying

such Return to have become due and payable, within Six Days Duty.

from the last Day of the Week, for which such Return shall be

made and Duty charged, or shall for every Default forfeit Twenty Penalty 201.

Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Duty so returned &c,

and charged.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller shall, Distillers to under the proper Hand of such Distiller, or under the Hand of make Entries some Person for whom such Distiller shall be responsible, once in them- an<* a Week, on or after the Tuesday in every Week, at the Excise ies

Office of the District in which the Distillery of such Distiller shall be situate, make true Entry of the Quantity of Spirits for which such Distiller is under this Act chargeable with Duty for the Week commencing on the Monday next but one preceding such Tuesday, and shall, at the Time of making such Entry, pay and clear off the whole of the Duty payable for such Quantity of Spirits, upon pain of forfeiting Twenty Pounds for every Omission, Penalty 201. Neglect or Default of such Entry or Payment, together with a &c.

Sum equal to Double the Duty which such Distiller shall by Law be chargeable with for such Week.

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever In case of Disit shall happen that any Distiller shall have discontinued working continuance, on a Monday, under any of the Provisions in this Act contained, ReP01 *

the Weekly Report or Return of the Officer and the Weekly Entry i^u^ay of the Distiller to be made under this Act, on or after the Tuesday Discontin-next succeeding such Monday, shall contain the Quantity of uance.

Spirits for which such Distiller is chargeable with Duty, on and from the Monday next but one preceding such Return or Entry, until and upon the Monday of such Discontinuance, including both the said Days; and the Duty shall be charged and paid on such Quantity of Spirits accordingly, in like Manner as any Duty under any other Weekly Return, Report or Entry, is by this Act directed to be charged and paid.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That as often as any Dispute in case of or Difference shall arise between any Officer of Excise and any Dispute, Offi-Distiller, touching the Amount of Duty charged by the Return cer to verify of such Officer upon such Distiller, for or in respect of any Quan- jrn by tity of Spirits pursuant to this Act, such Officer shall verify, by aYlt* Affidavit made before the Collector of the District, or some Justice of the Peace, that the Return made by him is true and fair, according to the best of his Skill and Knowdedge, and thereupon such Return shall be a Charge upon the Distiller disputing the same:Provided always, that no Distiller shall be allowed to con- Distiller dis-trovert or dispute any Return or Charge of Duty by any Officer, PutinS such unless such Distiller shall have made a regular Weekly Return of CharSe* the Quantity of Spirits by him distilled, and paid the Duty chargeable

464-

46° GEO. III.

For amending Errors in Officers’ Returns, and relieving or surcharging Distillers accordingly.

Distiller not paying Surcharge.

Penalty 101. &c.

[Proviso.]

Payment by Distiller of his own Calculation, no Exemption from Officer’s Return.

c. as.

A.D. 18OG.

able on the same, and shall in such his Weekly Return have made his Objection to the Return or Charge of such Officer.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Officer of Excise shall at any Time have committed any Error in any Return to be made by him under this Act, by including or charging in such Return a greater or less Quantity of Spirits, or a greater or less Amount of Duty than ought to have been returned or charged by him against any Distiller according to the Directions of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, or for the Surveyor or other Examinator of the Accounts of such Officer, and they are hereby respectively required, to rectify the same as speedily as may be convenient, within Six Months after such Return shall have been made, and to report the same to the said Commissioners of Excise; and if it shall appear that the Quantity of Spirits, and the Amount of Duty charged in any such Return against any Distiller, was greater than the same ought to have been, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise, and they are hereby required, to make an Allowance forthwith to such Distiller of the Amount of Duty so overcharged; and if it shall appear that the Quantity of Spirits, and the Amount of Duty charged in any such Return against any Distiller, was less than the same ought to have been, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise, and they are hereby required to give Notice to such Distiller of the Amount of the Deficiency of the Duty in consequence of such erroneous Return; and if such Distiller shall not, within One Month after such Notice, show sufficient Cause to such Commissioners of Excise why he should not be charged with and pay such Deficiency, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise to order a Return to be made to the Collector of the District in which such Distiller shall reside, of the Amount of such Deficiency; and the Duty specified in such Return shall be a Surcharge on such Distiller; and if such Distiller shall not, upon Demand, or within Ten Days next after, pay the full Amount of such Duty so surcharged, or such Part thereof as shall be established by the said Commissioners, such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, and a Sum equal to Double the Amount of Duty which shall be so returned and surcharged; provided that no such Return shall be a Surcharge on any Distiller, unless it shall have been made, and the Amount thereof demanded, within Nine Months after the Date of the original Return.

LXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Payment by any Distiller of any Sum of Money less than the Amount of Duty returned, or to be returned, by any Officer of Excise to be payable by such Distiller, shall not exempt such Distiller from the Payment of the Difference between the Amount of Duty so returned by such Officer, and the Sum so paid by such Distiller; and that if such Distiller shall not pay such Difference within Seven Days next after such Return of such Officer, such Distiller shall for every such Default forfeit Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to. Double the Difference between the Amount of Duty so returned by such Officer, and the Sum so paid by such

Distiller. twit a J

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 88.

465

LXXII. And be it farther enacted, That in every Case where Decrease of the Stock of Spirits in the Stores or Possession of any Distiller, Stock of Dis-Factor or other Person dealing in or storing Spirits in, not tillers, &c.

being licensed to sell Spirits by Retail, shall be iess than the Quantity of Spirits which, by the Stock Account kept by the Officer of Excise, ought to be in the Stores or Possession of such Distiller, Factor or other Person, every such Distiller, Factor or other Person, for every Time such Decrease shall appear, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Gallon of Spirits which Penalty, shall be so deficient.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in the Distillery of Minute Books every Distiller there shall be safely kept such Minute Books as to Je delivered shall be delivered to such Distiller by the Surveyor or Gauger in ^-sti^ineaci Charge of such Distillery, in which Books such Officers shall from time to time make true Entries of the Times when they shall respectively visit such Distillery, and of all such other Particulars relative to the State and Condition of such Distillery, as such Officers shall find necessary and expedient, or as shall be directed by any superior Officer; - and such Distiller shall, within Three Days after the Twenty fifth Day of December, the Twenty fifth Day of March, the Twenty fourth Day of June, and the Twenty ninth Day of September respectively in every Year, deliver such Books to the Surveyor of Excise then in Charge of such Distillery;

nd in case any Distiller to whom such Book shall be tendered by any Officer of Excise shall refuse to receive the same, or having received the same, shall wilfully tear, deface, obliterate or alter such Book, or any Entry therein, or cause the same to be torn, defaced, obliterated or altered, or shall make or cause to be made any Entry therein, or in case such Distiller, or any Person employed in such Distillery, shall at any Time, when required by any Officer of Excise, neglect or refuse to produce such Book, or shall neglect to deliver such Book at the Times aforesaid, to the Surveyor of Excise, such Distiller shall for every such Offence Penalty sool, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller shall Sending out send out any Spirits in any less Quantity than Thirty Gallons, or Spirits unduly, without being accompanied by a legal Permit, or if any Spirits shall be delivered or carried out. of any Distillery between Sunset and Sunrise, without Notice first given to the Officer of Excise, who shall from time to time be in Charge of the Distillery of such Distiller, to the Intent that such Officer may be present to gauge such Spirits, every such Distiller shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds; and all such Spirits, and the Penalty 101. Casks or Vessels containing the same, shall be forfeited, and shall &c-and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Collector em-Duties payable under this Act by any Distiller shall be unpaid at powered to the Time when such Duties are by this Act made due and pay- distrain for able, it shall be lawful for the Collector of Excise of the District Duties* in which the Distillery of such Distiller shall be situate, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to empower any Person or Persons to take and distrain all Spirits, and all Stills, Still Heads and Worms, and all Coppers and other Vessels and Utensils for distilling used in any such Distillery, and all Malt, Corn and other 46 Geo. III. H h Materials

4, 63 <4E0. III. A.D. 1806.

466;

Distress sold.

[Proviso.]

Utensils in Distillery to remain liable to Payment of Duties and Penalties.

Bounty

payable

monthly.

Bounty payable according to least Still used.

Braziers to take out annual Licences,

C. 88.

Materials for distilling, and to cause the same to be sold by public Auction; and if after the Payment of all Duties and Arrears of Duties due from such Distiller, together with the Costs and Expences of such taking and distraining, there shall be any Surplus of the Produce arising from the Sale thereof, such Surplus shall be forthwith tendered and paid to such Distiller or his Representatives:Provided always, that when any Spirits shall be so taken and distrained, it shall and may be lawful for such Distiller or his Representatives, at any Time or Times before the Day appointed for the Sale thereof, to obtain Permits for conveying all or any Part of such Spirits, upon his or their paying to the Collector, towards discharging the Duties so due and payable, the real V<alue of such Spirits as he or they shall desire to remove; and the same may be removed accordingly, and a proper Permit or proper Permits shall, on due Application, be given for the same, in like Manner as if no such Distress had been made.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Stills, Still Heads and Worms, and all Coppers and other Vessels and Utensils for distilling, having been used in any Distillery, by what Title or Conveyance soever the same shall be claimed, or into whose Hands soever the same shall afterwards come, shall be liable and subject to, and are hereby charged with all Debts due to the Crown, and Duties of Excise, which shall be in Arrear and owing by any Person for any Spirits distilled or made within such Distillery, and shall also be subject to the Payment of all such Penalties as shall have been incurred by any Person who shall have occupied or used such Distillery, for any Offence against this Act; and it shall be lawful in all Cases to levy such Debts, Duties, Penalties and Forfeitures, by Distress and Sale of such Utensils, as it would be lawful to do in case the Person owing such Debts and Duties, or incurring such Penalties and Forfeitures, was at the Time the real Proprietor of such Utensils.

" Bounties to Distillers using large Stills; viz. 16 Cent, for " Stills of 1500 Gallons, and 8 per Cent, for Stills of 1000 Gallon's. "§ 77. [Repealed, 50 G. 3. c 15. § 5.]

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That such Bounty shall be from time to time paid by such Collector on the Amount of Duties actually paid by such Distiller, for a Period of Four Weeks preceding; and such Bounty shall be received and receivable by such Distiller, on or before Payment by him of Duty for the Week next succeeding every such Four Weeks, if such Distiller shall demand the same; and such Collector shall keep a separate Account of all Bounties so paid, and such Distiller shall conform to such Regulations, with respect to such Bounty, as the Commissioners of Excise for the time being shall direct and appoint.

LXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Distiller shall have or make use of more than One Still, such Distiller shall be allowed a Bounty on the whole Amount of the Duties paid by such Distiller, after the Rate payable in respect of the Still of the smallest Size.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That every Brazier or Worker in Brass, Copper, Tin or Metal of any Kind, in,

before he shall make any Still, Still Head or Worm, shall take out

a Li-

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 88.

467

a Licence from the said Commissioners of Inland Excise in land, to follow the Business of making and repairing Stills, expressing his Name and Place of Abode upon Paper or Parchment, signed by One Commissioner, and stamped according to Law, to be in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March next following the Issue thereof, and shall annually take out a similar Licence on every Twenty fifth Day of March, so long as he shall continue to follow such his Trade; and if any such Brazier or Worker shall make at any Time or in any Place, or repair any Still, Still Head or Worm, without having obtained such Licence, he or she shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and all Tools, Utensils Penalty lool. for working Metals, Tin or Copper Plates, Stills, Still Heads or &c *

Worms, and all Pieces thereof, or Preparations for making the same, which shall be found in his or her Possession, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

LXXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such Security to be Licence shall be granted to any Person until he shall enter into a given, and Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in the Sum of Returns made Two hundred Pounds, with Two sufficient Sureties in the Sum of herein^en- One hundred Pounds each, conditioned that he will from time to tioned. time make a true Return, verified by Affidavit, to the nearest Officer of Excise, of the Name and Place of Abode of every Person for whom he shall make or repair any Still, Still Head or Worm, together with the Number of Gallons each such Still shall contain, Twent}/- four Hours at the least after making or repairing the same, and before he shall suffer the same to be taken or delivered out of his Plouse, Shop or Place of Work; and that he shall also, within Three Days after the End of each Quarter of a Year, from the Quarter Day next following after the Commencement of his Licence, make a Return to the Collector of the District wherein he shall work of the whole Number of Stills, Still Heads and Worms, made or repaired by him in the preceding Quarter of a Year, with the Name and Place of Abode of every Person for whom he shall have made or repaired the same, and the Number of Gallons each such Still so made or repaired shall contain, or that he has not made or repaired any Still, Still Head or Worm, in the Course of the preceding Quarter of a Year.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Brazier or Brazier to other Person making any Still whatsoever, shall, before disposing 6tamP Name, of the same, stamp on the Breast of such Still, over that Part Date, Contents, thereof where the Cock of such Still shall be placed, and also on Heads S the Head of such Still respectively, the Name and Place of Residence of such Maker, and also the Name and Place of Residence of the Person to whom the same shall be disposed of, at full Length, in Roman Letters, and the Year of our Lord in which such Still shall be disposed of, in Figures, and the Number of the Gallons also in Figures which such Sti.ll and Head respectively shall be capable of containing, such Letters and Figures to be sunk in the Metal of such Still, and not less than Half an Inch long, under pain of forfeiting for every Default therein the Sum Penalty lol. of Ten Pounds; and if any such Still shall afterwards be enlarged, the Brazier or Person enlarging the same shall in like Manner Enlarging Still stamp the Number of Gallons such Still or Still Head respectively afterwards.

H h 2 shall

C. 88.

4 6° GEO. III.

468

A.D. 1806.

Penalty 101.

Having Stills of undue Proportions.

Penalty 1001.

Still not to be conveyed without Permit.

Penalty 101.

Permit delivered up to Officer, and Certificate thereof.

Still forfeited.

Unlicensed Persons having Stills, Spirits or Wash in their Possession.

Penalties.

shall be capable of containing after such Enlargement thereof, under a like Penalty of Ten Pounds.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Brazier or other Person dealing in Brass, Copper, Tin or other Metal, shall make or have in his or her Possession, and if any Distiller shall have, keep or make use of any Still, the Proportion of the Diameters and Altitude whereof shall be contrary to this Act, every such Still shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of Excise, and the Person or Persons making, keeping or using the same, or having the same in his or her Possession, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

" Braziers having Stills less than 500 Gallons without Licence, " Penalty 20L — § 84. [Repealed, 50 G. 3. c. 99. § 6.]

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Brazier or Manufacturer of Metal, or other Person, in Ireland, shall send or convey any Still, Still Head or Worm to any Person whomsoever, unless a Permit granted by an Officer of Excise for the Removal of such Still, Still Head or Worm shall have been obtained by such Brazier, Manufacturer or other Person and such Permit shall contain in the Body thereof the Name of the Brazier or Manufacturer thereof, or other Person sending the same, and of the Person or Persons to whom, and the Place to which such Still, Still Head or Worm is intended to be sent, and also the Content in Gallons of such Still and the Head thereof respectively; and every such Still, Still Head and Worm which shall be found conveying or conveyed, and for the Conveyance of which such Permit shall not be produced, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Person whatever, and the Brazier, Manufacturer or other Person sending or conveying the same, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Person to whom any such Still shall be conveyed shall, within Forty eight Hours after the Arrival of such Still, deliver up the Permit under which such Still shall have been conveyed to the proper Officer of the Walk in which such Person shall reside, and such Officer shall thereupon grant a Certificate to such Person in lieu of such Permit; and if any such Still shall be found in the Possession of any Person after the Expiration of Forty eight Hours from the Arrival thereof, without such Certificate, such Still shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Still, Still Head or Worm, or other Utensil for distilling of Spirits, shall be found in the Possession of any Person, not being a Brazier, or not being duly licensed to have or keep the same, and in case any Spirits exceeding the Quantity of Four Gallons, (except such Spirits for which a Permit or Certificate shall be produced,) or any Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings shall be found in the Possession of any Person not duly licensed under this Act, such Person shall for every such Still, Still Head, Worm or other Utensil for distilling of Spirits, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and for every Gallon of such Spirits, and for every Ten Gallons of such Wash or Pot Ale, and for every Three Gallons of such Low Wines or Singlings, the Sum of Twenty Shillings; and all such Stills, Still Heads, Worms or other Utensils, and all Spirits, Wash, Pot

A. £>.1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 88.

469

Ale, Low Wines and Singlings so found, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall Concealing harbour, keep or conceal, or shall knowingly permit to be har- Spirits, boured, kept or concealed, or shall give an}' Aid or Assistance or Reward, to any Person or Persons to harbour, keep or conceal any Spirits, Low Wines, Singlings, Wash or Pot Ale, which shall have been unlawfully made or distilled, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Penalty 51. &c. Pounds; and all such Spirits, Low Wines, Singlings, Wash and Pot Ale shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person in Unlicensed Ireland shall make use of any Still, Still Head or Worm for distil- Distillers using ling, shall make or distil any Low Wines, Singlings or Spirits, &c *

or shall brew, make or ferment any Wort, Wash or Pot Ale, wherewith, and with the Intent to distil Low Wines, Singlings or Spirits, without having a Licence in force pursuant to Law for distilling, every such Person shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Misdemeanor; and it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace Misdemeanor, residing near to the Place where such Offence shall be committed, on Information on Oath of any such Offence, to issue his Warrant for the Apprehension of such Person, and on Examination into the Complaint, to commit such Person to Gaol, there to remain until delivered by due Course of Law; and in case any Indictment shall be found against such Person, he or she shall plead thereto, without having Time to traverse the same; and it shall be lawful for the Court, by and before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, to inflict such Punishment on such Person for the First Offence as may by Law be inflicted on Persons guilty of Misdemeanors; and for the Second Offence to sentence such Person, so Second Offence, convicted, to be transported for the Term of Seven Years. [As transportation to Amount and Disposal of Fine laid upon, upon such - forSeven Years.

motion, see 48 G.3. c. 81. § 15.]

" Oi\ Information to a Justice of Peace of any unlicensed Still, u he shall return the same to the next Assizes, where the Fact <£ shall be tried, and a Fine of 50/. imposed on the Parish in which " the Still is found or used. — Application of Penalty, §90.

" For reimbursing to Inhabitants of Parishes, &c. the Fine inflicted for unlawful Stills. § 91. Collusively bringing un-

" licensed Stills into Parishes, Penalty, 10/. &c. § 92. [Sections " 90 — 92. repealed 47 G. 3. sess.2. c. 17. §11-] Distillers

" may warehouse Spirits within Ireland, under Regulations. § 93.

" Distiller to give Notice to Officers and Storekeeper of the Time " he intends to warehouse any Spirits. § 94. Officer to attend " at Distiller’s Stores during Removal. — Not delivering Spirits " pursuant to Permit, Penalty. § 95. On warehousing Spirits,

" Storekeeper shall give Distiller a Receipt for the same. $ 96.

" Distiller to deliver such Receipt to Officer, who shall then deduct Spirits so warehoused from Distiller’s Stock, and charge " Remainder only with Duty, § 97* Spirits warehoused not

" to be taken out but under this Act. § 98. Taking Spirits

" out of Warehouse for Exportation. § 99. Before Spirits

" delivered for Exportation, Bond given to export to Port speci-

H h 3 " fled.

470

C. 88.

4 6° GEO. III.

No Drawback paid on Spirits not warehoused, entered for Exportation to Great Britain, except on Proof of Payment of Duty, without Allowance, or such Allowance shall be refunded.

Form of Entry of Spirits for Exportation to Great Britain, not having been warehoused.

A.D. 1806.

1 fied. §100. On Production of Certificate that Bond has

‘ been given, so much Spirits as shall be mentioned therein de-!< livered with a Permit to Officer attending shipping of Spirits for , £ Exportation. §101. How Spirits may be taken out for

" Home Consumption. § 102. Warehoused Spirits may be a removed to Ports. § 103. Warehouses may be visited by

* Proprietors. § 104. If Spirits are not exported within Four " Months, &c. they may be sold for Payment of Duties. § 105. " Drawback in lieu of Malt Duty, 10c/. § 106.

[§93 — 106. containing Regulations as to Warehousing Spirits for Exportation repealed, 52 G. 3. c. 30. § 15.]

CVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Spirits made or distilled from Corn in Ireland, which shall not have been warehoused in One of His Majesty's Warehouses under the Provisions of this Act, shall be entered for Exportation to no

Drawback shall be paid, or Debenture made out for paying the same, unless due Proof shall be first made by due Course of Permits, tracing such identical Spirits from the original Distillery to the Port or Place of Exportation, and by suph other Evidence as shall be required, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Customs, or any Three of them, that each and every Gallon for which such Drawback shall be claimed has paid the full Duties due and payable thereon, by any Law in force in without any

Allowance out of or on Payment of such Duties, and that the Distiller of such Spirits has not received any Allowance or Bounty on account of the Size or Contents of any Still or Stills used by such Distiller; or unless all such Allowances or Bounties as may have been allowed to or received by such Distiller in respect of the Amount of the Duty on such Spirits, on account of the Size or Contents of any such Still or Stills, shall be refunded or repaid to or for the Use of His Majesty, in such Manner as such Commissioners of Customs may from time to time order and direct in that Behalf; and if such Allowance or Bounty shall not be refunded and repaid on Exportation to Great Britain, such Allowance or Bounty shall be deemed a Part Payment in Advance of the Drawback payable by Law, and the remaining Part only of such Drawback shall be paid on such Export; any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, or any Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any such Spirits which shall not have been warehoused under this Act shall be entered for Exportation to Great Britain, the Person entering such Spirits for Exportation shall state or cause to be stated in the Entry thereof, whether any Allowance has been made out of or on Payment of the Duties payable on such Spirits, or any Bounty claimed or paid in respect thereof, on account of the Size or Contents of the Still or Stills used by the Distiller of such Spirits or on any other Account, or under any other Pretext whatsoever, and the Amount of such Allowance or Bounty; and if such Person shall neglect so to do, or shall make any false or untrue Statement with respect to any such Allowance or Bounty, all Spirits so entered for Exportation shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise, and the Person entering

471

A.D. 1806. 4)6° GEO. III. C. 88.

tering the same for Exportation shall also forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Fines Recovery and Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act, shall be paid and Application of recovered in British Currency, and shall and may be sued for and recovered, levied and applied in such Manner and Form, and by 8. (I)

such Ways and Means, and with such Powers and Authorities as are prescribed, directed and appointed, in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the settling of the Excise or new Impost upon His, His

Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein,

or in and by any Act passed, or to be passed, in this present Session of Parliament, to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in,

or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the said Revenues, Matters and Things, or either of them, as fully and effectually, to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes, as if the same were particularly mentioned and expressed, and re-enacted in this Act; with like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party and Parties who shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said Acts, or any of them, is provided and enacted.

CX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may Penalties under be lawful to and for any One Justice of the Peace within his Ju- lo1* may be risdiction, where any Pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture not exceed- ^for^Chie ing Ten Pounds shall be incurred under this Act, to hear and justice within determine the same, and to convict the Party offending on his or Three Months, her own Confession, or on the Oath of any One credible Witness; and in all such Cases, One Moiety of the Penalty or Forfeiture shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish in which the Offence shall have been committed, or the Conviction made, at the Discretion of the Justice; and such Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized and required, upon Information made on Oath in that Behalf, within Three Months after the Offence committed, to summon the Party accused, and also the Witness or Witnesses upon either Side, and if upon Confession of the Party accused, or Examination of any Witness or Witnesses on Oath, which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer, such Party shall be convicted of the Offence alleged against him, then it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby required to award and issue out a Warrant under his Hand and Seal to any Constable of the County, for levying the Penalty or Forfeiture incurred on the Goods of the Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof, in case the same shall not be redeemed within Six Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus (if any) , after deducting the Expence of such Sale; and for want of sufficient Distress, it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is required to commit such Offender to Gaol for any Time not exceeding Three Months, or until such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be paid; and if Appeal to any Person shall find himself or herself aggrieved by the Judg- Quarter ment of the said Justice, then such Person shall and may complain Sessions *

H h 4 ‘ or

472

C. 88.

Penalties above 101. may be recovered by Action.

Proceedings of Justices not removeable by Certiorari.

Magistrates

neglecting

Duty.

Penalty 501.

43 G.3- c. 98. repealed.

[Commencement of Act.]

46" GEO. III. A.D. lS06r

or appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions for the County, and such Justices are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the Complaint or Appeal; and in case the Conviction of the Party shall be affirmed, such Justices shall issue their Warrants for levying the Penalty and Forfeiture as aforesaid, and also for levying on the Goods of the Appellants such Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, as the said Justices shall appoint, for the Costs of such Appeal, to be paid to the Informer: And where any such pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds, the same may be sued for and recovered by any Person who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, or by Civil Bill, in any of the Courts of Record in Dublin, or at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or at the Assizes of any County or County of a Town or City in and it shall be lawful for the Court before whom any such Penalty shall be recovered to order the Offender to be committed to Gaol, there to remain for any Time, in the Discretion of such Court* or until such Fine or Forfeiture be fully paid and satisfied.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That no Conviction made or alleged to be made by any Justice of the Peace, nor any Proceed ing before such Justice, or before any Justices of the Peace at the Quarter Sessions, nor any Sentence or Order given or made, or alleged to be given or made by any such Justice or Justices, under or by virtue of this Act, shall be removed by Writ of Certiorari out of the County, City, Town or Place wherein such Conviction or Proceeding shall have been had or made, into any Court whatsoever; and that no Writ of Certiorari shall supersede Execution or other Proceedings upon such Conviction, Order or Sentence so made or given in pursuance of this Act, but that Execution and other Proceedings shall be had and made thereupon, any such Writ of Certiorari or Allowance thereof notwithstanding.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, in Ireland, who shall neglect or refuse in any Instance to carry this Act into Execution, upon a proper Application made to him, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds British Cur-rencjr, for every such Neglect or Refusal, to be recovered by Action, Bill, Plaint or Information in any Court of Record in by the Person who shall have made such Application, in which no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; the Money recovered by such Action to be applied as to One Half thereof, to the Use of the Person suing for the same, and the other Half to be paid to the Minister, Rector or Churchwarden of the Parish wherein such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate shall reside, for the Use of the Poor therein.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend the Acts notu in force for securing the Collection of the Revenue upon Malt, and for regulating the Trade of a Distiller in Ireland, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect upon and from the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and six.

[Amended, 47 G. 3. sess.2. c. 17* Regulations of this Act applied to 50 G. 3. c. 15. See$4. that . — Duties 52 G. 3.

c. 46.

A.D. 806. 46° GEO. III. C. 88, 89. 4<73

c. 46. upon Spirits charged as by this Act. See § 8.

Act. — This Act not to extend to Distillers under 52 G. 3. c. 48.

See§1. of that Act.']

CAP. Lxxxrx.

An Act for consolidating and rendering more effectual the several Acts for the Purchase of Buildings and further Improvement of the Streets and Places near to Westminster Hall, and the Two Houses of Parliament.

[16th

WHEREAS divers Provisions and Regulations have from ‘ time to time been made by various Acts of Parliament for ‘ the Security of Westminster Hall, and the Courts of Justice there, and for the Accommodation of the Two Houses of Parliament, and for making convenient Ways, Streets and Passages to and from the same, and for rendering such Ways, Streets and Passages open and commodious, and for preventing and abating

* Nuisances and Annoyances, and for preserving the Beauty and Uniformity of the Buildings therein, which Provisions and Re-

* gulations have not yet been fully executed: And Whereas it is expedient that Commissioners should be appointed to carry into effect all such Plans as may be found necessary for completing the Purposes aforesaid Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Commissioners the Speaker of the House of Commons, the Lord Chief Baron of appointed the Exchequer at i Westminster, the Dean of the Collegiate Church execute this of Saint Peter of Westminster, the High Steward of Westminster ^ct '

and the Clerk of the Parliaments, all for the time being, and also such Four other Persons as His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors shall from time to time appoint, by Warrant under His or their Sign Manual for that Purpose, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for executing this Act, and the said Commissioners shall be, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to carry into Execution this Act, and to do all such Acts,

Matters and Things under the Regulations of this Act, for the Security and Accommodation of the Two Blouses of Parliament,

Westminster Hall, the Courts of Exchequer and the other Courts of Justice there, and the several Offices belonging thereto, and for improving the Access and Approaches to the same, and the immediate Vicinity thereof respectively, as the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, (whereof the Speaker of the Blouse of Commons, the Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer, or any One of the Commissioners so to be appointed by His Majesty, Blis Heirs or Successors for the time being, shall always be one,) shall think requisite and necessary; any Act or Acts of Parliament heretofore made or in force at the Time of the passing of this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Ground, Buildings, Ground and Houses and Premises purchased by the Commissioners named in Premises pur-an Act, made in the Forty first Year of His present Majesty's cha?IGd uJelL Reign, intituled An Act to enable Commissioners ' '

Buildings

474

C. 89.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

44 G.3. c. 61.

45 G.3. c. 115. to remain vested in His Majesty.

Powers of recited Acts vested in certain^ Commissioners shall cease.

Commissioners under this Act empowered to purchase all Ground and Premises in the Streets and Places described in the recited Acts, which shall not have been so purchased; and also the Ground and Premises in the Streets and Places herein described;

Buildings for the Accommodation of the Two

and also all Ground, Buildings, Houses and Premises purchased by the Special Commissioners named in an Act, made in the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend Two Acts, made in the Eighteenth and Thirty ninth Years of His present Majesty, for the erecting a Court House for the holding of Sessions of the Peace City of Westminster;

and for purchasing certain Buildings and Ground between Saint Margaret Street, Union Street, and King Street, in the said, for the Use of the Public; and also all Ground, Buildings, Houses and Premises purchased by the said Special Commissioners, under or by virtue of an Act, made in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A certain

Buildings and Ground in and near Palace Yard, Westminster, for the Use of the Public, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be and remain vested in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the Purposes of this present Act; and that all Powers and Authorities given to or vested in the Commissioners named in the said recited Act of the Forty first Year aforesaid by the said Act, or given to or vested in the Special Commissioners named in the said recited Act of the Forty fourth Year aforesaid, by the said recited Acts of the Forty fourth Year and Forty fifth Year, or either of them, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, cease and determine, except as to any thing or things done or contracted to be done by virtue thereof, and before the passing of this Act; any thing in the said recited Acts, or either of them, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners appointed and to be appointed for executing this Act, or any Three of them, (whereof the Speaker of the House of Commons, the Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer, or any One of the Commissioners to be appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, under this Act, for the time being, shall always be one,) and they are hereby authorized and empowered to purchase all Ground, Buildings, Houses and Premises whatever, situate within any of the Streets or Places described in the said hereinbefore recited Acts of the Forty first Year, Forty fourth Year and Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or either of them, which the Commissioners under any of the said recited Acts were empowered to purchase for the Use of His Majesty, and which shall not have been so purchased before the passing of this Act; and the said Commissioners, for the Execution of this Act, (or any such Three of them as aforesaid,) are hereby also authorized and empowered to purchase all such Ground, Buildings, Houses and Premises, as the said Commissioners shall think necessary, lying and being in any of the Streets or Places following; (that is to say,) on the North Side of Union, and at the Back of the same on the South Side of Bridge, and between Union

Street and Bridge Street, fronting East on Parliament and

West on King Street; and also all Ground, Buildings, Houses and Premises, fronting East on King from the South East

Corner of Great George Street, to the South End of King Street, or fronting South on the Broad Sanctuary and Saint Margaret’s Church Yard, from the South End of Street to the South

East

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 89.

475

East Corner of the New Court House, for the holding of Sessions of the Peace for the City of Westminster, or fronting West on the Little Sanctuary, the said New Court House, or Little George

Street, or adjoining North on the Back of the Houses and Premises in Great George Street, Little George Street and King Street; and also all Ground, Buildings, Houses and Premises whatever, situate to the West of King Street, the North of Saint Church

Yard, the East of the said New Court House and Little George Street, or the South of Great George S, within the Limits before described; and also all Ground, Buildings, Houses and Premises whatever, situate between the Broad Sanctuary on the South, Bovo Street on the North, Green Alley on the East, and Tothill Street and Princes Street on the West; and also all Ground,

Buildings, Houses and Premises between Love Lane and the Broad Sanctuary; and also all other Ground, Buildings, Houses and Premises whatever, adjoining to and next surrounding Westminster Hall, or the Two Plouses of Parliament, or either of them, and the Courts of Justice in Westminster, and the Courts of Exchequer, or either of them; and the said Commissioners for and with Con-the Execution of this Act, or any such Three of them as aforesaid, sent of Trea-are hereby also authorized and empowered, by and with the Con- s£ry may. piT" sent and Approbation, in Writing, of the Lord High Treasurer of p^iseVas Great Britain, or of the Commissioners for executing the said they think fit. Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of them, to purchase all such other Ground, Buildings, Houses and Premises whatever, as the Commissioners for executing this Act may by and with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid think necessary to be purchased and employed for the Purposes of this Act; and all Premises when such Ground, Buildings, Houses and Premises whatever, which so purchased shall be purchased under or by virtue of this Act shall, when so to vest in His purchased, be vested in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, Majesty, for and shall be taken Possession of by the Surveyor General of the thfs Ac?°SeS Crown Lands, and shall be employed for the Purposes of this Act, according to the Directions of the Commissioners for executing this Act, under the Regulations in this Act mentioned and contained.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may Commissioners be lawful for the Commissioners for executing this Act, or any may direct or Three of them, (whereof the Speaker of the House of Commons, contract for the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, or any One of *

the Commissioners so to be appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs and oiSdis- or Successors, for the time being, shall always be One,) from time posing of the to time to direct or contract for the taking down any Houses or Materials. Buildings purchased or to be purchased under the said recited Acts of the Fort}' fourth and Forty fifth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, or under this Act, and for the selling and disposing of the Materials of all such Houses and Buildings; and all such Materials, and the Money arising from the Sale thereof, shall be and are hereby vested in the said Commissioners for executing this Act, and all such Money (after paying and deducting the necessary Expences of pulling down such Houses and Buildings, and of the Sale of the Materials thereof,) shall and may be disposed of and Applied under the Direction of the said Commissioners (or Money arising any such Three of them as aforesaid) in laying out or paving the from the Sale Ground on which such Houses or Buildings were erected, or in oJ? Materials to

paving

476

C. 89.

46" GEO. III.

A.D. 1806.

be applied in paving the Streets and erecting Buildings, &c.

Commissioners to render an Account to the Treasury.

Premises conveyed not to be leased under any Act relating to the Crown Lands, unless with Consent of Commissioners.

General Commissioners named in 44 G.3. c. 61. to proceed in

paving or making good the Pavement of the Street or Place adjoining such Ground, or in the Repair of any contiguous Buildings or Houses, or in the erecting, repairing, enlarging or improving any Houses, Buildings, Offices or Places, for the Accommodation of the Courts of Justice, in Westminster Hally or otherwise, as the said Commissioners (or any such Three of them as aforesaid) shall think fitting and expedient, according to a Plan or Plans to be proposed by the said Commissioners, and to be approved of by the Lord High Treasurer of Great, or by the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, in Manner herein mentioned; and the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act shall from time to time render and give an Account to the said Lord High Treasurer, or to the said Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, of the Amount of all Money received by the said Commissioners for executing this Act, for the Materials of any Houses or Buildings so pulled down and sold as aforesaid, and of the Application thereof for the Purposes of this Act, in Manner aforesaid; and the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer shall and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to examine every such Account, and in case they shall approve thereof, to signify such their Approbation in Writing, at the Foot of such Account, signed by the said Lord High Treasurer, or by the said Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of them, and to transmit and return the same so approved to the said Commissioners for executing this Act, and every Account so approved and signed as aforesaid shall be a full and sufficient Discharge of the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, from or on Account of all such Sums of Money as shall be mentioned in any such Account, and for the Expenditure and Application thereof; and the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall not be compelled or compellable to give or render any further or other Account of any such Money, or of the Expenditure or Application thereof; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding,

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That none of the Grounds, Building, Houses or Premises which are or shall become vested in His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, under or by virtue of this Act, or of the said recited Acts, or either of them, shall be granted or leased under any Act or Acts relating to any Crown Lands, or any of the Provisions thereof, unless with the Concurrence and Consent, in Writing, of the Commissioners appointed for carrying this Act into Execution, or any Three of them, whereof the Speaker of the House of Commons, the Lord Chief Baron, or any One of the Commissioners to be appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, under this Act for the time being, shall be One.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That from and

after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the General Commissioners named in the said recited Act of the Forty fourth Year aforesaid, to proceed in the erecting the Court House for the holding of Sessions of the Peace in the City of,

under the Directions of the said recited Act of the Forty fourth

Year

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 89.

4, 11

Year aforesaid, this Act or any thing herein contained to the erecting the contrary notwithstanding. > Sessions House.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Value of Preseised or possessed of or interested in any Ground, Houses, Build- niises, m case ings, Lands or Tenements, which shall be deemed necessary to e

be purchased by the Commissioners appointed under this Act, &c to be shall refuse to treat or agree for the Sale thereof, or shall not settled by a agree in the Sum of Money offered to be given for the same, or Jury, shall not or cannot produce a clear Title to the Premises they are in Possession of, or the Interest they claim therein, that then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, whereof the Speaker of the House of Commons, the Lord Chief Baron, or any-one of the Commissioners to be appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, under this Act for the Time, shall be One, by Writing under their Hands to require the Sheriff of the County of M, who shall thereupon, and is hereby authorized and required to impannel, summon and return a competent Number of substantial and disinterested Persons qualified to serve as Juries not less than Twenty four nor more than Forty eight, and out of such Persons so to be impannelled, summoned and returned, a Jury of Twelve Men shall be drawn by some Person to be by the said Commissioners, or any such Three of them, appointed in such Manner as Juries for the Trial of Issues joined in His Majesty's Courts at Westminster are by an Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled Act for the letter Re-gvdation of Juries, directed to be drawn; which Persons so to be impannelled, summoned and returned as aforesaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the said Commissioners, or any such Three of them, at any such Time and Place as in such Summons shall be appointed; and all Parties concerned shall and may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, Challenge of but shall not be at liberty to challenge the Array; and the said *^ury* Commissioners, or any such Three of them, are hereby authorized and empowered from time to time as Occasion shall require, to call before them all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who shall be thought proper and necessary to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses, on his, her or their Oath or Oaths touching or concerning the Premises; and the said Commissioners or Commissioners any such Three of them, if they think fit, shall and may likewise ^ajr authorize authorize the said Jury to view the Place or Places, or Premises ttaPremises in Question, in such Manner as they shall direct, and the said Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as also the Oaths of such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Commissioners or any such Three of them are hereby empowered and required to administer,) shall enquire of the, Value of such Ground,

Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, ' and of the proportionable Value of the respective Estates and Interests of all and every Persons and Person seised or possessed thereof, or interested therein, or of or in any Part or Parts thereof, and Jury to assess shall assess and award the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to DamaSe-such Person or Persons, Party or Parties respectively, for the Purchase of such Ground, Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and of such respective Estates and Interests

therein,

478

C. 89.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Verdict final.

Conveyances of Premises to be executed on Tender of Purchase Money assessed.

In Default of Title, or Refusal to execute Conveyance, Money to be paid into the Bank.

Court 6f Chancery may, upon Petition or Motion, order the Money to be laid out.

therein, and also for Good Will, Improvements or any Injury or Damage whatsoever that may affect any such Person or Persons, Party or Parties, either as Leaseholder or Tenant at will; and the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, shall and my give Judgment for such Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed; which Verdict or Verdicts, and the Judgment and Judgments, Determination and Determinations thereupon, shall be binding and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against all and every Persons and Person claiming any Estate, Eight, Title, Trust, Use or Interest, in, to or out of such Ground, Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments and Premises, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or Expectancy, as well Infants and Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots and Femes Covert, and Persons under any other legal Incapacity or Disability, as all other Cestuique Trusts, their, his and her Heirs, Successors, Executors and Administrators, and against all other Persons whomsoever; and the said Verdicts, Judgments and Determinations, and all other Proceedings of the said Commissioners and Juries, so to be made, given and pronounced as aforesaid, shall be fairly written on Parchment, and signed by the Clerk of the Peace, for the time being, of the County of Middlesex.

VII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of any such Sum or Sums so assessed to the Party or Parties to whom the same shall be so awarded, or on Tender thereof made at his, her or their Dwelling House, or if he, she or they shall have no Dwelling House, then at the House of some Tenant or Occupier of some Lands or Tenements of such Party or Parties near the said intended Works, he, she or they shall execute a Conveyance of the Premises which shall be so purchased to the said Commissioners, or anjf Three of them, (whereof the Speaker of the House of Commons, "the Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer, or any One of the Commissioners to be appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, under this Act for the time being, shall always be One,) for the Purposes of this Act; and in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or any such Three of them, or shall refuse to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case as aforesaid, it shall be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any such Three of them, to order the said Sum and Sums assessed and awarded for any Purchase Money, or in Recompence for any Damage as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Ground, Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, (describing them,) subject to the Order, Controul and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be, and

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 89.

479

is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the same Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum and Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the same is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That immediately after paying On Payment of such Purchase Money as aforesaid into the Bank, the said Ground, Money into Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in re- Bar*k> Prospect whereof the same shall have been so paid, shall vest in His H^Ms'esT* Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the Purposes of this Act, 1 aj s y* who shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Possession thereof,

to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, freed and discharged from all former and other Estates, Rights, Titles, Interests, Claims and Demands whatsoever.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed Money be-or awarded to be paid for any Ground, Buildings, Houses or Pre- longing mises, purchased by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, CorPoratlonor which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lu-

natic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, amounting to such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of 2001. to be Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Paid iQto the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Ac- Bank, and to countant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to under*the his Account ex parte the Commissioners for executing this Act, to Direction of the the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction Court of and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Chancery.

Order, made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Ground, Buildings, Houses or Premises, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same

Ground, Buildings, Houses or Premises, or affecting other Ground, \

Buildings, Houses or Premises, standing settled therewith, to the same or the like Uses, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Ground, Buildings, Houses or Premises, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Ground, Buildings, Houses or Premises, which shall be so purchased as aforesaid, stood, settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking effect; and in the mean time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application

480

Application of such Purchase Money if exceeding 20l. and not exceeding 2001.

Application of Purchase Money where it is less than 201.

Persons in Possession of Premises deemed lawfully entitled, until the contrary shall be

c. 89. 46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

plication thereto, - be invested by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase ofj Three Pounds Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from time to time, be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who Would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Grounds, Buildings, Houses or Premises, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Ground, Buildings, Houses or Premises purchased for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Ground, Buildings, Plouses or Premises so purchased, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Commissioners for executing this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) , in order that such principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Ground, Buildings, Houses or Premises, so purchased for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners for executing this Act, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Ground, Buildings, Houses or Premises, or of any Estate, Right or Interest, in any Ground,

21 Buildings,

A, D.: 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 89.

481

Buildings, Houses or Premises, to be purchased in pursuance shewn to the thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Court of Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annui- Chancery, ties, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Ground, Buildings, Houses or Premises, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Ground, Buildings, Houses or Premises, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court, that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Ground, Buildings, Houses or Premises, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons,

©r Corporation entitled to any Ground, Buildings, Plouses or Premises to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Ground,

Buildings, Houses or Premises, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Commissioners for executing the Purposes of this Act, out of such Purchase Money, and such Commissioners shall, from time to time, pay such Sums of Money thereout, for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for carrying into Execution this Act, or any Three of them, (whereof empowered to the Speaker of the House of Commons, the Lord Chief Baron of iay °ut ?^ans the Exchequer, or any One of the Commissioners to be appointed p^iung^own by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, under this Act for the or rebuilding time being, shall always be One,) shall, from time to time, and Houses, &c. they are hereby authorized, empowered and required to propose,

assign and lay out Plans for the repairing, altering, pulling down or rebuilding, any Houses, Offices or Places, which such Commissioners shall think proper and necessary to be repaired, altered, pulled down or rebuilt, for the Purposes of this Act; and the said Commissioners shall also propose, assign and lay out Plans of the Manner in which Houses and Buildings shall be erected and built on any Ground which is or shall or may become vested in His Majesty,

His Heirs, or Successors, for the Purposes of this Act, and also in what Manner any vacant Ground on which the said Commissioners shall not think proper that any Houses or Buildings should be erected or built, shall be employed and laid out; and the said and to nuke Commissioners are also hereby authorized, empowered and re- Regulations quired, from time to time, to frame such Rules and Regulations as PreventmS the said Commissioners shall think necessary and expedient for nnoyaaces* 46 Geo. III. Ii the

The Court of Chancery may order the Expences of Purchases to be paid by the Commissioners.

Commissioners

482

C. 89.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

for their Ap probation, &c,

the preventing and abating of all Nuisances and Annoyances whatever, within the Precincts of the Two Houses of Parliament, Westminster Hall, and the Courts of Justice there, or within any of the Places adjoining to, or next surrounding the same, and which are or may be vested in His Majesty, His Pleirs or Successors, for the Purposes of this Act, or in or about the Houses, Ground, Buildings and Premises, which shall be erected, built or laid out under the Directions of the said Commissioners, by virtue of this Act. Plans and

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all such Plans for re-

Jtegulations to pairing, altering, pulling down or rebuilding, any Houses, Offices

the TreasuT6 or ^aces as aforesaid, or for laying out or employing any vacant

t e leasuiy Qrounci as aforesaid, and all such Rules and Regulations for preventing and abating Nuisances and Annoyances as aforesaid, to be from time to time framed by the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, shall by the said Commissioners be laid before and submitted to the Lord High Treasurer, or to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain for the time being; and it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of them, to examine and consider all such Plans, and all such Rules and Regulations, and to determine upon and approve the same, or to make any Alteration therein respectively, and to direct either that such Plans and Regulations respectively shall be carried into Execution, or shall be suspended or laid aside, or shall be varied or altered, in Part or in the Whole, as such Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, shall think Notice by Trea- fitting and expedient; and the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, shall give Notice in Writing under the Hand of the said Lord

sury of their Approbation,

to<the> Commis- High Treasurer, or the Hands of any Three of the said Commissioners, who are sioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, of thereupon to such their Approbation, or other Determination respectively, to proceed. the Commissioners for executing this Act; and the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall proceed to carry into Effect all such Plans for repairing, altering, pulling down and rebuilding any Plouses, Offices or Places, or laying out any vacant Ground as shall be approved of or directed by the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer; and such Plouses, Offices and Places, shall be pulled down, altered, repaired or rebuilt accordingly, and such vacant Ground shall be laid out under the Directions of the said Commissioners for executing this Act, either by the Comptroller and Surveyor General of His Majesty's Works at, or by

Contracts to be made for that Purpose by the said Commissioners for executing this Act, or any Three of them, (whereof the Speaker of the House of Commons, the Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer, or any One of the Commissioners to be appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall be One,) by and with the Consent and Approbation of the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord Pligh Treasurer, signified in Manner aforesaid; and all such Rules and Regulations for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances, as shall be approved of or directed by the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners for

executing

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 89, 90.

483

executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, shall be carried into Effect Under the Directions of the said Commissioners for executing this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- Commissioners

ful for the Commissioners for executing this Act, or any Three of "ay issi*e them, (whereof the Speaker of the House of Commons, the Lord their

Chief Baron of the Exchequer, or any One of the Commissioners to pians into

be appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, under this Effect.

Act for the time being, shall always be One,) from time to time to issue and give any such Orders and Directions to any Officers or other Persons as the said Commissioners shall think fitting and necessary for the fully carrying into Effect, and completing all such Plans, Rules and Regulations, as shall have been approved of and directed by the said Lord High Treasurer or the said Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer under the Provisions of this Act, and all such Officers and other Persons shall obey, fulfil and perform all such Orders and Directions accordingly, and shall be punishable on Presentment or Indictment for any wilful Disobedience or Neglect of any such Orders or Directions after the same shall have been signified to them, in Writing, under the Hands of any such Three of the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for Commissioners the Execution of this Act shall, on or before the Twenty fourth to make a Day of June in every Year, (or oftener if it shall seem fitting and expedient to the said Commissioners, or the said Lord High Trea- of

surer, or Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High made in their

Treasurer,) make a Report in Writing to the said Lord High Trea- Plans.

surer, or Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High

Treasurer, of the Progress made in the repairing, altering, pulling

down and rebuilding of any Houses, Offices or Places, or in the

laying out of any vacant Ground, or in the framing and executing

any Rules or Regulations under or by virtue of this Act, together

with such Observations and Suggestions for the better effecting

the Purposes of this Act, as the said Commissioners for executing

this Act shall from time to time think requisite and necessary.

[Amended, 48 G.3. c. 137. — 50 G.3. c. 119. — 54 G. 3. cc. 70.154. -1 & 2 G.4.C, 45.]

CAP. XC.

An Act to enable His Majesty annually to train and exercise

a Proportion of His Subjects in E, under certain Regulations, and more effectually to provide for the Defence of the Realm.

[16th July 1806.]

* TTJ WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty third Year of 43 g.3. c-96.

4 W the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend and render more effectual an A, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm during the present War, and for indemnifying Persons mho may suffer in their Property by such Measures as may be necessary

for that Purpose; and to enable His Majesty more effectually and speedily to exercise his ancient and undoubted Prerogative in requiring the Military Service of His liege Subjects in case of

I i 2 4 Invasion

484 *

C. 90.

4*6° GEO. III. A.D. 1800.

43 G. 3. C. 120.

Recited Acts repealed.

Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, &c. under English Militia Act,

42 G.3. c. 90. td put Act into Execution.

Provisions for Counties extended to Ridings, &c. for Hundreds to Rapes, &c. and all Powers of Constables to Tythingmen, &c.

Invasion of the Realm: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act made in this present Session of

Parliament, intituled 1 An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the present Session of , intituled

u An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually to provide for i the D fence and Security of the Realm during present

‘ Hostilities, and for indemnifying Persons who may suffer their

i Property by such Measures as may be necessary for that -i p>ose f and t° enable His Majesty more ffedually and speedily

* to exercise his ancient and undoubted Prerogative requiring the (Military Service of His liege Subjects case of Invasion the

* Realm And Whereas it is expedient that the said Acts should be repealed, and that such of the Provisions thereof as it may be 1 necessary to continue, should be consolidated in this Act; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said recited Acts shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That His Majesty's Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants, constituted and appointed by virtue or acting in the Execution of an Act, passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act amending the Laws relating to the Militia England, and for augmenting the Militia, for the several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Cities and Places, in the said recited Act mentioned; and all Justices of the Peace, and all Constables, Tythingmen, Head-boroughs, Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, and other Officers in the said recited Act mentioned respectively, shall have full Power and Authority, and are hereby authorized, empowered and required, to do all Acts, Matters and Things, necessary for carrying this Act into Execution, in like Manner and as fully and effectually as they are respectively authorized, empowered or required, to carry into Execution the said recited Act; and it shall be lawful for such Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants for that Purpose to hold General and Subdivision Meetings, and adjourn such Meetings respectively from time to time, and to do any Act, Matter or Thing, required to be done under this Act at any subsequent or other General or Subdivision Meeting.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Provisions, Directions, Clauses, Matters and Things whatever in this Act contained relating to Counties, shall extend and be construed to extend to all Ridings, Divisions, Cities and Places; and all Provisions, Directions, Clauses, Matters and Things in this Act contained relating to Hundreds, shall extend and be construed to extend to all Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes and other Divisions in or of any such County, Riding, Division, City or Place; and all Provisions, Directions, Clauses, Matters and Things, in this Act contained, relating to Parishes, shall extend and be construed to extend to all Townships, Tythings and Places, and to all Extra Parochial Places united therewith for the Purposes of this Act; and all Powers by this Act given to any Constable shall extend to all Tythingmen, Headboroughs, Peace Officers and other Persons acting as Constables

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 90.

4 85

stables in any Counties, Hundreds, Parishes and Places, in which there shall be no Constable, as fully and amply as if they were severally and respectively repeated in every such Provision, Direction and Clause, and with relation to every such Matter or Thing.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His

Majesty, on any Returns now made or which shall hereafter be made of the Numbers of Persons liable to serve in the Militia in the several Counties in England, under any Act now in force, or under any Act which may be passed in this Session of Parliament (a) , to direct His Privy Council to take such Returns into Consideration, and to apportion any Number of Men, not exceeding Two hundred thousand, among the said Counties, according to the Number so returned, and thereupon to direct that the Numbers so apportioned shall be transmitted to the respective Lieutenants of the said Counties, Notice whereof shall be thereupon Thrice printed in the London and such Lieutenants

shall, immediately after the last Publication of such Notice, summon General and Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy in their respective Counties, and, at such General Meetings, the Numbers so fixed for each respective County shall be divided and apportioned among the Hundreds of such respective Counties, and at such Subdivision Meetings, the Numbers so apportioned among each respective Hundred shall be divided and apportioned among

* the Parishes of such respective Hundreds, in the Manner now in use with respect to the Militia. (a) \_See 91.

V. And be it further enacted, That no articled Clerk or Ap-

prentice, nor any Person mustered, trained or doing Duty, or employed in any of His Majesty's Docks or Dock Yards, for the Service thereof, or employed and mustered in His Majesty's Service in the Tower of London, Woolwich Warren, the several Gun Wharfs at Portsmouth, or at the several Powder Mills, Powder Magazines,

or other Storehouses belonging to His Majesty, under the Direction of the Board of Ordnance, nor any Person being free of the Company of Watermen of the River, nor any poor Man

who has more than One Child born in Wedlock, nor any Person serving by Substitute in the Militia, or under any Act or Acts for raising any additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, shall, by reason thereof, respectively be exempt from being ballotted and trained and exercised, and serving under the Provisions of this Act, notwithstanding such Persons may, by reason of coming within any of such Descriptions as aforesaid, respectively be exempt from serving in the Militia.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no licensed Teacher of any separate Congregation in Holy Orders, or pretended Holy Orders, and not carrying on any other Trade, or exercising any other Occupation for his Livelihood, except that of a Schoolmaster, nor any Medical Man actually practising as such, and being a Housekeeper, shall be liable to be ballotted or to be trained and exercised, or to serve under the Provisions of this Act, so long only as they shall respectively continue within any of the Descriptions aforesaid.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in making all such Apportionments in relation either to Counties, Hundreds

On Returns of Persons liable to serve in Militia,

Privy Council to apportion 200,000 thereof among the Counties, to be trained under this Act.

Notice in

London

Gazette.

Certain Persons, though exempt from Militia, not exempt from being ballotted and trained under this Act.

Exemption of licensed Teachers and Medical Men.

In making Apportionments in

or

486

C. 90.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

of Persons liable to be trained.

Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings to transmit Apportionments.

Penalties,

2001.

501.

each County, or Parishes, regard shall be had to the Number of Persons serving &c. regard had in Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps in such Counties, Hundreds and

Volunteers and Parishes respectively, and exempt by reason thereof from being oun ersa ^allotted, trained and exercised under this Act; and also to the Number of Persons in such Counties, Hundreds and Parishes respectively exempt from serving in the Militia, and who shall nevertheless be liable to be ballotted, trained and exercised under the Provisions of this Act, so as that all such Apportionments shall be made on the Numbers of Persons in such Counties, Hundreds and Parishes respectively, actually liable to be trained and exercised under this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks to such General Meetings shall, within Seven Days after making such Apportionments among the Hundreds of their respective Counties, transmit the same, duly certified by the said General Meetings respectively, to the respective Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings within their Counties, on pain of forfeiting, for any Neglect to transmit such Apportionments, the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and on paid of forfeiting, for omitting to transmit the same to any Hundred or Hundreds, the Sum of Fifty Pounds for each Hundred so omitted; and the Clerks to such Subdivision Meetings shall also, within Seven Days after the Apportionment of the Numbers among the Parishes of their Subdivision, transmit the same to the High Constables, who shall issue their Precepts accordingly to the several Constables of such respective Parishes, # on pain of forfeiting by the said Clerks of Subdivision Meetings for omitting to transmit the same, One hundred Pounds, and for omitting any Parish or Parishes, the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each Parish omitted.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to direct that any Number of Men not exceeding such Two hundred thousand as aforesaid in the Whole, and in such Proportions as shall have been fixed for the several Counties in England respectively, shall be forthwith ballotted and enrolled out of the Lists of Persons liable to serve in the Militia, and from the Persons liable to serve under this Act; and also from time to time to direct that the whole of the Number of Persons so ballotted and enrolled in any County, or in any Part or Parts thereof, or any Proportion of such Number, to be taken either by Ballot or according to the Order in which the Names shall have been ballotted, or according to any Class or Classes with respect to Age, Marriage or Number of Children, shall be trained and exercised under this Act; and that in consequence of any Warrant to that Effect under His Majesty's Royal Sign Manual to the Lieutenant of any such County, such Ballot and Training shall take place in Manner hereinafter provided, and such Lieutenant shall thereupon forthwith, by Precept under his Hand and Seal, summon Subdivision Meetings for the making of such Ballots.

Volunteers may X. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which such Offer to serve Ballot shall be so directed, and any Persons between the Ages of under this Act; gjo-hteen and Thirty Years, and fit for Military Service, shall in which Case vofuntarqy enrol themselves for Military Service under the Pro-BaUofonlyfor visions of this Act, in any Parish, and shall agree

the Deficiency, and shall take place.

201.

His Majesty may order the Whole or any Part of the Humber apportioned to be ballotted, enrolled and trained.

to be trained

exercised, and to serve according to the Provisions of this

Act,

A.D. 1800'.

46° GEO. III. C. 90.

487

Act, if the Persons so voluntarily enrolling themselves, and agreeing to be so trained and exercised, and serve, shall amount to the Number to be enrolled by Ballot under such Apportionment as aforesaid in any such Parish, then no Ballot shall take place in such Parish; and if the Persons so voluntarily enrolling themselves, and agreeing as aforesaid, shall not amount to the Number required to be enrolled by Ballot in any such Parish, under such Apportionment as aforesaid, then the Number of Persons so voluntarily enrolling themselves, and agreeing as aforesaid, shall be deducted from the Number so required to be enrolled by Ballot as aforesaid, and the Remainder only shall be ballotted for in such Parish; and all Persons so voluntarily enrolling themselves, and agreeing as aforesaid, shall be trained and exercised, and serve in the same Manner, and at the same Time and Places, and under the same Regulations, and be subject to the same Provisions, as if they had been ballotted for.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, if He shall see fit, to order and direct by any One of His Principal Secretaries of State, that any Volunteers under this Act shall receive Pay of One Shilling per Day for any additional Number of Days of Training and Exercise, not exceeding Twenty four Days, in addition to the Twenty four Days in the Schedule to this Act mentioned; or if He shall see fit, in like Manner to order and direct that any Volunteers training and exercising under this Act for any Number of Days not less than Twenty four, shall receive,

* at the Expiration of such Number of Days’ Training and Exercise,

any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, in Addition to the Pay of One Shilling per Day in the Schedule to this Act mentioned, to be paid to such Volunteers in such Manner and in such Proportion as His Majesty shall please to direct.

XII. And be it further enacted, That Notice shall be given by the Deputy Lieutenants or Clerk of Subdivision Meetings, by affixing the same on the Doors of the Churches or Chapels, or on other conspicuous Places in the several Parishes within their respective Subdivisions, of the Da3's, Times and Places appointed for Ballots under this Act, in their respective Subdivisions; and the Names of the Persons liable to be ballotted shall publicly, and in the Presence of any such Magistrates, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor and Chief and other Constables as chuse to attend, be called over from the Lists, and put into the Boxes or Glasses for ballotting, and shall in like Manner be publicly drawn out, and the Names of the Persons so drawn shall be publicly called over, and be entered in a Book by the Clerks of the Subdivision, or Persons appointed by them, or the Deputy Lieutenants, for that Purpose; and such calling over of the Names, and ballotting for Persons to be enrolled under this Act, shall take Place at the Days, Times and Places appointed, and shall not commence before Ten of the Clock, nor continue longer than Six in the Evening; and if such Ballotting shall not be complete in One Morning, the Boxes shall be sealed with the Seals of any Two of the Deputy Lieutenants, and the Clerk of the Meeting; and such Seals be broken, and the Ballotting be finished in like public Manner, on the succeeding Day.

I i 4 NIII. And

Volunteers to be trained, &c.

His Majesty may allow Pay or Bounty to Volunteers for additional Training, &c.

Notice of Ballot shall be given on the Church Door, &c.

Manner and Time of Ballotting.

488

C. 90.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Names of Persons ballotted sent to Constables; Notices given and Appeals heard, and fresh Ballots, if necessary.

Persons to be enrolled, and Abstracts of Enrolment sent to Constables.

Time of Service, One Year from 1st November in each Year.

Persons trained, not liable’to ballot for Two Years.

Persons ballotted not appearing.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Deputy Lieutenants of such Meetings shall appoint Days and Places for holding Meetings for hearing Appeals against such Ballots; and the Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings at which such Ballots shall have taken place, shall within Three Days transmit to the Constables, or other Officers of the Parishes within their Subdivision, the Names of the Persons ballotted therein respectively; and such Constable shall thereupon give Notice to every such Person, by delivering the same to him or his Wife, or some Servant or Member of his Family, or leaving the same at his usual or last Place of Abode, together with Notice of the Days of hearing Appeals against such Ballots; and it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants, and they are hereby required on hearing such Appeals, to amend the Lists if it shall be deemed necessary by His Majesty, and so ordered, and to proceed to a fresh Ballot, and adjourn such Meeting, and direct like Notice to be given to the Persons ballotted, and appoint other Meetings in case the same shall be necessary for hearing Appeals, and fresh Ballots, until the full Number required shall be enrolled; and the Names of all the Persons who shall have volunteered to serve under this Act, and of all Persons so ballotted, and who shall not have appealed, or on having appealed shall not have been struck out, shall be entered on a Roll to be provided by the Clerk of the Subdivision Meetings for that Purpose; and the Clerks of such Meetings shall within Ten Days transmit Abstracts of such Roll, containing the Names of the several Persons enrolled in the respective Parishes to the Constables thereof.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons enrolled to be trained and exercised under this Act, shall for the First Year continue liable to be trained and exercised according to the Provisions of this Act, until the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and seven; and all Persons so enrolled in or for any succeeding Year shall continue liable to be trained and exercised from the First Day of November in the Year in which such Persons shall have been or ought to have been so ballotted and enrolled, until the First Day of November following; and every such Person shall be trained and exercised under the Provisions of this Act, unless exempted under any of the Provisions hereinafter contained.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall have been enrolled for Training and Exercising, and Service, under this Act, and who shall have been actually so trained and exercised, shall be liable to be ballotted for again during the Two succeeding Years after the Expiration of the Year in which he shall have been so enrolled, trained and exercised as aforesaid, such Years being to be reckoned as above, from the First Day of November in One Year, to the First Day of November in the succeeding Year.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Volunteer or Person so ballotted and enrolled under this Act shall refuse or neglect to appear within such Period and at -such Place as shall be appointed for that Purpose, (which Times and Places shall be appointed by the Deputy Lieutenants in their respective Subdivisions, under any Order of the Lieutenant of the County, and

Notice

46° GEO. III. C. 90.

A.D. 1806.

m

Notice thereof given by the Constables of the several Parishes, by y

putting up the same on Churches, Chapels, or other conspicuous

Places,) and to sign the Regulations in the Schedule to this Act

annexed for Men enrolled under this Act, such Volunteer or other

Person shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds; or if a Person not Penalty 101.

having or receiving any annual Sum of Money, Profits, Gains,

Allowances or other Income whatsoever, amounting in the Whole 51. to One hundred Pounds, the Sum of Five Pounds; and every paid to Clerk such Fine shall be paid to the Clerk of the Subdivision Meetings, of Subdivision who shall on Receipt, thereof give a Certificate without Fee or Meetings. Reward, of the same being paid; and the Payment of such Fine shall exempt such Person from Training and Exercise for that Year, and no longer, and such Person shall be liable to be ballotted in the succeeding Year, and in like Manner to serve or pay such Fine as aforesaid, and so in each succeeding Year.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every Person claiming Persons claim-to be exempted from Training and Exercise, and Service, under Jng Exemption, this Act, upon Payment of the Fine of Five Pounds instead of Ten

Pounds, and every Person claiming any Reduction of any Fine for pjne &c to Absence from Training and Exercising by reason of not having sign a Decla-any Income amounting to One hundred and fifty Pounds or Fifty ration of their Pounds per Annum respectively, shall make and sign a Declaration Income-of the Amount of his Income before a Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, or produce a Certificate of the Amount of such Income allowed by any Commissioner under any Act relating to the Rates and Duties arising on Property, Professions, Trades and Offices, or to any Allowances made on any such Rates and Duties within Twelve Months previous to the Production of such Certificate; and every Person who shall make any false Declaration in relation to any such Claim, shall forfeit and Penalty 151. pay for such Offence the Sum of Fifteen Pounds.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Balloted Per-Person so ballotted shall at any Time, whether before or after his sons entering being so ballotted, have enrolled or enrol himself as a Volunteer int0 Volunteer in any Corps which shall at that Time have been accepted by His t from6 Majesty, and shall produce a Certificate of being so enrolled, and Ballot

of being properly clothed, armed and equipped, according to the Regulations of the Corps, from the Commanding Officer for the time being of such Corps such Person shall be struck out of the Enrolment under this Act, and be exempt from Ballot, and from being trained and exercised under this Act, so long as he shall continue to be a Member of such Volunteer Corps.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Exemptions for

Person claiming Exemption from Ballot, and from Training and Volunteers Exercise under this Act, by reason of his becoming a Member of shall be cefti* any Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps, shall, between the Tenth Day th)r

of September and the First Day of October in the Year succeeding officers" that in which he claimed such Exemption, produce to the Constable or other Peace Officer, acting as such under this Act, of the

Parish or Place of his Residence, a Certificate from the Commanding Officer of such Corps, or from the Officer commanding the Troop or Company of such Corps of which he may be a Member, bearing Date between the Tenth Day of September and the First Day of October, of his being at that time an effective Member

of

490

Penalty 151.

Quakers and United

Brethren to be exempted on Payment of Fine — 71. to 20s.

To be levied by Distress, &c.

Imprisonment.

Justices may appoint Deputies for Quakers refusing to act as Constables;

c. 90. 46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

of such Corps, according to the Laws in force for the Regulation of Yeomanry and Volunteers, which Certificate the Constable shall transmit to the Clerk of the Subdivision Meeting; and in Default of the Production of such Certificate, every such Person shall be liable to pay, and shall pay a Fine of Fifteen Pounds, to be levied, collected and applied in the same Manner as Fines relating to training and exercising under this Act are directed to be levied, collected and applied.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, being One of the People called Quakers, or of the People called

or United Brethren, who shall be ballotted under this Act, shall produce before the Deputy Lieutenants at any Subdivision Meeting, or any Two Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace, a Certificate under the Hands of Two or more respectable Housekeepers being of the People called Quakers, or of the People called Fratrum or United Brethren, resident within the County or Place of Residence of such Person, and dated within Three Months immediately preceding the Day on which such Certificate shall be produced as aforesaid, acknowledging such Person to be One of their Persuasion, such Person shall not be enrolled for Training or Exercise, or if he shall have been enrolled, shall be struck out of the Enrolment; and it shall be lawful for any such Deputy Lieutenants or Justices to adjudge any such Person to pay such Proportion of such Fines as are by this Act imposed on Persons enrolled for Non Attendance at Training and Exercising, not exceeding Seven Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings for the Year in which he shall have been so ballotted, as to such Deputy Lieutenants or Justices may appear to be proper, according to the Situation in Life, and Property of such Person; and the Amount of Fine so adjudged by such Deputy Lieutenants or Justices may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person by Warrant under their Hands and Seals (the Overplus, if any, after Deduction of reasonable Charges, being rendered to the Party); and if no Goods or Chattels can be found, whereby the Sum so imposed upon such Quaker or United Brother can be levied, then it shall and may be lawful for any Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace, if he shall think proper to commit such Quaker or United Brother to Prison, there to remain for any time not exceeding Fourteen Days, unless such Sum shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Chief or other Constable, Headborough, Tythingman or Overseer, shall be of the People called Quakers (and certified to be so by Two Persons of the People called Quakers) , and shall neglect or refuse to perform the Duties required by this Act, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace acting for the Division within which such Quaker shall be such Officer as aforesaid, and they are hereby required in all Cases where the Circumstances of the Case shall in their Judgment render it expedient and necessary for the due Execution of the Provisions of this Act, by their Order under their Hands and Seals, to appoint a fit and proper Person to be Deputy to such Quaker for the Purpose only of carrying this Act into Execution; and every Person so appointed Deputy as aforesaid shall have and exercise all the Powers, Authorities and Jurisdictions,

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 90.

491

dictions, given by this Act to such Officer for whom he shall so act, and shall do and perform all the like Duties and Offices under the like Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures as are hereby imposed for Neglect of Duty of any such Officer as aforesaid, in like Manner in every respect as the Person for whom he shall so act; and where an Appointment of any Deputy shall be so made, the principal Chief Constable, Headborough, Tythingman or Overseer (being one of the People called Quakers) shall be and he is hereby discharged from the Performance of any Duty required of him by this Act, and from all Penalties incurred for Neglect thereof after the Time of such Appointment.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons from time to time enrolled under this Act, and all Serjeants and Constables, shall be subject and liable to all the Rules, Regulations, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures in the Schedule to this Act annexed contained, in relation to Persons enrolled, and to Serjeants and Constables in like Manner as if all such Rules, Regulations, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures had been severally and separately enacted in the Body of this Act; and all such Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures may be recovered under this Act as if they were inserted in the Body thereof.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two Deputy Lieutenants, or any Deputy Lieutenant and Justice of the Peace, on the Certificate of any Physician, Surgeon or Apothecary, actually practising as such, that any Person enrolled to be trained, exercised and serve, under this Act, is from Illness or any bodily Infirmity or Debility unable to be trained and exercised, to cause such Person to be struck out of the Enrolment, and excused from such Fine, and from any further Service under this Act, so long, as such Illness, bodily Infirmity or Debility shall continue.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks of all Subdivision Meetings shall, after every Subdivision Meeting in which any Person shall have been ballotted and enrolled to be trained and exercised, and serve under this Act, make out Abstracts of the Lists of such Ballot and Enrolment, and shall transmit the same to the Clerk of the General Meetings for the County wherein such Subdivisions shall be situate, within Ten Days; and every such Clerk who shall omit or neglect to make such Return as aforesaid, within such Period as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully make any false Return, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and Abstracts of such Lists shall be transmitted by the Lieutenants of each County to One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, at such Periods as His Majestjr may be pleased to direct; and all such Lists and Abstracts shall be made out in such Form as any such Secretary of State shall please to direct.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where His Majesty shall have directed that any Persons so enrolled shall be trained and exercised under this Act, the Lieutenant of the County or Place to which such Warrant shall be directed, shall require the respective Deputy Lieutenants in the Subdivisions of such County, to fix proper Times and Places of Training and Exercising (subject nevertheless to any Orders or Directions of

His

Persons enrolled subject to Rules and Regulations in Schedule.

Exemptions for Persons of bodily Inability.

Abstracts of Lists sent by Clerks of Subdivision Meetings to Clerks of General Meetings,

and by County Lieutenants to Secretary of State.

His Majesty may order Persons to be trained, and regulate Time and Place of Exercise.

492

C. 90.

A.D. 1806.

Sunday not a Day of Exercise.

Limitation of Times and Places of Training.

One Constable in every Parish shall attend at the Exercise, for which he shall have an Allowance.

[Proviso.]

Reward to Constable.

Neglect by Constable.

[Penalty.]

General and Subdivision Meetings may appoint Special Constables out of Persons exempt from

46° GEO. III.

His Majesty's Secretary of State in that Behalf) , and to cause public Notice of such Times and Places of Exercise and Training to be given in the Churches or Chapels of the respective Parishes during Divine Service, and to be affixed on the Doors of such Churches or Chapels, and in the Market Places (if any) , and if there shall be no Church, Chapel or Market Place, then on some other convenient and conspicuous Place:Provided always, that the Deputy Lieutenants shall not appoint Sunday as a Day of Exercise, unless His Majesty shall deem it necessary, and, by any Order signified by One of His Principal Secretaries of State, empower or direct them so to do.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be required to attend any greater Number of Days’ Training and Exercise in the Whole, than Twenty four Days in the Year, or to go, for the Purpose of being so trained or exercised, to any greater Distance from his usual Place of Residence than Five Miles.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That One of the Constables or other Peace Officers, as the Case may be, shall in every Parish duly attend at the Times and Places appointed for such Training and Exercise as aforesaid, unless prevented by Sickness or other unavoidable Accident, to be proved to the Satisfaction of any Two of the Deputy Lieutenants of the Division wherein such Parish or Parishes shall be situate:Provided always, that where any such Training and Exercise shall be regulated by Districts, or any other Division than Parishes, or when Two or more Parishes, or Parts of Parishes, shall be united for the Purpose of Training and Exercise, then the Constable or other.Peace Officer of One Parish only shall be required to attend, and such Attendance shall be regulated among the Constables or other Peace Officers of the several Parishes from which the Men shall come by Precept from the High Constable, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by any Deputy Lieutenant; and every such Constable or other Peace Officer who shall conduct himself in the Discharge of his said Duty to the Satisfaction of the Deputy Lieutenants of such Subdivision, shall be entitled at the End of each Year, or on his going out of Office, to such reasonable Reward, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, for his Pains and Trouble therein, as the Deputy Lieutenants of such Subdivision assembled at any Meeting shall think adequate thereto, and shall certify under their Hands, the same to be paid out of the County Stock of the County or Place to which the same shall relate; and if any such Constable or other Peace Officer shall neglect or refuse to attend at such Times and Places of Training and Exercising as shall be fixed, unless prevented by Illness, or other unavoidable Accident, to be proved as aforesaid, he shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, for every Day on which he shall so refuse or neglect to attend. ’

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants of any County -at any General Meeting, and also for the Deputy Lieutenants within their respective Subdivisions thereof, whenever they shall deem it expedient, to nominate and appoint from amongst the Persons who would under the Provisions of this Act be exempt from being

enrolled

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 90.

493

enrolled for Military Service under this Act in any Parish, such Military Number of Persons usually resident therein, who maybe willing Service. # to undertake and perform the Duty of Constables in the Execution of this Act, as such Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants shall think fit to be Special Constables for all or any of the Purposes of this Act within such Parish, or to appoint any Persons to act as Constables instead of any Persons being of the People called

Quakers, according to any Act relating to the Militia; and the Deputy Lieutenants shall thereupon forthwith cause the Names of the Persons who shall be so appointed Special Constables, to be transmitted to the chief Constable, or other proper Officer of the Hundred or District within which such Parish shall be situate; and all Persons so appointed Special Constables as aforesaid shall and may thereupon do and perform all such Acts, Matters and Things in the Execution of this Act, or of such and so many of the Purposes thereof for which they shall be so appointed as aforesaid, within their respective Parishes, as any other Constables therein are by this Act empowered and required to do and perform in the Execution thereof.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That on the Days appointed On the Days of for Training and Exercise under this Act, the Officer or Serjeant Exercise the attending at such Training and Exercise, and the Constable pre- Muster Roll to sent at such Meeting, shall call the Muster Roll of the Men 16 ca e’&c* enrolled. in such Parish or united Parishes, and mark the Names

of the Persons present at such Training and Exercise, and also the Names of all Absentees and Defaulters; and the Persons calling such Muster Roll shall thereupon sign the same so marked, and certify the same to be a true and correct Account of the Persons present at such Training and Exercise, and also of the Absentees.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lieutenancy

Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants of any Counties in, may make

subject nevertheless to such Orders as may be given in that Behalf for the

by His Majesty, through One of His Principal Secretaries of State, ^ms^/ the to make Orders for the Care and Custody of any Arms and Ac- Accoutrements coutrements provided and supplied in order to the Instruction of

the Men so to be trained and exercised; and the Expence thereof, not exceeding for every Stand of Arms and Set of Accoutrements the Sum of Three Shillings per Anmon, being fixed by Order of such Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, shall and may be paid out of the County Stock of the County or Place to which the same shall relate.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Muskets delivered Muskets to be, for the Purpose of Training and Exercising under this Act shall marked.

be marked distinctly in some visible Place with the Letters " G. R." and in case any Man shall not redeliver to the Person duly au- Persons not thorized to receive such Arms, or shall refuse to replace the same redelivering or in the Place assigned for the keeping thereof after Exercise, or damaging shall sell, pawn or lose any Arms or Accoutrements, delivered to nDS*&c* him, or shall wilfully damage any such Arms, every such Man shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Three Pounds; and if such Man shall not immediately pay such Penalty 31. &Cj Penalty, the Justice of the Peace before whom he shall be convicted shall commit him to any Gaol or House of Correction, to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding One Month, or until he shall have paid, the said Penalty.

494?

C. 90 *

4<6° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Buying such Arms% &c.

Penalty 101.

Imprisonment.

His Majesty may appoint Officers.

On Apprehension of immediate Invasion, His Majesty may embody Persons enrolled.

In case of Invasion, &c.

His Majesty may place Men enrolled for the current or preceding Year in existing Regiments, or form new Corps thereof, to be led into any Part of G. B. and while embodied they shall be subject to Mutiny Act and Articles of War.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly and wilfully buy, take in Exchange, or conceal any Arms or Accoutrements so delivered from the Training and Exercising under this Act, the Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds; and if such Offender shall not immediately pay such Penalty, and shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon to levy such Penalty, the Justice before whom he or she shall be convicted, shall commit him or her to the common Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of Three Months, or until he shall have paid the said Fine.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, at any Time, and from Time to Time, to appoint any General and other Officers, and also to appoint or cause to be appointed any Serjeant sand other Non Commissioned Officers, for the Commanding, Training and Exercising the Persons enrolled to be trained and exercised, and to serve under this Act.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, on Apprehension of immediate Invasion, to order that all the Persons enrolled to be trained and exercised, and to serve under this Act, or any Class or Classes, or Proportion of any such Persons as aforesaid, shall be embodied within their respective Counties for any Time not exceeding Twenty one Days, but not to be marched out of the County to which they shall belong, unless in case of actual Invasion, or of the Appearance of an Enemy in force upon the Coast: Provided always, that if no such Officers shall be appointed by His Majesty as aforesaid, or until such Officers shall be appointed, all Persons so enrolled to be trained and exercised, and to serve under this Act, shall be under the Command of the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants of the Counties in which such Men shall be so enrolled, or of any Officers appointed for that Purpose by such Lieutenants.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases of actual Invasion of any Part of the United Kingdom, or on the Appearance of an Enemy in force upon the Coast, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order in Council, or Proclamation, to draw out and assemble, and embody, all or any Part, Proportion or Class, as aforesaid, of the Men who shall have been ballotted and enrolled to be trained and exercised, and to serve under this Act for the then Year or the preceding Year, and from time to time to attach such Men, or any of them, to the Regiments, Battalions or Corps of Regulars, or Militia belonging to their respective Counties, if the same can conveniently be done; or if by reason of the unavoidable Distance of such Regiments, Battalions or Corps, the same cannot conveniently be done, then in any other Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Regulars or Militia then serving in Great Britain, or to cause such Men, or any of them, to be formed into new Regiments, Battalions or Corps, or otherwise to employ them in Military Service, as the Occasion shall require; and to direct all or any of the said Men to be led into any Part of Great Britain for the Repelling and Prevention of any such Invasion, or for the Suppression of any Rebellion or Insurrection arising or existing at the Time of any such Invasion; and from the

21 Time

A.D. 1806.

4*6° GEO. III. C. 90.

495

Time of any Men being drawn out and embodied on any Apprehension of immediate Invasion, or on the Appearance of an Enemy in force upon the Coast, and until they shall be disembodied by His Majesty's Order, such Men shall be subject to all the Provisions contained in any Act of Parliament which shall be then in force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and the Articles of War made in pursuance thereof; and all the Provisions contained in every such Act, and Articles of War, shall be in force with respect to them, and shall extend to all the Officers, Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and private Men, so drawn out and assembled, while embodied as aforesaid, in all Cases whatsoever.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Person so called out as aforesaid shall, upon repairing to the Place of Assembly, take the following Oath, and which shall and may be then and there administered to him by any Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace; (that is to say,)

i T A.B.do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful ‘ and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King George the Third,

and that I will faithfully serve His Majesty within Great,

4 so long as I shall be required so to do, under the Provisions of

an Act for enabling His Majesty to train and exercise a Pro-i portion of His Subjects, and to provide for the Defence of the (Realm. So help me GOD. ’

XXXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That none None com-

of the Persons who shall be so drawn out by virtue of this Act pelled to serve shall be compellable, on any Pretence whatsoever, to serve out outofG.B. of that Part of the United Kingdom called Great, or in

any other Case or Manner than is herein specified, or be kept Time of embodied for a longer Period than One Month after the Enemy Service, shall have been repelled or driven from the Coast, or after any such Rebellion or Insurrection shall have been suppressed.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty His Majesty, although no Invasion shall have taken place, and may give pro-before any Enemy shall appear in force upon the Coast, to give visual Orders from time to time provisional Orders for forming the Men actually Men en^ so enrolled, and also the Men who shall have been enrolled in rolled.6*1 the preceding Year, into Regiments, Battalions or Corps, under

General and other Officers, and also for attaching such Persons to any such Regiments, Battalions or Corps of Regulars or Militia as aforesaid, and also in relation to the drawing out, assembling and embodying such Men in the Event of any such Invasion, or Appearance of the Enemy in force upon the Coast; and all such provisional Orders of His Majesty shall, when the Case shall arise, be as valid and effectual, and be obeyed, observed and performed in the same Manner, in all Respects, until any further or other Orders shall be given by His Majesty in that Behalf, as if the same had been issued and given at the Time of any such Invasion, or Appearance of the Enemy upon the Coast.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant in Notice given of every County may and shall, on any Direction from His Majesty, Places of ascertain and fix upon, and give public Notice of proper Places of Assembly, and Assembly within their respective Counties; and also of proper ge- £e Ugf<jals to

neral

Persons called out to take Oath herein set forth.

496

46= GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Persons enrolled not appearing pursuant to Order or Signal, deemed Deserters.

Harbouring

Deserters,

Penalty 1001.

The Occasion of embodying Men under this Act communicated to Parliament.

Officers and Men, when drawn out, entitled to pay.

If wounded in actual Service, entitled to Chelsea Hospital.

Allowances for Necessaries to Persons drawn out.

C. 90.

neral Signals for drawing out and assembling any Men under this Act in case of Invasion, or the Appearance of any Enemy in force upon the Coast, either by firing of Guns, or by Flags, Beacons, Rockets or otherwise, as shall appear most expedient and best adapted to the Nature of the Country, and most effectual for the giving immediate Notice therein of any such Invasion, or Appearance of an Enemy upon the Coast.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person so ordered to be drawn out, assembled and embodied under this Act, and resident in the County or District for which he shall be enrolled when such Order or Proclamation is issued, or Signal made, and not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating him from Military Service, and not prevented by any inevitable Accident or Necessity, shall not appear and march in pursuance of such Order, or upon the making of any such general Signals of Alarm as aforesaid, every such Man shall be liable to be apprehended and punished as a Deserter, according to the Provisions of any Act which shall be then in force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and of the Articles of War made in pursuance of the same; and if any Person shall harbour and conceal any such Man when ordered to be embodied as aforesaid, knowing him to be enrolled under this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever His Majesty shall deem it expedient to order and direct that any Men enrolled for Military Service under this Act, or any Part, Proportion, or Class as aforesaid of such Men, shall be embodied under this Act, the Occasion of such Order shall be communicated to Parliament, if Parliament shall be then sitting, as early as the same can be done after the issuing of such Order; and if Parliament shall not be then sitting, then the Occasion of such Order shall be declared in Council, and notified by Proclamation.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That on and from the Day of drawing out, assembling and embodying the Men enrolled for Military Service in any County under this Act, - the Officers and Men of such County so drawn out, assembled and embodied, shall be entitled to the same Pay as the Officers and Men of His Majesty's other Infantry Forces; and if any Non Commissioned Officer, Drummer or private Man, shall be maimed or wounded in actual Service, he shall be entitled to the Benefit of Chelsea Hospital, in the same Manner as any Non Commissioned Officer, Drummer or private Man, belonging to any of His Majesty's Forces.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That when the Persons enrolled for Training and Exercising, and Service, under this Act as aforesaid, shall be ordered out into actual Service or embodied before Invasion, the Receiver General of the Rates and Duties, under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes for the County to which such Person shall belong, shall and is hereby required forthwith to pay to the Captain or other Commanding Officer of every Company of Persons so ordered out into actual Service, or to such other Person as the said Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants shall appoint to receive the same, the Sum of Two Pounds Two Shillings, and in case of being embodied before any Invasion, the Sum of Thirty Shillings, for each Person, for

" *Vi

A.D. 1806.

C. 90.

497

46° mo. III.

the Purpose of providing Necessaries; and all the Money so paid by the said Receiver General shall be allowed him in his Accounts.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That after the Defeat and Expulsion of the Enemy from the Realm, and Suppression of any such Rebellion or Insurrection, to be notified by His Majesty's Proclamation, all and every such Persons who shall have been so drawn out, assembled or embodied, under the Provisions of this Act, shall forthwith be returned to their respective Parishes; and it shall be lawful for His Majesty to order and direct that the Sum of One Guinea shall be paid, under the Direction of any General or other superior Officer under whose Command such Men shall then happen to be, to every such Person so permitted to return Home as aforesaid* over and above the usual Rate of Pay to which such Person shall be entitled, in order the better to enable him to return to his Parish.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Lord Lieutenant of any County, with the Approbation of His Majesty, to appoint any Deputy Lieutenant to act for him within the County, as Lieutenant thereof, during the necessary and unavoidable Absence, Sickness or other Disability of such Lord Lieutenant, and no longer, and to appoint any Deputy Lieutenant to act as Lieutenant of any Division of such County; and all Vice Lieutenants so appointed under this Act shall, from and after the passing thereof, rank within their respective Counties as Lieutenant Colonels of Militia; and all Lieutenants of Divisions so appointed under this Act, shall rank within their respective Counties as Majors of Militia; and all other Deputy Lieutenants acting as such in their respective Subdivisions, shall rank within their respective Counties as Captains of Militia.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the Warden of the Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns, and their Members, and in his Absence his Lieutenant or Lieutenants, and all Magistrates, Jurats, Constables, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and other Officers within the same, shall put in Execution within the said Ports, Towns and Members, all the Powers and Authorities given and granted by this Act, and do or cause to be done all Acts, Matters or Things thereby required, in like Manner as Lieutenants of Counties, and their Deputy Lieutenants, Constables, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and other Officers, may put in Execution all such Powers and Authorities, and do or cause to be done such Acts, Matters and Things respectively.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the Warden of the Stannaries, Special Deputy Warden, and all other Officers of the Stannaries in Great Britain, shall respectively, in obedience to His Majesty's Orders, to be issued for that Purpose, procure like Returns to be made, and all other Matters to be done, touching the Tinners of the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, according to the Customs of the Stannaries and Privileges of the working Tinners, as are hereby required to be done by the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants aforesaid, touching other Persons residing in the said Counties of Devon, and Cornwall, not entitled to the Benefit of such Privileges; and such Warden, Special Deputy Warden, and other Officers of the Stannaries, shall have such and the like Powers and Authorities to do and execute all and every the Mat-46 Geo. III. Kk ters

On Defeat and Expulsion of Enemy, &c. One Guinea paid to each Man returning Home.

Lord Lieutenants of Counties may, with the Approbation of His Majesty, appoint Deputy Lieutenants to act as Vice Lieutenants, &c.

Warden, &c, of Cinque Ports to execute this Act in like Manner as Lieutenants of Counties.

Warden of Stannaries, &c. to execute the Act in like Manner.

198

C. 90.

16° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Rank of such Wardens, &c.

Proviso for London.

Places not proceeding to ballot and enrol.

[Penalty.]

Such Fines levied by Court of Exchequer on Application of Attorney General.

How Deputy Lieutenants and Justices may act in Execution of this Act.

ters and Things which shall be so required to be done as aforesaid, as the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants of the several Counties have for doing the several Matters and Things hereby required to be done by them respectively.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Lord Warden and the Special Deputy Warden of the Stannaries shall have the same Military Command and Rank, and the Lord Warden the same Power of appointing a Special Deputy Warden to act in his Absence within the Stannaries, as the Lieutenants and Vice Lieutenants have in their respective Counties.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be 'construed to extend to the City of London.

L. And be it further enacted, That every Count) ^, Hundred and Parish, for which Men shall not have been ballotted and enrolled according to the Provisions of this Act, under any Order made for that Purpose, shall be subject to a Fine of Five Pounds for every Man required by this Act to be enrolled in such County, Hundred or Parish, remaining deficient in such Enrolment.

LI. And be it further enacted, That in case proper Returns of Enrolment under this Act for any County, Hundred or Parish, shall not have been made, it shall be lawful for the Court of Exchequer, on Application of His Majesty's Attorney General (if it shall see fit) to grant a Rule, calling upon the Treasurer of the County, the Chief Constable of the Hundred, or Constable of any Parish, in respect of which such Application shall be made, to shew Cause why such County, Hundred or Parish respectively should not be fined:and if no sufficient Cause be shewn to the Court within such Time as shall be specified in such Rule upon such Treasurer, Chief Constable, or Constables respectively, then to fine such County, Hundred or Parish, in respect of which such Application shall be made, in any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds per Man for every Man deficient on such Enrolment, and to cause such Fine to be levied by Distringas, or other Process applicable to the Nature of the Case, according to the Rules and Practice, of such Court, upon the Chief Constable or Clerk of Subdivision Meetings as to Hundreds, or upon the Constables and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish; and it shall also be lawful for the said Court of Exchequer thereafter to remit any such Fine or Fines, on Proof to the Satisfaction of the Court, that the proper Ballot and Enrolment have been executed under this Act, and duly returned.

LII. And be it further enacted, That where Deputy Lieutenants are by this Act directed or empowered to do any Act, Matter or Thing, in or concerning the Execution thereof, the same shall be good and valid if it be done by any One Deputy Lieutenant, or in the Absence of any Deputy Lieutenant, by One Justice of the Peace, except as to all such Matters as are directed to be done by Deputy Lieutenants acting in the Absence of a Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant, or at any General Meeting, or at any Subdivision Meeting held for the Purpose of making Apportionments:Provided always, that where Two Deputy Lieutenants only shall be able to attend any Subdivision Meeting for hearing Appeals, or making Apportionments, or superintending any Ballots or Enrolments under this Act, it shall be lawful for any One Justice of the

Peace,

A.D. 1806.

GEO. III. C. 90.

499

Peace, or Magistrate, or where One Deputy Lieutenant only shall be able to attend any such Meeting, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace, or Magistrates of the Division or District, to sit and act with such Deputy Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, with all such Powers and Authorities relating thereto, as are in this Act or any Act relating to the Militia, given to Deputy Lieutenants.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Recovery of Forfeitures, by this Act imposed, which shall exceed Fifteen Pounds Penalties above shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, m Courts at the Suit of His Majesty's Attorney General, or at the Suit of 0 Record* any Person appointed to sue for the same, by any Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, or Vice Lieutenants acting for any Lieutenant, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or the Courts of Great Session in the Principality of Wales, or the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster and Durham (as the Case shall require) , wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any One Justice of Justice of the Peace, or Deputy Lieutenant, residing near the Peace or Place where any Offence shall be committed against this Act, Deputy Lieu-which subjects the Offender to any pecuniary Penalty, not exceeding Fifteen Pounds, to hear and determine such Offence at any Months after Time within Six Months after the Offence committed; and such Offence) Justice of the Peace or Deputy Lieutenant shall, upon any In- determine formation exhibited, or Complaint made in that Behalf, summon Penalties not the Party accused, and also the Witnesses on either Side, and shall exceeclinS I5l< examine into the Matter of Fact; and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to give Judgment for the Penalty or Forfeiture, as by this Act is directed, and to issue his Warrant under his Hand and Seal for the levying any pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures so adjudged, on the Goods of the Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof in case they Distress, &c. shall not be redeemed within Six Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus, if any; and where the Goods of the Offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the Penalty, to commit such Offender to Prison, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Three Months, Imprisonment, unless such pecuniary Penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and if any Person or Persons shall find himself or themselves ag- A eal t grieved by the Judgment of any such Justice or Deputy Lieu- Quarter tenant, then he or they shall and may, upon giving Security to the Sessions. Amount or Value of such Penalty and Forfeiture, together with such Costs as shall be awarded in case such Judgment shall be affirmed, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions for the County, Riding or Place, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in case the Judgment shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such Justices to award Costs, the Person or Persons to pay such Costs occasioned by such Appeal, as to them shall seem meet.

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Witnesses shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence neglecting to

K k 2 before appear *

500

C. 90.

A.D. 1806.

Penalty 51.

Form of Conviction.

Penalties may be mitigated to One Half.

Orders or Conviction not removeable by Certiorari.

Penalties applied to Expences of training, &c.

46° GEO. III.

before such Justice or Deputy Lieutenant, touching any of the Matters relative to this Act, either on the Part of the Prosecutor or Persons accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such his, her or their Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed of by such Justice or Deputy Lieutenant before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, that then every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied and paid in such Manner, and by such Means, as is directed as to the other Penalties.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Deputy Lieutenant before whom any Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the Manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect, mutatis mutandis; (that is to say,)

4 TTEit remembered, That on the Day of in

the Year of our Lord in the County of

4 A.B. of was convicted before me One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace [or, One of the Deputy Lieutenants, as the Case may ] for the said County,

residing near the Place where the Offence was committed, for that the said A.B.on the Day of now last

past, did, contrary to the Form of the Statute in that Case made and provided [here state the Offence against the Act] and I do declare and adjudge that the said A.B. hath forfeited the Sum of

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such Justice or Deputy Lieutenant, to mitigate and lessen any such Penalty in such Manner as he shall see fit (reasonable Costs and Charges of the Officers and Informers, as well in making the Discovery as in prosecuting the same, being always allowed over and above such Mitigation) so as such Mitigation do not reduce the Penalty to less than One Moiety of the Penalty incurred, over and above the said Costs and Charges; any thing contained in this or any other Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order or Conviction made in pursuance of this Act by any Lieutenant, Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace, shall be removed by Certiorari into any Court whatever; and that no Writ of Certiorari shall supersede Execution, or other Proceedings, upon any such Order or Conviction, but that Execution and other Proceedings shall be had thereupon; any such Writ or Writs notwithstanding.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by any Officers or Persons concerned in the Execution of this Act, or incurred, paid or levied under any of the Provisions of this Act, relating to the Enrolment of any Persons under this Act, or to any Persons liable to be ballotted or enrolled under this Act, or under any of the Provisions relating thereto, shall go and be applied under any general or particular Order or Orders of One of His Majesty's principal Secretaries of State, in the Discharge of any Expences of any Training or Exercising under this Act, within the County, Riding or Place where the

same

46° GEO. III.

501

A.D. 1806.

C. 9G.

same shall arise, or any incidental Expences attending the Execution of this Act, within such County, Riding or Place.

LX. And be it further enacted, That the respective Clerks to Reward to the General Meetings of Lieutenancy, and Clerks to Subdivision Clerks and Meetings, and all other Officers and Persons whatsoever, entitled other Officers, under any Acts relating to the Militia to any Remuneration for their Pains and Labour in executing the Provisions of any Acts relating to the Militia, who shall execute the like or other Provisions of this Act to the Satisfaction of the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants, shall, for such Services respectively, receive such Rewards as are directed by the said Acts, or such future Reward for their Pains and Trouble in and about the executing this Act, as the Deputy Lieutenants assembled at any Meeting held for that Purpose, at which not less than Five Deputy Lieutenants shall be present, shall think reasonable and proper, and Certificate, shall certify under their Hands; and such respective Rewards shall, on the Production of such Certificates so signed as aforesaid, to the respective Receivers General in England, be paid out of any Public Monies in their Hands, and be allowed in their Accounts.

i(General Issue. — Treble Costs. § 61. Act may be altered, &c.

" this Session. § 62.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

RULES and REGULATIONS relating to Persons enrolled under an Act for the Defence of the Realm.

All Persons trained under this Act to be allowed Pay for Twenty four Days, at One Shilling per Day.

To attend at the Places and Times fixed for Exercise, and obey all Orders of Officers or Serjeants relating to Training and Exercising, during Times of Exercise; to take due Care of Arms; and to deposit them where required.

Forfeiture of Pay, and Ten Shillings for every Day short of Eight Days in each Four Months, if Days shall be so appointed; or for every Day short of Twenty four Days, if Days shall be appointed yearly.

Persons not having or receiving any Annual Sums, of Money, Profits, Gains, Allowance or other Income, amounting in the Whole to One hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum, to forfeit Five Shillings instead of Ten Shillings, for each of such Absences.

Persons not having any annual Sum of Money, Profits, Gains, Allowances or other Income, amounting in the Whole to Fifty Pounds per Annum, to forfeit Two Shillings instead of Ten Shillings for each of such Absences.

Persons excused from Poor Rates, or being Part of the Family of any Persons excused from Poor Rates by reason of Poverty, and who are by reason thereof exempt from the Payment of such Rates and Duties, to forfeit Two Shillings instead of Ten Shillings, for each of such Absences.

FINES FOR NON ATTENDANCE.

Kk 3

Persons

502

C. 90.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Persons prevented by Illness, certified by Physician, Surgeon or Apothecary actually practising, or Clergyman and Constable, to Satisfaction of Deputy Lieutenant, or Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, to forfeit only Pay.

Persons absent on Business, and making good Da}?s on any succeeding Period, to have Fines returned for such Days, by Order of Deputy Lieutenant or Justice, on Certificate of Serjeant and Constable.

Persons removing during the Year from the Parish or Place of Residence, to have a Certificate of Exercise up to the Time of Removal from the Officer or Serjeant, or, in the Absence of any Officer or Serjeant, the Constable or other Peace Officer of the Parish or Place (which they are hereby required to give on Demand thereof, without Fee or Reward).

On Production of such Certificate to any Deputy Lieutenant, or Justice of the Peace of the Division, or to the Officer, Serjeant or Constable of the Parish or Place to which such Person shall remove, such Person to be entered as if ballotted in such Parish or Place, and to be there trained and exercised, and to have Credit for the Days of Exercise contained in his Certificate.

Producing of such Certificate, and conforming to Regulations of this Act in Parish or Place of subsequent Residence, to exempt from Fines for Nonattendance in the first Parish or Place.

During Absence from Parish, Certificate of Training and Exercise in any other Parish to be received, and to exempt from Fines in Parish of Enrolment for those Days.

Persons enrolled, and afterwards leaving Great, and giving

Notice to Constable, discharged from Penalties for not Training and Exercising, so long as he shall continue out of Great Britain.

Persons absent for temporary Purposes only, from the Parish of Enrolment, and Training and Exercising, who shall on Return prove to Satisfaction of any Deputy Lieutenant, or Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, that he could not train and exercise during such Absence, either by reason of travelling, or not continuing a sufficient Length of Time in One Place, or there being no Training and Exercising in the Parishes or Places in which he shall have been during such Absence, may, by such Deputy Lieutenant, or Justice or Magistrate, be discharged from Fines during such Absence.

For MISCONDUCT.

For irregular Conduct, or not behaving in an orderly Manner, or disobeying the lawful Commands of any Officer or Serjeant commanding or training, or exercising, to forfeit Pay of the Day, or Pay of the Day and any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, at the Discretion of any Justice of the Peace, Magistrate or Deputy Lieutenant.

Officer or Serjeant empowered to deliver any such Person into the Custody of the Constable, to be by him taken before a Justice of the Peace, or Deputy Lieutenant, so that such Person shall not be kept in Custody for any Night previous to being taken before a Magistrate.

All

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 90, 91.

503

All Fines may b6 levied by Distress under the Act; and, if no Distress, Offender may be imprisoned for any Period not exceeding Two Days for Nonpayment of any Fine not exceeding Five Shillings, and not exceeding Five Days for any Fine not exceeding Twenty Shillings, in Addition to any adjudged Imprisonment.

MUSTER ROLLS to be kept by Serjeant and Constables, to be returned to Clerk of Subdivision Meetings, and to Commanding Officer of District.

Roll to be called at the Hour of Meeting.

Persons coming after Roll Call not to be entitled to be inserted in Muster.

Serjeants and Constable to give Certificate, on Demand, to every Person belonging to any other Parish, who shall train and exercise, of his having trained and exercised according to the Act, and of the Number of Days, specifying the Days on which he shall have so exercised.

Serjeant or Constable taking any Money or Bribe, or Gift of any Sort, for any false Muster, or for the Training or Exercising of any Men, or for any Certificate, to be fined Ten Pounds, and Treble the Money or Value of Gift received, and imprisoned at Discretion of the Justice, or Deputy Lieutenant, not exceeding Two Months, (to be recovered and applied as any Penalty or Forfeiture under Fifteen Pounds may be recovered under this Act).

Fines to be collected by Constable, or any Overseer of the Poor, and to be paid to Overseer of the Poor, and the Account kept by them of Amount.

To be subject to Distribution according to Orders, under the Act.

Deputy Lieutenant may, with Approbation of Lieutenant, and His Majesty, establish Rewards for Skill in firing at Target with Ball, under any Regulation to be approved of by General Officer of the District, and Lieutenant, to be defrayed out of Fines.

CAP. XCI.

An Act for the Return of correct Lists of Persons liable to1 serve in the Militia, under an Act passed in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty; and to suspend the Ballot for the Militia in England for Two Years.

[16th 1806*.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty second Year of the 42 G.3. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia: And Whereas it is expedient His Ma- §26.

jesty should be empowered to direct that new Lists should be forthwith made out and returned, under the said Act, of Persons liable to serve, and that Provision should be made for the altering and amending such Lists Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

K k 4 present

c. 90.

C. 91.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

504

His Majesty roay direct Lieutenants of Countiesto take Measures for giving Notice by Constables, and obtaining Hetums under 42 G.3. c. 90.

§ 26.

Constables to make out Lists, &c.

Returns to specify Ages of Persons, who shall be classed according to Schedules annexed.

His Majesty may order other Classes to be returned, and in other Forms.

Parochial Officers to assist Constables in making out Lists.

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, at any Time after the passing of this Act, in case it shall appear to Him to be necessary, to direct the Lord Lieutenants of the several Counties, Ridings and Places in England, or in their Absence the Vice Lieutenants, or any Three Deputy Lieutenants authorized to act for any Lord Lieutenant, by Precept under his or their Hand and Seal, to require the High Constable of each Subdivision, Hundred, Rape, Lath and Wapentake within their respective Counties, Ridings and Places, to direct, by Warrant or Order under their Hands, the several Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs or other Officers of every Parish, Tything or Place within the respective Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes or other Divisions of their respective Counties, Ridings and Places, to give or leave Notice, within Seven Days after the Receipt of any such Order, to or with all Occupiers of Houses and Apartments within the Limits of their respective Authorities, to make Returns according to the Provision of the said recited Act; and such Constables shall, within Ten Days after the Delivery of such Notices, make out Lists, and give Notice of such Lists in Manner therein directed, by affixing Copies of such Lists in conspicuous Places, according to the Provisions of the said Act, and give Notices as therein directed of the Days, Times and Places for hearing Appeals on such Lists.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every such Return to such Notices, delivered to the Constables or other Officers aforesaid, and every Return hereafter to be made under the said recited Act, or any other Act relating to the Militia, shall specify the Ages of and other Particulars relating to the Persons returned therein, according to the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A.); and when such Return shall not have been made, such Ages and other Particulars shall be specified by the Constables in their Returns, according to the best of their Belief; and the Persons so returned shall be classed by the Clerks of Subdivision Meetings, according to their several Ages, and other Circumstances, in the Form and in the Classes in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B.) , and shall in like Manner be classed according to the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (C.) , in the Returns to be made by the Clerks of General Meetings to the Privy Council.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order given by One of His Principal Secretaries of State, to direct that the Persons to be returned under this Act, or any Act relating to the Militia, shall be arranged in any other Classes as to Age, Marriage, Children or other Circumstances, and to require Returns to be made to the Constables, and by Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings respectively, according to any such Classes, and in such other Forms as His Majesty shall by any such Order please to direct.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the respective Ministers and Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, and other Parochial Officers in every Parish, Tything or Place, shall, and they are hereby required, to aid and assist by every lawful Means in their Power, the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs and other Officers, in making out the Lists required to be returned by

them

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 91.

505

them under this Act, or any Act relating to the Militia, in their respective Parishes, Tythings and Places.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any such Lists shall be required under this Act, the Lord Lieutenants, Vice or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, shall order and direct that Subdivision Meetings shall be appointed to be held at such Times and Places as they shall direct, not exceeding One Month after the Precepts to the High Constables shall have been so issued as aforesaid, for the Purpose of hearing Appeals thereon, and for correcting such Lists and such Subdivision Meetings shall thereupon assemble, and hear such Appeals and correct such Lists; and the Clerks of such Subdivision Meetings shall, within Seven Days after such Meeting, make out correct Abstracts of such Lists, and transmit the same to the Clerks of General Meetings, on pain of forfeiting for any Neglect therein the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and every Clerk of General Meetings shall, upon the Receipt of such Abstracts, within Seven Days, make out correct Abstracts thereof, and return the same to His Majesty's Privy Council, on pain of forfeiting for every Neglect therein the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

VI. And Whereas an Act was passed in- the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional Force for the Defence of the Realm; and to provide for augmenting His Majesty's Regular Forces, and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia England,

whereby Provision was made for the gradual Reduction of the Militia raised in the several Counties in , under an Act

passed in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, to the original Quotas specified as to such Counties in the said last mentioned Act (a): And Whereas a certain other Act was passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for allowing a certain Proportion of the Militia in Great Britain,

voluntarily to inlist into His Majesty's Regular Forces and Royal Marines, whereby the Militia in Great Britain was allowed to be

reduced to the original Quotas so specified as aforesaid, by the voluntary enlisting of Men from the Militia into His Majesty's Regular Forces and Royal Marines: And Whereas, notwithstanding the said last recited Acts, the Number of Men serving in the Militia in England still exceeds in the Whole the Number of Militia required to be raised (exclusive of the Supplementary Militia) under the said recited Act of the Forty second Year of His present Majesty: And Whereas it is expedient that the Ballot should be still further suspended Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Ballot for the enrolling any M&n to serve in the Militia in, or for the sup-

plying any Vacancy which may arise therein, shall take place until the full End and Term of Two Years after the passing of this Act. (a) [Cap. 51. ante.]

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, at any Time within such Period of Two Years as aforesaid, if He shall think fit to order and direct by any Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, that such Ballot shall take place for the Purpose of supplying any Vacancies, or any Proportion of any Vacancies which may have arisen in the Militia of any County, Riding or Place, after the Militia thereof shall have been

reduced

Meetings to be held for hearing Appeals and correcting Lists.

Clerks to make out Lists, &c.

Penalty 1001. Clerks of General Meetings to return to Privy Council. Penalty 2001.

44 G. 3. c

45 G. 3. c. 31.

Ballot for Militia in England suspended for Two Years.

His Majesty may order Ballot for supplying Vacancies in original Quota, under 42 G.3. c. 90. § 19.

506

C. 91.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Powers of 42 G.3. c. 90. or any other Act relating to the Militia extended to Act.

Act may be altered, &c. tills Session.

reduced to the Quota specified in the said recited Act of the Forty second Year aforesaid; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in the said Act of the Forty second Year of His Majesty's Reign, or in any other Acts relative to the Militia of England, shall, as far as the same are applicable and can be applied for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, and are not hereby altered, varied or repealed, be applied for the Purposes of this Act, in as full and ample a Manner as if the said Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things were again repeated and enacted in this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers. SCHEDULE (A.)

Take Notice, That you are hereby required, within Two Days from the Date hereof, to prepare and produce a List in Writing, to the best of your Belief, of the Christian Name and Surname of each and every Man resident in your Dwelling House, between the Ages of Eighteen and Forty five, distinguishing in such last the several Particulars mentioned in the Columns thereof; and you are to sign such List with your own Name, and to deliver or cause the same to be delivered to me.

Dated the Day of

A.B. Constable.

Names. Description. 1 *a8v 1 Whether any Child, and if any, whether any under 14. Exempt or not Exempt from Militia. Grounds of Exemption. Effective Volunteer or Yeoman, Licensed Teacher not carrying on Trade, or Medical Practitioner actually practising.

A.B. Housekeeper 40 Childunder 14 Exempt Clergyman.

C.D. Servant 28 None Not -

E. F. Lodger 24 None Not — Volunteer —

G. H. Inmate 30 None Not — Yeomanry Corps —

N.B. If any House is divided into distinct Stories or Apartments occupied distinctly, each distinct Occupier is required to make this Return.

Neglect of Compliance with this Notice will subject the Party to a Penalty of Ten Pounds.

Take Notice, That the f Day of at the

Hour of in the noon, is appointed for hearing

Appeals within this Subdivision, by Persons claiming to be exempt from serving in the

A.J3.Constable of

SCHEDULE (B.)

RETURN to be made by the Constable to the Clerk of the Subdivision Meeting.

Names. Description. Age. If any Child, and if any, whether any under 14. Exempt or not exempt from Militia. Grounds of Exemption. Effective Volunteer or Yeoman. Licensed Teacher not carrying on Trade, or Medical Practitioner actually practising.

A.B. C.D. E. F. G. H. I. K. L. M. Housekeeper Servant Lodger Inmate Housekeeper Housekeeper 40 28 24 19 41 34 Child under 14 None C 3 Children 1 I not under 14 3 None Exempt Not exempt Not exempt Exempt f Officer of I Marines J Apprentice f Effective 1 I Volunteer 3 f Practising I Apothecary

o

o

eg

FT

A.D. 1806. 46° GEO. III. C. 91. 507

SCHEDULE (C.)

RETURN to be made by Clerk of Subdivision Meeting to Clerk of General Meeting.

Parish. Descriptions of Persons liable to serve. Total liable to serve. Persons exempt from serving. Total exempt.

Having no Children. Having Children. Yeomanry and Volunteers. Army, Marines, Sea Fencibles. Clergy, Licensed Teachers, Medical Men and Constables Infirm.

Under 30. Above 30. No Child under 14?. Any Child under 14.

A. 130 150 120 135 535 82 10 4 8 104

B. 210 200 214? . 225 849 100 20 10 12 142

C.

General 1

Totals. }

O

508 C. 91. 16? GEO. III. A.D. JSOC.

SCHEDULE (D.)

RETURN to be made by Clerk of General Meetings to the Privy Council.

Subdivision. Descriptions of Persons liable to serve. Totals liable to serve. Persons exempt from serving. Total exempt.

Having no Children. Having Children. Yeomanry and Volunteers. Army, Marines, Sea Fencibles. Clergy, Licensed Teachers, Medical Men and Constables Infirm.

Under 30. Above 30. No Child under 14. Any Child under 14.

A. 500 34-0 420 400 1, 660 300 50 20 30 400

B.

C.

General ]

Totals, j

O

n

Or

O.

ro -hi -oao °9> wvcrv

510

C. 92.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

42 G.3. c. 81.

§5.

Penalties under recited Act, in case of Offences in Scotland, may be sued for in the Court of Session, &c.

41 G.3.(U.K.) c. 7. §5.

CAP. XCII.

An Act to amend Three Acts, made in the Thirty fifth, Forty first and Forty second Years of His present Majesty, relating to the Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post.

[16th 1806*.]

WHEREAS an ^Ct niacle *n tIie Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for < amending so much of an Act passed the Seventh Year of the (Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the, em-i bezzling or destroying any Letter or Packets sent by the, ‘ and for the better Protection of such Letters and Packets; and *for more effectually preventing Letters and Packets being sent 6otherwise than by the Post; it was among other Things enacted, c that from and after the passing of the said Act, no Person or 4 Persons whatsoever should send, or cause to be sent or conveyed,

or tender or deliver, in order to be sent or conveyed otherwise than by the Post, or by and with the Authority and Consent of the Postmaster General for the time being, or his Deputy or Deputies, or to the nearest or most convenient Post Town, to be from thence forwarded by the Post, any Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets of Letters, on pain of forfeiting for every such Offence against the Tenor of the said Act the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered and applied as in the said Act is directed: And 4 Whereas no Provision is made by the said Act for recovering the Penalties thereby inflicted in the Case of Offences committed in that Part of Great Britain called, whereby Offenders

against the said Acts have avoided the Penalties thereby intended to be inflicted May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, all and every the pecuniary Penalties in the said recited Act mentioned and thereby imposed, shall and may, in the Case of any Offence against the aforesaid Act, which shall be committed in that Part of Great Britain called,

be sued for and recovered in His Majesty's Court of Sessions, Court of Justiciary, or Court of Exchequer in Scotland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, with full Costs of Suit, by any Person who shall and will inform and sue for the same; One Moiety thereof to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Use of the Person who shall so inform and sue for the same.

II. And Whereas by an Act, made in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled Act for repealing the Rates and Duties of Postage in Great Britain, and granting other Rates and Duties in lieu thereof and on Letters conveyed to or from amj Part of the United Kingdom from or to any Place out of the said Kingdom, and by Packet Boats from or to the Ports of Holyhead and Milford Haven; it was amongst other Things enacted, that from and after the passing of the said Act,

4 it should be lawful to and for His Majesty's Post Master General

19 4 to

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 92.

511

(to undertake, at the Expence of the Revenue of the Post Office,

the Conveyance and Delivery of Letters directed to Persons i abiding in Towns, Villages and Places (not being Post Towns),

‘ from the respective Post Towns to which such Letters should be ‘ carried by the Post in the usual Manner; and also the Collec-e tion and Conveyance of Letters in and from Towns, Villages and ‘ Places, in order to be sent by the Post, and to take such Sum ‘ and Sums of Money for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and ‘ Successors, for such respective extra Services to be performed,

‘ as should and might be mutually agreed upon by and between i the Postmaster General and the Inhabitants respectively: And ‘ Whereas it may be expedient to give Permission to the Post 6 Master General to collect, convey and deliver Letters in and (from Towns, Villages and Places, although such Letters may not i have been previously sent by the Post, or may not be intended ‘ to be forwarded by the Post Be it therefore enacted, That Postmaster from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful General may to and for His Majesty's Post Master General, in his Discretion, undertake to undertake, at the Expence of the said Revenue, the Conveyance Lettersto°^ and Delivery of Letters directed to Persons abiding in Towns, fro^PlSesnot Villages and Places (not being Post Towns) , from any other post Towns, as Towns, Villages and Places, (not being Post Towns); and also the agreed between Collection and Conveyance of Letters in and from any Towns, him aacl Villages and Places (not being Post Towns) , to any other Towns, InhabltantsJ Villages and Places (not being Post Towns); and to take such Sum and Sums of Money for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for such respective extra Services to be performed, as shall and may from time to time be mutually agreed upon by and between the Post Master General and the Inhabitants respectively.

III. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, Such Inhabi-That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to tants not preextend, to hinder or prevent the Inhabitants of any such Towns, vented from Villages and Places respectively from carrying or recarrying or *pl°ying employing any Messenger, Servant or other Person, to carry or caiT^Letters? recarry any Letters or Packets to or from such Towns, Villages

and Places respectively; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Monies to arise and be Produce of

received for such extra Services as aforesaid shall, after paying Rates applied the Expences incurred, be applied in such Manner as the present ^Present Rates of Postage are by Law applicable. tes ’

" 35 G. 3. c. 53. §7, 8. (respecting Letters sent by the Post from " or to Noncommissioned Officers, Seamen or Privates in Navy or " Army at a low Rate of Postage,) recited and repealed. § 5.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Seamen in the Day of August One thousand eight hundred and six, it shall be Royal Navy lawful to and for each and every Seaman employed in His Ma- may send single jesty’s Navy within any Part of His Majesty's Dominions, whilst such Seaman shall be actually employed in His Majesty's Service, one PemfyfoE and not otherwise, to send Single Letters by the Post on his own each, under the private Concern only, at the Rate of One Penny only for each Regulations such Letter, the same to be paid upon putting the same into the h.erein men~ Post Office of the Town or Place from whence such Letter is in- tioned *

tended

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

512

Seamen may receive Single Letters, free from Postage, One Penny having been paid when put into the Post Office; under Regulations herein mentioned.

Not to extend - to Officers.

Serjeants, &c. and Privates of the Army, &c. may send Letters in like Manner, on paying One Penny for each, &c.

[Proviso.]

[Proviso.]

Andmayreceive Letters free from Postage,

C. 92.

tended to be sent by the Post: Provided nevertheless, that upon every such Letter so to be sent, the Name of the Writer, and his Class or Description in the Ship or Vessel to which he shall belong, shall be superscribed; and provided also, that upon every such Letter there shall be written, in the Hand Writing of and signed by the Officer having at the Time the Command of the Ship or Vessel, his Name and the Name of the Ship or Vessel commanded by him.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and six, it shall and may be lawful to and for each and every Seaman employed in His Majesty's Navy, within any Part of His Majesty's Dominions, whilst such Seaman shall be actually employed in His Majesty's Service and not otherwise, to receive by the Post on his own Private Concerns only, free from Postage, Single Letters; provided that the Sum of One Penny for the Postage of each Single Letter shall be paid upon putting the same into a Post Office established under the Authority of His Majesty's Post Master General; and provided also, that every such Letter shall be directed to such Seaman, specifying on the Superscription thereof the Ship or Vessel to which he shall belong; and provided likewise, that it shall not be lawful for the Deputy Postmaster of the Town or Place to which such Letter shall be sent to be delivered, to deliver such Letter to any Person except the Seaman to which such Letter shall be directed, or to some Person appointed to receive the same, by Writing, under the Hand of the Officer having the Command of the Ship or Vessel to which such Seaman shall belong: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to Letters sent by or to Commissioned Officers or Warrant Officers, Midshipmen or Masters Mates.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and six, it shall and may be lawful to and for each and every Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, Trumpeter, Fifer and Private Soldier in His Majesty's Regular Forces, Militia, Fencible Regiments, Artillery or Royal Marines, within any Part of His Majesty's Dominions whilst such Serjeant, Corporal, Trumpeter, Drummer, Fifer and Private Soldier respectively shall be actually employed in His Majesty's Service, and not otherwise, to send Single Letters by the Post, on his and their own private Concerns only, at the Rate of One Penny only for each such Letter, the same to be paid when putting the same into the Post Office in the Town or Place from whence such Letter is intended to be sent by the Post: Provided nevertheless, that upon every such Letter so to be sent, the Name of the Writer and his Class or Description in the Regiment, Corps or Detachment to which he shall belong shall be subscribed; and provided also, that upon every such Letter there shall be written in the Hand Writing of, and signed by the Officer having at the Time the Command of the Regiment, Corps or Detachment his Name, and the Name of the Regiment, Corps or Detachment commanded by him,

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and six, it shall and may be lawful to and for each and every Serjeant, Corporal,

Trumpeter,

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 92.

513

Trumpeter, Drummer, Fifer and Private Soldier in His Majesty's One Penny Regular Forces, Militia, Fencible Regiments, Artillery or Marines, having been within any Part of His Majesty's Dominions, whilst such Serjeant, PaK* Put Corporal, Trumpeter, Drummer, Fifer and Private Soldier shall be QgjCg £C°"st actually employed in His Majesty's Service, and not otherwise, to receive by the Post, on his or their own private Concerns only, free from Postage, Single Letters; provided that the Sum of One Penny for the Postage of each such Letter shall be paid upon putting the same into a Post Office established under the Authority of His Majesty's Post Master General; and provided also, that Proviso, every such Letter shall be directed to such Serjeant, Corporal,

Trumpeter, Drummer, Fifer and Private Soldier, specifying on the Superscription thereof "the Name of the Regiments, Corps or Detachment to which he shall belong; and provided likewise that it Proviso, shall not be lawful for the Deputy Postmaster of the Town or Place to which such Letter shall be sent to be delivered, to deliver such Letter to any Person, except the Serjeant, Corporal, Trumpeter, Drummer, Fifer and Private Soldier to whom such Letter shall be directed, or to some Person appointed to receive the same, by Writing under the Hand of the Officer having the Command of the Regiment, Corps or Detachment to which such Serjeant, Corporal, Trumpeter, Drummer, Fifer and Private Soldier shall belong.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Not to extend herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to Letters to Officers, sent by or to Commissioned Officers, or Warrant Officers.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person having the Commanders Command of the Ship, Vessel, Regiment, Corps or Detachment, of Ships, &c. and who is hereby authorized to write his Name and the Name of [ers noHrom" the Ship, Vessel, Regiment, Corps or Detachment commanded by Seamen, him, upon any Single Letter from any such Seaman, Serjeant, Corporal, Trumpeter, Drummer, Fifer and Private Soldier, shall wilfully and knowingly write his Name upon any such Letter that is

not from any such Seaman, Serjeant, Corporal, Trumpeter, Drummer, Fifer and Private Soldier, and on his or their own private Concerns only, such Commanding Officer shall for every such Of- Penalty 51. fence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, not having Persons not at the Time the Command of the Ship, Vessel, Regiment, Corps beinS 511011 or Detachment, shall write his Name upon any such Letter, in Commanders order that the same may be sent at a lower Rate of Postage than ran ms* by Law established, every such Person shall, for every such Of- ^enalty 5b fence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Addressing

whomsoever shall knowingly and designedly address a Letter or Letters to Letters to any such Seaman, Serjeant, Corporal, Trumpeter, Seamen, &c. Drummer, Fifer and Private Soldier, which shall be intended for °F

another Person, or which shall be concerning the Affairs of another

Person, with Intent to evade the Pa3?ment of the Rate of Postage by Law established, every such Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Penalty 51. Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Obtaining whomsoever shall procure any such Seaman* Serjeant, Corporal, Signature of

46 Geo. III. L1 Trumpeter,

514

Commanding Officer to Letters not on private Concerns of Seamen, &c.

Penalty 51.

Recovery and

Application

Penalties,

0. 92, 93, 94. 46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Trumpeter, Drummer, Fifer or Private Soldier, to.obtain the Signature of his Commanding Officer to any Letter or Letters to be sent by the Post, which shall not be on the private Concerns of such Seaman, Serjeant, Corporal, Trumpeter, Drummer, Fifer and Private Soldier; or if any such Seaman, Serjeant, Corporal, Trumpeter, Drummer, Fifer and Private Soldier shall himself obtain the Signature of his Commanding Officer upon any Letter or Letters which shall not be from such Seaman, Serjeant, Corporal, Trumpeter, Drummer, Fifer or Private Soldier, and upon his own private Concerns only, in order to avoid the Payment of the Rates of Postage as by Law established, each and every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted, That One Moiety of the several Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed upon any Offender or Offenders against the same shall be to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Person who shall and will inform and sue for the same; and shall and may be recovered before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Riding, Town or Place where the Offence shall be committed, either by the voluntary Confession of the Party, or upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath or Oaths the said Justice or Justices is hereby authorized and required to administer,) and in default of Payment it shall and may be lawful for such Justice and Justices to commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction for any Space, (not exceeding One Month,) or until such Forfeiture or Penalty shall be sooner paid.

[As to Seamen and Soldiers serving in the East, sending

and receiving Letters free, see 55 3. c. 153. § 25; and the Powers of this Act extended to that Act. §26.}

CAP. XCIII.

An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great, for the Year One

thousand eight hundred and six.

[16th 1806.]

CAP. XCIV.

An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of I to contract for the Purchase of the Duties of Prisage and Butlerage in Ireland.

[16th 1806.]

WHEREAS the Right Honourable Walter Earl of Ormonde (W and Ossory is or claims to be entitled to the Prisage and

* Butlerage of all Wines brought into any of the Ports, Havens,

Creeks, Rivers and other Places within Ireland: And Whereas (it would tend to uniformity in the Collection and Application of ithe Revenue of Customs in Ireland, if the said Duties of Prisage

‘ and Butlerage were, by the Consent of the said Earl, to be re-

15 vested

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 94, 95.

SIS

‘vested in the Crown for the Public Service; ’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Com- Treasury of missioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland em-Ireland for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or the Powered to con-Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the time being on Behalf of Earl of1 Or-6 His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to treat, contract and m0nde and agree with the said Walter Earl of Ormonde and or any Ossory for the

other Person or Persons claiming or to claim under or by virtue Purchase of his of the respective Grants or Letters Patent under which the said p*f

Earl is or claims to be entitled to the same, for the absolute Pur- Buderag^of chase or Surrender of all such Estate, Right, Title and Interest, Wines broughjt as he or they has or have or shall be entitled to claim in and to into Ireland, the Prisage and Butlerage of Wines brought into any of the Ports,

Havens, Creeks, Rivers and other Places in, and of all the

Rights, Privileges, Profits and other Advantages whatsoever thereunto belonging, for such Annuity or Sum of Money, or- both, to be charged upon and payable out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, at such Times and in such Manner, and upon and subject ' to such Terms and Conditions for Redemption thereof or otherwise relating thereto, as the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the time being, shall think fit, and as shall be agreed upon in that Behalf.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Contract not Contract which shall be entered into as aforesaid, shall be binding binding unless on His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or shall be carried into Effect, unless and until the same shall be sanctioned and confirmed en ’

by Act of Parliament.

[Agreement for Purchase confirmed, 50 3. 101. — Duties

abolished in Ireland, 51 G. 3. c. 51.

CAP. XCV.

An Act for the more effectually regulating and providing for the Relief of the Poor, and the Management of Infirmaries and Hospitals in Ireland.

[16th July 1806.]

i \\J WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in i the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of His pre- 11 & 12 G. 3. f sent Majesty, intituled An Act for badging such Poor as shall be c, 3°* (L)

i found unable to support themselves by Laband otherwise -

* viding for them, and for restraining such as shall be found able i to support themselves, by Labour or Industry from begging, it is,

* among other Things enacted, that a Corporation shall be erected $

‘ in every County, and County of a City or Town in Ireland, for

* the Relief of the Poor, in Manner therein mentioned; and that, § 9 *

‘ in order to create some Revenues for! the said Corporations, the

* Grand Juries of every County and County of a City or Town ‘ may present, at the Spring Assizes, the Sums in the said Act ‘ mentioned to be raised off such Counties and Counties of Cities

* and Towns respectively i And Whereas by an Act made in the

L 1 2 Parliament

516

23 & 24 G. 3. c. 58.

Where Judge satisfied that Corporation for the Poor of any County, &c. is properly managed, or where a House of Industry is building, Grand Juries may make further Presentments at Summer Assizes for Purposes of recited Acts.

Where a Lunatic Asylum is connected with a House of Industry, and no Presentment under 27 G.3. (I.) c. 39. Grand Juries may present 1001. at Summer Assizes.

c. 95. 4-6 GEO. III. A.D. 1800.

4 Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty third and Twenty fourth ‘ Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to explain the said recited Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty,

4 Provision was'made for encreasing the Funds of the said Corporations by further Presentments: And Whereas, in consequence of the Lapse of Time, and the Increase in the Price of Provisions which have taken Place since the said recited Acts, it is expedient to increase the Amount of the Sums to be presented and levied in Manner hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in case it shall be made appear, by any Member of any such Corporations, to the Satisfaction of the Judge of Assize before whom the Summer Assizes shall be held in any Year in and for any County, County of a City or County of a Town in,

that the Corporation instituted under the said first recited Act, for the Relief of the Poor in such County, County of a City or County of a Town, is properly regulated and conducted, and that on a Comparison of the Expences incurred for the Objects relieved in the former Year, it is expedient that any greater Sum than the Sums mentioned in the said recited Acts should be presented and levied, or in Case it shall be made appear to such Judge that a House of Industry is at the Time of such Assizes in the Course of being built, and that it is expedient to provide for the Expence of building the same, it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of such County, County of a City or County of a Town respectively, and such Grand Jury is hereby authorized at such Summer Assizes to present any such Sum or Sums of Money as shall, together with the Sums presented under the said recited Acts or either of them amount, in any County of a City or County of a Town, to a Sum not less in the Whole than Four hundred Pounds nor more than Five hundred Pounds, and in any County at large to a Sum not less than Five hundred Pounds nor more than Seven hundred Pounds; and the Whole of the said Sums (not exceeding the Amount aforesaid) so presented at the said Assizes shall be raised and levied, in such Manner and Form, and shall be applied to such Purposes as are directed by the said recited Acts with respect to the Sums directed to be presented, raised and levied under the said recited Acts.

II. And be it further enacted, That where a Lunatic Asylum, or any Ward or Wards for the Reception and Support of Idiots and insane Persons, is connected with or under the Direction of’any House of Industry in any County, County of a City, or County of a Town in Ireland, and where no Presentment shall have been made for any Ward or Wards for the Reception of Idiots or Lunatics in any Hospital or Infirmary of such County, County of a City, or County of a Town, under or by virtue of an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for amending and carrying more effectually into force the several Laws now in being for regulating the public Gaols and Prisons throughout this, and it shall and

may

A.D. 1806.

4-6° GEO. III. C. 95.

517

may be lawful for the Grand Jury at any such Summer Assizes, and such Grand Jury is hereby authorized to present such Sum or Sums, not exceeding the Sum of One hundred Pounds, as shall appear to be necessary for the Support of such Asylum or Ward connected with such House of Industry; and such Sum shall be raised off the County at large, and levied and applied accordingly.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Grand Juries

for the Grand Jury of any County, County of a City, or County may present 5U of a Town, at the Spring and Summer Assizes in any Year, and at and

each Easter and Michaelmas Term in the County of Dublin, and Assizes for In-such Grand Jury is hereby authorized to present a Sum not ex- spector of Gaol ceeding Five Pounds Sterling each, to be paid to the Inspector of and Distributor the Gaol, and also to the Distributor of the County Allowance of of Bread, in Bread to the Prisoners confined in the Gaol of such County,

County of a Town or City, in Addition to such Sum and Sums as the Grand Jury are now empowered to present for those Purposes, under and by virtue of the said Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for amending and carrying more effectually into

force the several Lavas novo in being for regulating the public Gaols and Prisons throughout this Kingdom, or under or by virtue of any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in every City and Town in Ireland, where no special Provision is made by any Local Act for levying Money presented, in which the Amount of any Presentments for the several Purposes mentioned in this Act, and the several Acts hereinbefore recited, is levied by an Assessment on Houses, according to the Valuation of the same, for the Payment of Ministers’ Money, no Part of any Sum which shall at any Time from and after the passing of this Act be presented by any Grand Jury for the Purposes of this Act, or any of the said several recited Acts mentioned, shall be assessed on or levied off any House or Premises which shall be valued for the Payment of Ministers’ Money, at any less Rate or Value than the Sum of Five Pounds Annual Rent; any thing in this Act or the several Acts hereinbefore recited, or any of them, to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Part of any jjor on Houses such Sum so presented shall be assessed or levied off any House in which no situate or within any City or Town Corporate in Ireland, touching Shop is kept, or the Mode of levying of Money by Presentment, wherein no Local Lhluors sold. Provision is made by Law, in which House no Shop shall he kept for the Sale of any Goods, or in which no Spirituous or other Liquors shall be sold, and which shall be wholly or in Part set for Lodgings, and occupied by Lodgers, each Lodger not subject to a Rent of Five Pounds yearly, or (if such House shall be partly inhabited by the Owner and partly by such Lodgers) the Part in-r habited by the Owner not being worth Five Pounds yearly; any thing in this Act, or the several Acts hereinbefore recited, or any of them, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And Whereas it is expedient ftp obtain Information of the

* State of the several County Infirmaries in , and of the

* several other Infirmaries and Hospitals of Royal and Public

* Foundation in Ireland, and of the proper Application of the

L 1 3 ‘ Funds

occupied by Lodgers under 51. per Year.

aaoiuou co Sums under 26 G. 3. c. 27. §3.

No Sums under this, or recited Act, levied on Houses in Cities, &c. rated at less than 51. to Ministers’ Money;

518

C. 95.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

All Infirmaries and Hospitals in Ireland shall, before 25th March annually, make Returns of their Funds and Expenditure, Number of Patients, &c. to, Commissioners of Imprest Accounts *

5 G.3. (I.)

* Funds entrusted to their Care respectively Be it therefore enacted, That before the Twenty fifth Day of One thousand eight hundred and seven, and so in every succeeding Year before the Twenty fifth Day of March in each Year, the Treasurers of the several Infirmaries or Hospitals erected or established under or by virtue of an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for erecting and establishing Public Infirmaries or Hospitals in, and the re-

spective Masters, Governors, Guardians and Trustees of the several Hospitals of Royal or Public Foundation in, shall

yearly and every Year make out and deliver, and transmit to the Commissioners of Imprest Accounts in, a Return, containing a Statement and Account of all the Funds entrusted to the Care of such Treasurers, Masters, Governors, Guardians or Trustees respectively, for the Benefit of the said Infirmaries or Hospitals respectively, and of the Application of the same for the Year ending on the Twenty fifth Day of preceding such

Twenty fifth Day of March, with the Balances of the Debts and Credits, and of the total Funds of the said Infirmaries and Hospitals on such Twenty fifth Day of December; and the said Returns, Statements and Accounts, shall include and set forth the Number and Names of all the Governors, Trustees or other Persons entrusted with the Government and Management of such Infirmaries Or Hospitals respectively; and also the Particulars of all the festates and Property, Real and Personal, vested in or entrusted to such Governors, Trustees or other Persons respectively, for the Use of such Infirmaries or Hospitals respectively; and also the Amount and Particulars Of the Annual Receipts, Rents and Profits arising from such Estates or Property, or from any Subscription or other Means whatsoever, distinguishing what Parts of such 'Estates or Property are let on Lease or otherwise, and what Parts are held and employed by the Governors or any other Persons for the Purposes of such Hospitals or Infirmaries respectively, or for any other Purpose whatever; with the Dates and Duration of the several Leases, Demises or Instruments under which such Estates, or any Part of them, are let to any Tenants, the Names of the several Tenants, the Rents and Fines paid and payable on such Leases or Demises, and all other Matters and Things whatever relating to the same; and such Returns, Statements and Accounts, shall also set forth the Number of Patients or other Persons re-

ceived into and sent out of, or any way relieved in or by such Infirmaries or Hospitals during such preceding Year, and the Number of Patients remaining therein at the Time of such Return, and the Number and Names of the Physicians, Surgeons, Officers, Servants and other Persons employed in or about the Management of such Infirmaries and Hospitals respectively, with the Date of the Appointments of such Physicians, Surgeons, Officers, Servants and other Persons respectively, and all such other Matters and Things relating to the Revenues and Expenditure of the said Infirmaries and Hospitals respectively, as shall from time to time be required by the said Commissioners of Imprest Accounts, for the full Disclosure of the State of such Infirmaries and Hospitals /respectively; and all the said Returns, Statements and Accounts, Shall be signed by the Secretary, Treasurer or Chief Officer for

the

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 95.

519

the time being of such Infirmaries or Hospitals respectively, and shall be confirmed as just and true Statements, by the Signature of Five Governors or Trustees, or-by the Corporation Seal respectively. [Repealed as therein mentioned, 52 (7.3. c. 52. § l.J

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful

for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, upon any Representation to be made to him by the said Commissioners of Imprest Accounts, to give such Directions to the Inspector General of Prisons in, or

such other Person as the Lord Lieutenant may deem most eligible, to visit any such Infirmaries or any Hospitals of Public or Royal Foundation, and to examine into the State of the same, and the Management of the Patients therein, as the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall think requisite and necessary; and the said Inspector General, or such other Person so appointed, shall examine into the same accordingly, and shall from time to time make Reports thereon to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, in such Manner as such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall from time to time direct.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Imprest Accounts shall have, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to use and exercise all such Powers for the obtaining of the Accounts, Statements and Returns by this Act required to be made, relating to the several Infirmaries and Hospitals in Ireland, and in examining and stating the Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure, and of the Debts and Credits of all such Infirmaries and Hospitals from time to time respectively, as are given to or vested in the said Commissioners of Imprest Accounts under and by virtue of an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty third and Twenty fourth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the due accounting

for all Money granted for Public Works, Charities and,

therein mentioned; and for the ordering a regular Account future of all Monies intrusted to the Corporation for carrying oil the Inland Navigation, the Trustees of the Linen the

Dublin Society, the Corporation for paving the Streets Dublin, and for other Purposes therein menti, with respect to the Mat-

ters and Things required to be done by the said Commissioners of Imprest Accounts under the said recited Act; and all and every Persons and Person shall be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties for any Disobedience to the Order of the said Commissioners of Imprest Accounts, in the Execution of this Act, as are inflicted or imposed by the said recited Act on Persons disobeying the Orders of the said Commissioners of Imprest Accounts under the said recited Act.

[Amended, 47 G.3. 1. c. 44.]

Lord Lieute- " nant, on Representation of Commissioners of Imprest Accounts, may order Inspector General of Prisons, &c. to examine and report.

Commissioners of Imprest Accounts may exerciseJ Powers of 23 & 24 G.3. c. 26. (I.)

LI 4

520

C. 9(i.

46° GEO. III.

36 G.3. c. 55.

§3. 12. 15.

Overseers of Roads not having accounted under recited Act at Summer Assizes, may lay their Accounts before Justices

A.D. 1806.

CAP. XCVI.

An Act to amend the Laws respecting the accounting for Money presented in Ireland for the making, repairing, widening or fencing of Public Roads, and the building and repairing of Bridges, Pipes or Gullets.

[16th July 1806.]

‘ Til f HERE AS, by an Act made in the Parliament of *. L h* die Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, 1 intituled An Act for the Amendment of Public Roads, for - ing the Power of Grand Juries respecting Presentments, and for repealing several Laws heretofore made for the

4 Grand Jury of any County, County of a City or County of a 4 Town inf Ireland, is empowered at any Assizes held for the e same, to present all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be necessary for any of the Purposes following; (that is to say,) for the making, widening, fencing or repairing any Road, or filling Trenches or Drains at the Side of any Road, or making or repairing Footways alongside thereof, or the building, rebuilding, 4 repairing, altering or enlarging any Bridge, Pipe, Gullet or Arch, or the filling and gravelling over the same, or the building or repairing any Wall or Part of a Wall necessary to the Support of any Road, or to prevent any Steep Banks of Earth from falling upon any Road, or for erecting any Fence, Rail or Wall, for the Protection of Travellers from dangerous Precipices or Holes lying on the Sides of any Public Road, Or for the lowering of any Hill, or filling any Hollow, or both, on any Public Road (or for making, widening and deepening Drains on the Side of any Public Road made through a Bog): And Whereas by the said recited Act no Money can be paid by the Treasurer of the County on account of any such Presentment, until an Affidavit, made and sworn in the Form and Manner required respectively by the said Act, be first allowed by the Grand Jury and the Court at some Assizes for such County: And Whereas it frequently happens from the Wetness or Lateness of the Season, or the early Appointment of the Summer Assizes, that the Money presented at the Spring, or any other Assizes preceding for the Purposes aforesaid, cannot be expended advantageously so as to be accounted for at such Summer Assizes; and it would tend much to an advantageous and economical Expenditure of all such Money, and to the Encouragement of proper Persons undertaking it, if all such Money were allowed to be accounted for and repaid to the Overseers thereof after the Summer Assizes,

without waiting until the Spring Assizes following Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for any Overseer appointed by the Grand Jury of any County, County of a Town or City in Ireland, for expending Money to be raised- for any of the Purposes aforesaid, who shall not have laid before the Grand Jury at the Summer Assizes for such County the Affidavits required by the said recited Act of the Thirty sixth Year aforesaid, for his accounting for such Money, to lay before the Justices

A.D. 1806. 46° GEO. III. C. 96.

of the Peace at such General Sessions of the Peace held for such County in the Month of October in every Year, as the Grand Jury at such Summer Assizes shall fix on (a) , an Affidavit, made and sworn by himself in the Form and Manner prescribed by Law, for his accounting for such Money at the Assizes; and it shall and may be lawful for the Court at such General Sessions to allow such Affidavit, and such Allowance shall be certified by the Signature of not less than Two Justices present at such Sessions, and countersigned by the Clerk of the Peace on the Back or at the Foot of such Affidavit; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful for the Treasurer of such County, and he is hereby required, to pay the Money so accounted for, in like Manner as if the Affidavit accounting for the same had been allowed by the Grand Jury and the Court at an Assize under the said recited Act; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding, subject nevertheless to the Conditions, Provisions and Restrictions in this Act contained respecting the same. (a) [not accounted for at Summer Assizes may be accounted for at Special Sestsionsf 59 G. 3. c. 84. § 20.]

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person who shall have been charged with, and shall have paid any Part of the Cess levied for the Purpose of paying such Presentment, to make Affidavit at such Sessions in open Court, that he believes the Money so sworn to have been expended, has not been expended as sworn, or that he believes the Affidavit made by such Overseer is not true, stating the Particulars wherein he believes the same not to be true; and thereupon such Person shall enter into Recognizance in Double the Amount of the Sum so sworn to have been expended (which Recognizance the Justices in such Court are hereby empowered to take) conditioned for his Appearance at the next Assizes, to be there examined by the Grand Jury, touching the same, and to prosecute, if called upon so to do; and in case such Recognizance shall be so entered into, it shall not be lawful for the Court at such Sessions to allow such Affidavit of Account by such Overseer, nor for the Treasurer of the County to pay to the Overseer making the same any Money by virtue of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer of such County shall attend such General Sessions of the Peace held therein in October in each Year, for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, and shall lay before the Court a true and faithful Return of all Queries on Presentments which have not been duly accounted for and discharged at the preceding Assizes; and that the Clerk of the Peace shall enter in such Copy upon each Query, the Affidavit for accounting for which shall have been allowed by the Court in pursuance of this Act, the Word " Discharged, " and where such Affidavit shall not be so allowed, the Words " Disallowed, " or " Respited on Recognizance, " as the Case may be, and shall make Oath at the Foot thereof that the Entries so made by him are true, and shall return such Copy, with such Entries and the Affidavits so allowed by the Court, to the said Treasurer, within Four Days after the End of such October Sessions in each Year, together with the Names of the Justices present at said Court, attested by himself, and the said Treasurer

521

at October Sessions, who may allow the same as if accounted for at Assizes.

Accounts of Overseers, if disputed, may be referred to the Assizes. '

Treasurer to attend October Sessions, and return Queries on Presentments unaccounted for at preceding Assizes.

Clerk of the Peace to deliver to Treasurer Copies of Affidavits, &c. allowed at the Sessions, &c.

522

C. 96.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Affidavits preserved in County Records.

Perjury.

On Proof that Money not expended agreeably to Presentment, Overseer §ued.

Treasurer to pay Presentments allowed, as under recited Act.

Proviso for Dublin County.

36 G.3. c. 55-(I.) and this Act construed together.

Surer shall be allowed Credit in his Account, as Treasurer, for the Amount of all Sums of Money paid by him in respect of all such Queries, whereon the Word " Discharged" shall be so entered, and the said Queries shall be discharged by the Court at an Assizes if it shall appear to said Court that the Discharge so allowed at the Sessions has been duly made; and the Clerk of the Crown at any such Assizes shall not carry forward any Query so discharged and paid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all affidavits made under the Authority or in pursuance of this Act shall be preserved among the Records of the County, and deposited along with the accounting Affidavits made and allowed at the Assizes.

V. And be it further enacted, That the solemn Affirmation of a

Quaker shall be of equal Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes, as an Affidavit under the Provisions of this Act; and that if any Person shall wilfully and corruptly swear or affirm falsely in any Oath, Affidavit or Affirmation made or taken by him by the Authority or under the Provisions of this Act, every such Person being thereof convicted shall be adjudged guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and incur the Pains and Penalties against the same by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to any Grand Jury at any Assizes, upon due Proof upon Oath by Two credible Persons within Two Years after any Query shall have been discharged at any October Sessions for such County in pursuance of this Act, that the Money was not expended agreeable to the Presentment, and if the Overseer thereof shall be indicted and convicted of Perjury on account of having sworn or affirmed falsely in the Affidavit accounting for the same, it shall be lawful for such Grand Jury to direct the Treasurer to sue such Overseer, and such Treasurer is hereby authorized to sue him by Action or Civil Bill for the Recovery of the Money which he shall have so fraudulently received on account of such Presentment.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Treasurer shall

neglect or refuse to pay the Amount of any Presentment accounted for under the Provisions of this Act without Fee or Reward, if he shall have Public Money to pay the same, upon Demand made by the Person who shall have accounted for the same, at his usual Office, which he is hereby required to keep open from the Hours of Nine of the Clock in the Morning until Three in the Afternoon, from the Sixth until the Seventeenth Day (inclusive) after the Sessions held in October, or if such Treasurer shall neglect to keep such

Office open as aforesaid, he shall be subject to the like Penalties or Punishment as if he had neglected or refused to pay the Amount of any Presentment duly accounted for at any Assizes under the said recited Act of the Thirty sixth Year aforesaid.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing

in this Act contained shall extend to the County of, nor

to any Presentment made within the same.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act of the Thirty sixth Year aforesaid, except so far as the same are expressly altered by this Act, shall be applied in the Execution of this Act; and that the said recited Act and this Act shall be construed together as One Act.

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 96, 97.

523

X. And be it further enacted* That it shall be lawful for the Presentment at Grand Jury, at each Spring Assizes, to present to be raised off Spring Assizes the County at large, and paid to the Treasurer thereof, any Sum not exceeding Sixpence in the Pound for all Money accounted and Clerks of for at the preceding October Sessions under the Provisions of this Peace.

Act, as they shall deem proper for his Trouble in its Execution, and also One Shilling in the Pound for all Money accounted at every October Sessions for the Clerk of the Peace for his Trouble, over and above such Sums as the said Treasurer and Clerk of the Peace respectively may be otherwise entitled to by Law: Provided proviso. always, that the Allowance to the Clerk to the Peace does not exceed in the Whole Twenty Pounds.

CAP. XCVII.

An Act to permit the free Interchange of every Species of

Grain, between Great Britain and.

[16th July 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the free Importation and < Exportation of all Corn and Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread

* or Biscuit, reciprocally to and from Great Britain and Ireland,

1 should be allowed, and that all Restraints, Duties and Bounties

* relating thereto should cease Be it therefore enacted, by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Bounties and Bounties and Duties payable on the Exportation and Importation of Corn, Grain, Duties on In-Malt, Meal, Flour or Biscuit respectively from Great Britain to terchange of Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain, -shall cease and be no Corn> &c* longer payable; and that it shall and may be lawful for any Person ancTlreland to to carry and export out of and from any Port or Place in Great cease and Britain to any Port or Place in Ireland, and out of and from any Com, &c. im-Port or Place in Ireland to any Port or Place in Great Britain, ported and and to import into any Port or Place in Great Britain from any exPorte(?> what* Port or Place in Ireland, and into any Port or Place in Ireland j^er Pnce raay from any Port or Place in Great Britain, without Payment of any Duty whatsoever on that Importation, in any British or Irish Ship or Vessel owned and navigated according to Law, any Sort of Corn or Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread or Biscuit, whatever the average Price of Corn or Grain may be in either Country at the Time of such Exportation or Importation; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force in Great Britain or Ireland to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Exporters to Person exporting Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread or Biscuit, declare that from Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain, such Com, &c. shall declare before the Collector, Comptroller or other chief 1S intended to Officer of the Customs at the Port from whence the Exportation between^the is about to take place, that such Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread Countries.10 or Biscuit, is really and truly intended to be exported to Great Britain or Ireland, as the Case may be; and such Exporter shall thereupon receive a like Cocket, Certificate, Letpass or Transire, Coast Cockets, as is given, and conformable to all the like Regulations in force,

in

524-

No Fees taken by Officer of Customs on such Exportation.

Forfeiture of Office, &c.

43 G. 3. c. 105.

45 G. 3. c. 68-§4.

Proviso for Malt and Oatmeal exported annually to Guernsey, &c.

Proviso for Exportation from Ireland of Corn, &c. for Ships’Stores, &c. and for Corn, &c. mentioned in Table

C. 97. 46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

in case of Goods sent Coastways from one Port of Great Britain to another Port therein, or from one Port in Ireland to another Port in Ireland respectively. [These Regulations extended to other Goods, 1 fy2 G.4. c. 19.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity or Reward whatsoever, shall be required, taken or received by any Officer of the Customs, or any Clerk or other Person employed by him, for or on account of such Importation or Exportation, or for any thing done or to be done by him for or on account thereof, or in any way relating thereto; and if any such Officer, Clerk or other Person shall require, take or receive, either directly or indirectly, any Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity or Reward, on account of such Importation or Exportation, or for any thing done or to be done by him relating thereto, every such Officer, Clerk or other Person so offending shall, on Proof thereof to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs in England or Scotland, or the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland respectively, as the Case may be, be peremptorily dismissed from his Office or Employment, and be incapable of ever again holding, executing or acting in any Office or Employment in the Service of His Majesty's Customs or Excise, or of any Revenue belonging to His Majesty, in any Part of the United Kingdom.

IV. And Whereas, by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to permit the Exportation for Two Years of a certain Quantity of Corn,

4 Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit or Pulse, to the Islands of

4 Guernsey, Jersey and Alderney, from other Ports in England, as well as the Port of Southampton, under certain Restrictions,

* it was provided that Nine thousand eight hundred Quarters

* of Grain, Meal or Bread might be exported during the Period of Two Years after the passing of the said Act, from any Port

* in England, to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey and Alderney, as

well as from the Port of Southampton, which Act was made perpetual by another Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His said Majesty; in which recited Acts the Articles allowed to be exported were confined to Wheat, Wheat Meal or Flour, Rye,

Barley or Bread, Biscuit or Pease, which said Quantity it was intended might be exported annually: And Whereas it is expedient that Malt and Oatmeal should be included therein Be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Whole or any Part of such Quantity of Nine thousand eight hundred Quarters of Wheat, Wheat Meal or Flour, Rye, Barley, Malt or Bread, Biscuit, Beans, Pease and Oats, or Oatmeal, to be exported annually from the Port of Southampton, or from any other Port or Ports in England or Ireland, to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey and Alderney, under the Provisions of the said Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this or any Act or Acts now in force in any Part of the United Kingdom shall extend to prohibit at any Time the Exportation or carrying out of Ireland so much Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread or Biscuit as shall be necessary to be carried out in any Ship or other Vessel from any Port in Ireland, on its Voyage out and home, for the Sustenance, Diet and Support of the Commander, Master, Mariners,

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 97.

525

riners, Passengers or others, or for the Use and Sustenance of the Cattle, Live Stock or other Animals aboard such Ship or Vessel; or for victualling or providing any of His Majesty's Forces, Forts or Garrisons; or to prohibit at any Time the Exportation of Beans from thence to the British Forts, Castles or Factories in,

or for the Use of British Ships trading upon that Coast, which have been usually supplied with the same from Great Britain; or to prohibit the like Quantities of the several Sorts of Corn and other Articles as are mentioned in the Table marked (C.) , contained in an Act made in Great Britain in the Thirty first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Comm and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported; and also in an Act made in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to amend the said Act, to be exported from Ireland to the Places in the said Table and in the said last recited Act mentioned respectively; so as the whole Quantities to be exported from Ireland to such Places, within Twelve Calendar Months from every Fifteenth Day of February, do not exceed the Quantities respectively limited therein.

VI. Provided always, That if at the Time of any such Exportation, the Price of such Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal or Flour, ascertained according to Law, shall be above the Price at which the Export thereof is allowed, except as aforesaid, the Exporter thereof to any of the Places mentioned in the said Table (C.) , or the last recited Act, or for His Majesty's Forces, Forts or Garrisons, or for the Use of British Ships trading on the Coast of or Beans

for the British Forts, Castles or Factories in Africa, shall before the shipping thereof declare the Island or Place for which the said Articles are respectively intended to be exported; and he, together with the Master, or Person having the Charge of the Ship or Vessel, shall become bound to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in a Bond with One other sufficient Security to be approved of by the chief Officer of Customs at the Port, in Treble the Value thereof, with Condition that the Articles so exported shall be landed at the respective Islands or Places for which the same shall be so declared and entered for Exportation, and shall not be landed elsewhere, the Danger of the Seas only excepted; and such Bond shall be vacated and discharged upon producing such Certificate as is required in case of the Exportation of any such Articles on Bounty, or on Proof made to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in, that

such Articles were taken by Enemies or perished on the Seas: Provided always, that in case such Articles shall be so exported for the Use of His Majesty's Forts or Garrisons, there shall be a Certificate from the Commissary of the Forces, or Person receiving the same for the Use of His Majesty, testifying the Quantity so received.

[Restrained to Grain of Great Britain and Ireland only,

47 G. 3. 5m. 1. c. 7.

(C.) of 31 G. 3. c. 30. §10. &

33 G.3. c. 65.

If Price of Com, &c. above Price at which Export is allowed, Exporter to Places mentioned in Table (C.) &c. to declare the Place for which same are exported, &c.

526

C. 98.

46° GEO. III.

45 G.S. c. 10. § 14.

Signal to be used by Ships having the Plague, &c, actually on board.

Penalty 2001.

45 G. 3. c. 10. § 16.

I

A.D. 1806.

CAP. XCVIII. An Act for making additional and further Provisions for the effectual Performance of Quarantine in Great Britain.

[16th 1806.]

‘ T T7 HERE AS, by an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for ‘ making further Provision for the effectual Performance of Qua-‘ rantine, certain Signals are directed to be used on board of

‘ Ships or Vessels having Clean Bills of Health, and certain other 6 Signals on board of Ships or Vessels not having Clean Bills of ‘ Health, and it will be more conducive to the public Safety that ‘ a Third Signal should be used on board of Ships or Vessels having the Plague or other infectious Disease or Distemper highly ‘ dangerous to the Health of His Majesty's Subjects actually on ‘ board Be it therefore enacted, by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi* ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and six, every Commander, Master or other Person having the Charge of any Ship or Vessel, on board whereof the Plague or other infectious Disease or Distemper highly dangerous to the Health of His Majesty's Subjects, shall actually be, shall be, and is hereby required at all Times when such Ship or Vessel shall meet with any other Ship or Vessel at Sea, or shall be within Four Leagues of the Coast of Great Britain, or the Islands of,

ney, Sark or Man, to hoist a Signal to denote that his Ship or Vessel has the Plague, or other infectious Disease or Distemper highty dangerous to the Health of His Majesty's Subjects actually on board thereof, which Signal shall be in the Day Time a Flag of Yellow and Black, borne quarterly, of Eight Breadths of Bunting at the Main Top Mast Head, and in the Night Time the Signal shall be Two large Signal Lanthorns (such as are commonly used on board of His Majesty's Ships of War) One over the other at the same Mast Head; and such Commander, Master or other Person shall keep such Signal hoisted during such Time as the said Ship or Vessel so having the Plague, or such other infectious Disease or Distemper as aforesaid, on board thereof, shall continue within Sight of such other Ship or Vessel, or within Four Leagues of the said Coasts or Islands; and while so in Sight, or within such Distance until such Ship or Vessel so having the Plague, or such other infectious Disease or Distemper as aforesaid, on board thereof, shall have arrived at the Port or Place where it is to perform Quarantine, and until it shall have been legally discharged from the Performance thereof; on failure whereof, such Commander, Master or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

II. And Whereas it is by the said recited Act enacted, that ‘ every Commander, Master or other Person, having the Charge ‘ of any Ship or Vessel coming from Foreign Parts, shall give to the Pilot who shall go on board such Ship or Vessel, a written

‘ Paper

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III.

c. 98.

527

* Paper containing a true Account of the Names of the Place and ‘ Country at which such Ship or Vessel shall have loaded; and also '* of all the Places at which any such Ship or Vessel shall have touched on the homeward Voyage: And Whereas Ships and

* Vessels are or may be, by the Order of His Majesty, His Heirs

* or Successors, in Council, made liable to Quarantine by reason 1 of their having on board thereof certain Sorts of Goods and 1 Merchandize more especially liable to retain Infection; and it is

* expedient that the Pilot going on board of such Ships and Ves-

* sels should also be informed of the Cargo thereof Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the said Tenth Day of October Master also every Commander, Master or other Person, having the Charge of to deliver any Ship or Vessel coming from Foreign Parts, which shall not be Account of liable to Quarantine in respect of the Place from whence such to Pilot. Ship or Vessel comes, shall give to the Pilot who shall go on

board of such Ship or Vessel, a written Paper containing a true Account of the different Articles composing the Cargo of such Ship or Vessel, on pain of forfeiting the Sum of Two hundred Penalty 2001. Pounds for any Neglect or Refusal to give such Paper, or for any false, Representation or wilful Omission therein; and if by any piiot to give Proclamation or Order of His Majesty in Council then in force. Notice to Mas-Ships and Vessels having on board any of the Articles mentioned ter if Articles in such Paper, shall be liable to the Performance of Quarantine, on board liable such Pilot shall immediately give Notice thereof to the Commander to ^uarantine* or other Person having the Charge of such Ship or Vessel, on pain peTialty lool. of forfeiting the Sum of One hundred Pounds for any Neglect &c. therein; and such Commander or other Person shall thereupon Commander to hoist a proper Signal according to the Provisions of the said re- hoist Signals cited Act, and under the respective Penalties in the said recited accordingly. Act, or in this Act contained for any Neglect or Refusal in respect of hoisting such Signals; and in case any Pilot shall bring, or cause to be brought or conducted, any Ship or Vessel liable to the Performance of Quarantine, into any Place which is not, or shall not be, specially appointed for the Reception of Ships and Vessels so liable after receiving such Paper as aforesaid, whereby it shall have been made appear that such Ship or Vessel was liable to the Performance of Quarantine, or without requiring and receiving such Paper as aforesaid, unless compelled thereto by Stress of Weather, adverse Winds, or Accidents of the Seas, such Pilots shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hun- Penalty 100b dred Pounds. [Commissioners of Customs to transmit to principal Officers at Ports the Names of Pilots, 52 G. 3.

c. 39. §65.]

III. And Whereas, by the said recited Act, Provision is made 45 G. 3. c.io.

* for ascertaining whether Ships and Vessels be liable to Quarantine § 18.

‘ by means of interrogating the Commander, Master or other Person having the Charge of such Ships or Vessels, for which Pur-

* pose it is necessary that Ships or Vessels should be brought to at

* the Requisition of the Officer of Quarantine, which salutary Provision has in some Instances been and may again be eluded by

* the Pilot on board, or by the Commander, Master or other Person, having the Charge of such Ships or Vessels; Be it therefore

enacted, That if any Pilot being on board, or any Commander, Pilot or Master Master or other Person having the Charge of any Ship or Vessel not bringing to

coming

528

on Request of

Quarantine

Officer.

Penalty 1001.

45 G. 3. c. 10. §3.

Ships liable to Quarantine solely by involuntary Communication, exempt from Duty.

45 G. 3. c. 10. §29.

Repealed and other Proof and Certificate of Goods having been opened and aired.

C. 98. 46: GEO. III. A.D. 180G.

coming from Foreign Parts, whether such Ship or Vessel shall be liable to Quarantine or not, shall be required by any Officer authorized by the Commissioners of the Customs, or any Four of them, to act in the Service of Quarantine, to bring to such Ship or Vessel, to the End that the Commander, Master or other Person having the Charge thereof may be interrogated according to the Provision of the said recited Act, and shall neglect or refuse to bring to such Ship or Vessel as soon as it can be done with Safety, in obedience to such Requisition, every such Pilot, Commander, Master or other Person, having the Charge of any such Ship or Vessel, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

IV. And Whereas, by the said recited Act, certain Duties are ‘ imposed on Ships and Vessels which have performed Quarantine;

and by the same Act a Ship or Vessel may be rendered liable to the Performance of Quarantine by receiving any Person or Persons from or out of any other Ship or Vessel coming from or having touched at an infected Place, under which Provision a 4 Ship or Vessel not being originally liable to perform Quarantine may be rendered so liable by Force and against the Will of the Master and Crew; and it is reasonable that such Ship or Vessel should be relieved from the Payment of the said Duties Be it therefore enacted, That no Ship or Vessel which shall be rendered liable to perform Quarantine solely by reason of having received on board thereof by Force or against the Will of the Master and Crew, any Person or Persons shall be liable to or charged with any Duty under the said recited Act, provided that it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs that such Person or Persons was or were received on board against the Will of the Master and Crew of such Ship or Vessel.

V. And Whereas the Mode prescribed by the said recited Act for certifying that all Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and other Articles liable to Quarantine, have been duly opened and aired,

conformably to the Provisions in the same, have been found in- convenient Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as relates to the Certificates and Proof of opening and airing such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and other Articles, shall be, and is hereby repealed; and that after such Orders for the opening and airing of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and other Articles, shall have been duly complied with, Proof thereof shall be made by the Oaths of the Master of the Lazaret or Vessel in which the Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and other Articles, shall have been opened and aired, and of One of the Guardians, or if there be no Guardian, then of One of the Officers authorized by the Commissioners of the Customs, or any Four of them, to act in the Service of Quarantine in such Lazaret or Vessel, or if there be no such Officer, then by the Oaths of Two or more credible Witnesses serving in the said Lazaret or Vessel, before the Super-intendant of Quarantine, or his Assistant, in case such opening and airing shall be had at a Port or Place where such Superintendant or Assistant shall be established, or otherwise before the principal Officer authorized by the Commissioners of the Customs, or any Four of them, to act in the Service of Quarantine at such Port or Place; which Oath such Superintendant, Assistant or principal

Officer

C. 98.

529

A.D. 1806. 46° GEO. III.

Officer is hereby authorized to administer; and such Superintendant, Assistant or principal Officer, as the Case may be, shall make Certificate of such Proof having been made; and upon the Production of such Certificate to the proper Officer of the Customs, authorized by the said Commissioners or any Four of them, such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, and other Articles, shall be liable to no further Restraint or Detention either at the Port or Place where such Quarantine shall have been performed, or at any other Place whereto they may be afterwards conveyed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by His or their Order in Council, or for the Lords and others of His or their Privy Council, or any Three or more of them, by their Order from time to time, as often as they may see reason to apprehend that the Yellow Fever, or other highly infectious Distemper, prevails on the Continent of America, or in the West, to require that every Ship and Vessel coming from or having touched at any Port or Place on the Continent of, or in the West

Indies^ shall come to an Anchor at certain.Places to be appointed from time to time by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland, (who are hereby respectively authorized to make such Appointment,) for the Purpose of having the State of Health of the Crew of such Ship or Vessel ascertained before such Ship or Vessel shall be permitted to enter the Port wdiereto she may be bound, or any other Port of Great Britain; but that such Ship or Vessel shall not be deemed liable to Quarantine, unless it shall be afterwards specially ordered under that Restraint.

VII. And Whereas it may be necessary for the public Security < to prevent all Communication whatever with Ships or Vessels ‘ performing Quarantine without clean Bills of Health; and the

* Danger of such Communication is greatly increased by Persons

* not being prevented from going within the Stations allotted for the Performance of Quarantine by such Ships or Vessels Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, by His or their Order or Orders in Council, notified by Proclamation, or published in the London Gazette, to prohibit all Persons, Ships, Boats and Vessels whatsoever, from going under any Pretence whatsoever, within the Limits of any Station, which, by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, by any such Order or Orders in Council, has been, or may be assigned for the Performance of Quarantine by any Ships or Vessels without clean Bills of Health; and that if any Person whatsoever, after such Notification or Publication of any such Order or Orders in Council, shall presume, under any Pretence whatsoever, to go with any Ship, Boat or Vessel within the Limits of any such Station, he or she shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, interline, erase or alter, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, interlined, erased or altered, any Certificate directed or required to be granted by any Order of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors in Council now in force, or hereafter to be made touching Quarantine, and the prevention of Infection, or shall publish as true any such forged or counterfeited, 4.6 Geo. III. M m inter-

Privy Council may order Ships from America or West Indies when Yellow Fever, &c. prevails there, to go to certain Places without being liable to Quarantine.

Intercourse herein mentioned without clean Bills of Health, may be prohibited by Order in Council.

Penalty 5001.

Forging or uttering false Certificates required by Order in Council.

530

C. 98, 99, 100.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Felony without Clergy.

Consuls, &e. may administer Oaths.

Persons authorized to take Examinations may administer Oaths.

Perjury.

3G.S. c. 16.

interlined, erased or altered Certificate, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, interlined, erased or altered, or shall knowingly and wilfully utter and publish any such Certificate, with Intent to obtain the Effect of a true Certificate to be given thereto, knowing the Contents of such Certificate to be false, he or she shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Consuls and Vice Consuls of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, shall, and are hereby empowered to administer Oaths in all Cases respecting Quarantine, in like Manner as if they were Magistrates of the several Towns or Places where they respectively reside.

X. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases wherein by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, or any other now in force or hereafter to be made touching Quarantine, any Examinations or Answers shall be taken or made upon Oath, the Person who shall be authorized and required to take such Examinations and Answers shall, and shall be deemed to have full Power and Authority to administer such Oaths; and if any Person who shall be so interrogated or examined shall wilfully swear falsely to any Matter, concerning which such Person shall depose or make Oath on such Examination or in such Answer, or if any Person shall procure any other Person so to do, he or she so swearing falsely or procuring any other Person so to do, shall be deemed to have been guilty of, and shall be liable to be prosecuted for wilful and corrupt Perjury or Subornation of wilful and corrupt Perjury, as the Case may be, and shall suffer the Pains, Penalties and Punishments of the Law, in such Case respectively made and provided.

[This Act not affected by 54? G, 3. c. 36. See § 4-5. of that Act."]

CAP. XCIX.

An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of Oil of Vitriol made in Great Britain. f 16th July 1806.]

[Repealed, 50 G. 3. c. 40. § 1.]

CAP. C.

An Act to empower the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, to make certain Allowances to old, infirm or wounded or disabled Officers in the Royal Navy, and to provide a Fund for the Payment of such Allowances, and for the Increase of Pensions to disabled Seamen and Marines.

[16th July 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to < power the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for

Seamen at Greenwich, after defraying the necessary Expences 6 thereof, to provide for suck Seamen worn out and become decrepid

in the Service of their Country, who shall not be provided for

* within the said Hospital, and to enable them to receive such -6 sions, as shall be granted them by the said Commissioners or < Governors, in the most easy and convenient Manner,

21 i venting

4<6° GEO. III. C. 100.

531

A.D. 1806.

* venting Frauds and Abuses attending the same: And Whereas it ‘is expedient that the Commissioners and Governors of the said

* Royal Hospital should be empowered to grant certain Allowances to old, infirm or wounded or disabled Captains, Command-

* ers and Lieutenants of His Majesty's Navy, and that Funds ‘ should be provided for enabling the said Commissioners and

* Governors to defray the additional Charge which will be occasioned by such Extension of the Provisions of the said Act, and also for the Purpose of enabling the said Commissioners and Governors

* to increase the Pensions to disabled Seamen and Marines not

* provided for within the said Hospital Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners and Governors of the Commissioners Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greemoich in the county of , of Greenwich

and they are hereby empowered, after defraying the necessary Ex- Hospital em-pences of the said Hospital, as well by and out of the Estates, ^Allow-Rents, Revenues or other Monies belonging to the said Hospital, ances to old as out of the Funds hereinafter provided for that Purpose, to grant infirm or dis-Allowances to such Captains, Commanders and Lieutenants of His abled Officers, Majesty's Navy as are old, infirm or wounded or disabled, and who pot provided for shall not be provided for in the said Hospital; and such Allow- j" addition^ ances shall be in Addition to any Half Pay receivable by such Half Pay. Captains, Commanders and Lieutenants and shall and may be received by them respectively, together with and in addition to such Half Pay, any Thing in any Act or Law contained to the contrary notwithstanding; Provided always, that no Allowance to be made Limitation of to any Captain, Commander or Lieutenant, pursuant to the Direc- Allowance, tions of this Act, shall in any Case exceed a Sum which, when, added to the Half Pay of such Officer, shall amount to Three Fourths of the Salary paid to such Officers of similar Rank, resident dent within and upon the Establishment of the said Royal Hospital.

II. And for the providing an additional Fund, and thereby

* enabling the said Commissioners and Governors to carry into Ex-

* ecution the Purposes of this Act, ’ Be it further enacted, That, Prize Agents from and after the the passing of this Act, all and every Prize under 45 G.s. Agent and Prize Agents, appointed or to be appointed in pur- c-72*to retain suance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for the Encouragement of, for the better H^spita

and more effectually manning His Majesty's Navy during the pre- n. 13s. 4d. per

sent War, or of any other Prize Act hereafter to be passed, shall, Cent, on Pro-

from and out of the net Proceeds of all Prizes ydiich, after the ceeds of Prizes.

passing of this Act, shall be taken during the present War by any

Ship or Vessel of War in His Majesty's Pay, retain for the Use of

the said Royal Hospital, and shall, within Ten Days next after the

Distribution of the Proceeds of every such Prize for which he or

they shall have been or shall be appointed Agent or Agents as

aforesaid, shall have been notified in the Manner directed by the

said last mentioned Act or any other Prize Act hereafter to be

passed, pay over to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, or

his Deputy, or to any Person to be appointed by such Treasurer

by Writing under his Hand and Seal to receive the same for the

Use of the said Royal Hospital, the Sum of One Pound Thirteen

Shillings

532

A like per Centage retained on Amount of Droits of Admiralty.

A like per Centage retained on Amount of Bounty Money.

Officers receiving such Allowances deemed Out Pensioners as under 3 G.3. c. 16.

C. 100. 46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Shillings and Four Pence per Centum on the net Proceeds of every such Prize, any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament or Proclamation to the contrary notwithstanding; and such Payment, and the Receipt of the said Treasurer, or his Deputy, or such Person so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Agent or Agents for the same in his or their Accounts with all Persons entitled to any Share of any such Proceeds.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Receiver of the Droits of Admiralty for the time being shall and he is hereby authorized and required, as soon after the net Proceeds arising from any such Droits shall from Time to Time have been ascertained after the passing of this Act, and after the Expiration of the Period within which any Appeal can be lodged against any Adjudication in relation to such Droits, as the same can be done, deliver in an Account thereof and pay over to the said Treasurer, or his Deputy, or such other Person or Persons as the Treasurer shall by any Writing under his Hand and Seal authorize and appoint to receive the same, One Pound Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence per Centum upon the Amount of such net Proceeds, for the Use of the said Hospital.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act all and every Agent and Agents for Bounty Money shall, in like Manner, from and out of the net Proceeds of all Bounty Bills which shall be made out pursuant to the Directions of the said Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or of any other Prize Act hereafter to be passed for or in respect of any Ship or Vessel which, from and after the passing of this Act, shall be taken during the present War, and which shall have been received by any such Agent or Agents, retain for the Use of the said Royal Hospital, and shall, within Ten Days next after the Receipt of the same respectively, pay over to the said Treasurer, or his Deputy, or such Person so to be appointed as aforesaid, for the Use of the said Royal‘Hospital, the Sum of One Pound Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence per Centum upon the Amount of the net Proceeds of every such Bounty Bill, any Thing in any Act or Acts, or Proclamation or Proclamations to the contrary notwithstanding; and every such Payment, and the Receipt of the said Treasurer, or his Deputy, or such Person so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Agent or Agents for the same in his or their Accounts with all Persons entitled to any Share in any such Proceeds.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Captains, Commanders, and Lieutenants of His Majesty's Navy, who shall be allowed any Pensions under this Acti shall be deemed, construed and taken to be Out Pensioners of Greenwich Hospital, within the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Third Year aforesaid; and all the Clauses, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Powers, Pains, as well of Death as otherwise, and all Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things contained in the said recited Act of the Third Year aforesaid, so far as the same are applicable, shall be applied and put in force for the Purposes of this Act, and for carrying the same into Execution, and as to all Captains, Commanders and Lieutenants of His Majesty's Navy, and all Matters and Things relating to all Pensions receivable by them, in as full and ample a Manner as if

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 100, 101,

555

the same were herein severally and separately re-enacted and made Part of this Act, and the said recited Act and this Act shall be construed together as one Act.

CAP. Cl.

An Act for improving the Funds of the Chest at,

and amending an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, relating to the said Chest

[16th July 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for - proving the Funds of the Chest at Chatham, and for transferring the Administration of the same to Greenwich, and for

ameliorating the Condition of the Pensioners on the said Funds .-4 And Whereas it is expedient that further Provision should be made for improving the Funds of the said Chest, and for the more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of the sard Act, and for enabling the Supervisors of the said Chest to make further Provision for, and to extend and increase Allowances to,

4 Persons maimed or hurt, or otherwise disabled in the Service of their Country:’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all and every Prize Agent and Prize Agents appointed or to be appointed in pursuance of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty's Navy during the present or in pur-

suance of any other Prize Acthereatter to be passed, shall from and out of the Net Proceeds of all Prizes which after the passing of this Act shall be taken during the present War, by any Ship or Vessel of Warm His Majesty's Pay, retain for the Use of the said Chest (a) at Greenwich, and shall, within Ten Days next after the Distribution of the Proceeds of every such Prize for which he or they shall have been or shall be appointed Agent or Agents as aforesaid shall have been notified in the Manner directed by the said last mentioned Act, or any other Prize Act hereafter to be passed, pay over to the Accountant of the said Chest, or to such other Person or Persons as the said Supervisors shall from Time to Time, by Writing under their Common Seal, authorize and appoint to receive the same, for the Use of the said Chest, the Sum of Three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence per Centum on the Net Proceeds of every such Prize, any Thing in any Act or Acts, Proclamation or Proclamations to the contrary notwithstanding; and the Payment of such Money, and the Receipt of such Accountant, or such other Person or Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the same to such Agent or Agents, in his or their Accounts with all Persons entitled to any Share of any such Proceeds. (a) [at

Greenwich dissolved, 55 G.3. c. 1. § 3. — See 1 2 G.4. 98.]

II. And be it further enacted, That the Receiver of th$ Droits of Admiralty for the time being shall, and he is hereby authorized

Mm3 and

43 G.3. c. 1191

Prize Agents (under 45 G. 3. c. 72.) to retain and pay to Greenwich Chest 3l.6s.8d. per Centum out of the Net Proceeds of Prizes.

A like per Centage retained out of

534?

C. 101.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Droits of Admiralty.

A like per Centage retained on Amount of Bounty Money.

Appointments and Accounts laid annually before Parliament.

Directors may alter Form of Bills, which shall be signed by Accountant.

and required as soon after the Net Proceeds arising from any such Droits shall from Time to Time have been ascertained after the passing of this Act, and after the Expiration of the Period within which any Appeal can be lodged against any Adjudication in relation to such Droits as the same can be done, deliver in an Account thereof and pay over to the said Accountant or to such other Person or Persons as the said Supervisors shall by their Common Seal authorize and appoint to receive the same, Three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence per Centum upon the Amount of such Net Proceeds for the Use of the said Chest.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all and every Agent and Agents for Bounty Money shall in like Manner, from and out of the Net Proceeds of all Bounty Bills which shall be made out pursuant to the Directions of the said Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or of any other Prize Act hereafter to be passed, in respect of any Ship or Vessel which, from and after the passing of this Act, shall be taken during the present War, and which shall have been received by any such Agent or Agents, retain, for the Use of the said Chest, and shall, within Ten Days next after the Receipt of the same respectively, pay over to the said Accountant, or to such other Person or Persons as the said Supervisors shall by their Common Seal authorize and appoint to receive the same, for the Use of the said Chest, the Sum of Three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence per Centum upon the Amount of the Net Proceeds of every such Bounty Bill, any thing in any Act or Acts, or Proclamation or Proclamations to the contrary notwithstanding; and every such Payment, and the Receipt of the said Accountant, or such Person or Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be a good Discharge to such Agent or Agents for the same, in his or their Accounts with all Persons entitled to any Share in such Bounty Bill.

" On Sale of Lands, &c. under 43 G. 3. c. 119. Receipt of Accountant shall be a good Discharge to a Purchaser. § 4. Fu- ture Vacancies of Directors shall be filled up by Supervisors. " §5. Supervisors may appoint Clerks, &c. with proper Salaries. " § 6.

VII. And be it further enacted, That a Statement of all Appointments which shall be made by the said Supervisors, pursuant to the Powers vested in them by this Act, and also an Account of the Funds, Receipt and Expenditure of the said Chest, shall be annually laid before both Houses of Parliament.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Directors of the said Chest, or the major Part of them, to order and direct that the Bills for the Payment of Pensions out of the said Chest shall be made out in such Form as to such Directors may from Time to Time appear to be most convenient and proper, and all such Bills shall be signed by the Accountant of the said Chest, or in his Absence, from Sickness or otherwise, by his chief Clerk, and not by the said Directors, as in the said Act mentioned; and such Bills shall be attested or countersigned by the Clerk making Entry of the said Bills; any thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 101, 102.

535

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Receiver General Chest Pension-of Land Tax, Collector of Customs or Excise, or Clerk of the ers shall not be Cheque, examining any Duplicate or Certificate under the said aJS0 n"

Act, shall also inquire, on the Oath of the Party, whether the jjospUal. ° Chest Pensioner delivering the same is likewise an Out Pensioner of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenw, and to satisfy himself that such Chest Pensioner is not also an Out Pensioner of the said Royal Hospital, before he shall pay any Bill under the said Act and this Act.

CAP. CII.

An Act for repealing the Duties of Excise on Stills used for distilling or rectifying Low Wines or Spirits for Consumption in Scotland; on Worts or Wash made for extracting Spirits; and on Spirits made for Consumption in and for granting and securing other Duties in lieu thereof; and for better securing the Duties on Foreign Spirits and; i

on Malt.

[16th July 1806.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of 43g.s. c. 69.

* the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to [Schedule A.

* repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant tit. Spirits.]

* other Duties in lieu thereof certain Duties of Excise are payable ‘ for or in respect of Stills used in Scotland for distilling Low

* Wines or Spirits for the Consumption of, and for rectify-

ing, compounding or mixing Spirits; and also certain other

* Duties for or in respect of Worts or Wash brewed or made in

* Scotland for extracting Spirits for Consumption in, and

* for or in respect of Spirits distilled or made in Scotland for the

* Consumption of Scotland: And Whereas by another Act, passed

* in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 43 G 3 c 81

* intituled An Act for granting to His, until Twelve.

* Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of,

* certain additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain, certain

* other Duties for and in respect of such Stills, Worts and Wash,

* and Spirits as aforesaid, are granted and made payable, until

* Twelve Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of

* Peace: And Whereas it is expedient to repeal the said Duties,

* and to impose other Duties in lieu thereof; ’ May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

same, That from and after the Tenth Day of August One thousand Duties on eight hundred and six, all and singular the said Duties shall cease Spirits, &c. in and determine and be no longer payable or paid, save and except Scotland under in all Cases relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears riPc^ec* ^ct* thereof respectively which may at any Time remain unpaid, or to S any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any Time before or on the said Tenth Day of.

M m 4 " Duties

536

C. 102.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 18Off-

Licences to

granted under S9 & 40 G.S. c. 73.

Term to commence on 3. October, Yearly, &c.

" Duties in Schedules A. and B. annexed, granted in lieu of prior Duties. §2. [See Note these SchDuties levied

" by Commissioners of Excise in, under Regulation of

" 28 G.S. c. 46. — 33 G. 3. c. 61. — 35 G. 3. c. 59. 89.- 39

" & 40 G. 3. c. 73. — 45 G. 3. 100, &c. — § 3.; [See Wote <0

Schedules A. anc? B.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Licences to make, distil, make Spirits in rectify or compound Spirits in the Lowlands of Scotland, shall be the Lowlands, grante(j in the Manner and Form directed by an Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the Duties of Excise on Distilleries in Scotland and on the Exportation British made Spirts from England to Scotland, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for altering, amending and continuing certain Acts of Parliament for the Regulation of Distilleries Scotland (a) , save and except that

every such Licence shall commence and take effect from the First Day of October in each Year, and shall be and remain in force and effect for One Year only from the said First Day of October in each Year, and that no such Licence shall be granted, save and except between the said First Day of October and the First Day of November in each Year:Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for any licensed Distiller in the Lowlands of Scotland, to deliver up to the Commissioners of Excise, or to the proper Supervisor or Surveyor of the District, his or their Licence to be vacated on the Terms and Conditions, and at the Time and in the Manner directed by the said Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; any thing in this or any other Act in any wise to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Licences to make or distil Spirits in the Highlands of, shall be granted under

the Hands and Seals of the Collector and Supervisor of Excise of the Collection and District within which the same shall authorize the Distiller or Distillers to whom the same shall be granted to make or distil Spirits; and every such Licence shall commence, take effect, and be in force from the First Day of October (b) in each Year, and shall remain in full force and effect for One Year, and no longer.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Licence shall be granted for distilling Spirits in Scotland until the Person applying for the same shall have paid up the whole of the Duty charged on every former Licence granted to such Distiller, and also the Whole of the Duty charged on all Worts or Wash made, brewed or received, and on Spirits distilled by him by virtue of such Licence.

VII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any Distiller in the Highlands of Scotland shall have brewed, made or received, and distilled into Spirits a Quantity of Wort or Wash, sufficient to produce Seventy five Gallons of Spirits, at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for each and every Gallon of the full Content or Capacity of the Still or Stills specified or mentioned in the Licence granted to such Distiller or Maker of Spirits in the said Highlands, computing Ten Gallons of

(a) [As to Duties payable by Distillers delivering up their Annual Licences before their Expiration, see 48 G. 3. c. 10. § 1.]

(^) [10//i November, 47 G. 3. 2. c, 30. § 16.]

Licences to make Spirits in the Highlands granted Yearly by (Collector and Supervisor.

No Licence granted until former Duties

In what case, as to Highland Distiller, Licence to cease.

AdVISOff.

46° GEO. III. C. 102.

537

such Spirits, of the Strength aforesaid, for every One hundred

Gallons of such Wort or Wash, then and in every such Case the

Licence of such Distiller shall cease and determine, and be no

longer in force:Provided always, nevertheless, that such Distiller Licence may be

or Maker of Spirits in the Highlands of Scotland shall be at renewed.

Liberty to take out a new or fresh Licence, to be granted in the

Manner and on the Terms and Conditions of the first Licence,

save and except that the same shall in no Case be granted for a

longer Term than to the First Day of October then next ensuing,

and such further Licence shall also cease and determine when and

so soon as such Quantity of Worts or Wash as aforesaid shall have

been made, brewed or received, and distilled into Spirits; and at

the Termination of every such Licence within the Year for which

the first Licence was granted, by the Distiller having brewed,

made, received and distilled into Spirits such Quantity of Worts

or Wash as aforesaid, the Distiller or Maker thereof shall be at

Liberty to renew and take out a fresh Licence: Provided also, First Licence

that no Licence shall be granted for distilling Spirits in the High- may be taken

lands of Scotland, save and except to such Person or Persons, and out between

for such Distillery to and for which a Licence shall have been November *

taken out between the First of October and the First Day of yearly. ’

November in each Year, to commence and take effect from the

First Day of October in each Year.

" Licences may be granted to regular entered Distillers in the " Highlands in the present Year, between 10th August and 1st " October, on paying the Duties. § 8.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Quantity of Spirits How quantity-made or distilled, or the Quantity of Wort or Wash brewed, made of Spirits by or received, by which the Termination of the Licence granted to w^lch Termin-any Distiller in the Highlands of Scotland shall be regulated, shall j^to be lcence be reckoned from the Quantity which shall be first produced, until regulated, the full Quantity of either shall be made; and if any surplus Spirits reckoned, shall be made or distilled beyond the Quantity for which the

Licence shall have been granted, without taking out anew or fresh Licence, or if any surplus Wort or Wash shall be remaining after such Quantity of Spirits as aforesaid shall have been made or distilled, then and in every such Case the Distiller or Distillers by whom such surplus Spirits shall be made or distilled, or in whose Custody or Possession such surplus Wort or Wash shall remain or be discovered, shall immediately take out and pay the Duty for a Not renewing new and fresh Licence, or in Default thereof shall forfeit Five Licence for hundred Pounds, together with all such surplus Spirits, Wort Surplus Spirits, and Wash whatever, which shall and may be seized by any Officer c‘ l4_ or Officers of Excise. Penalty 500I.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller in the High- Content of lands of Scotland shall be permitted to erect, set up or use any Highland Still, the cubical Content or Capacity of which, including the Jf*1.1.8; 4010 20 Head and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube or Ga °ns* other Apparatus, under whatever Name or Denomination the same

may be called or known, as high as the Steam can ascend, and until the Top of the Head shall turn downwards, so as to form an Angle of Forty five Degrees, shall exceed Forty, or be less than Twenty Gallons, on pain of forfeiting One hundred Pounds. Penalty look

538

c. 102.

46° GEO. ILL

A.D. 1806.

No Allowance for Waste, &c. in Worts.

16t| Gallons of Spirits charged, &c. for 100 Gallons Waste in the Lowlands.

Duty on Excess, 2s. per Gallon.

In case as to Lowland Distiller, Licence to cease.

Accounts of Lowland Distillers verified on Oath by Brewer, &c.

Penalty 2001.

Ten Gallons of Spirits charged, &c. for 100 Gallons Wash, in the Highlands.

XI. And be it farther enacted, That every Distiller in Scotland shall be charged with, and shall pay the Duties by this Act respectively imposed for all Wort and Wash brewed or made, or received by any such Distiller without any Allowance for Waste, Leakage, Dregs, Sediment or Bottoms whatever.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller in the Lowlands of Scotland shall be charged with and pay the full Duties by this Act imposed on Spirits made or distilled in the Lowlands of Scotland, at and after the Rate of Sixteen Gallons and a Half for every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Wash made, brewed or received by any such Distiller; and every such Distiller shall have Credit and be allowed Permits for Sixteen Gallons and a Half of Spirits, at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Wash as aforesaid brewed, made or received, and actually distilled into Spirits by such Maker or Distiller.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller in the Lowlands of Scotland shall extract, make, distil or produce any Quantity of Spirits exceeding the Proportion of Sixteen Gallons and a Half for every One hundred Gallons of such Wort or Wash as aforesaid, every such Distiller shall pay Duty for all such Spirits exceeding the Proportion aforesaid, at and after the Rate of Two Shillings for every Gallon of such Excess, computed at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, over and above all other Duties on the Licence, or Worts, Wash or Spirits whatsoever.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any Distiller in the Lowlands of Scotland shall have brewed, made or received and distilled into Spirits a Quantity of Worts or Wash sufficient to produce Two thousand and twenty five Gallons of Spirits of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for each and every Gallon of the full Content or Capacity of the Still or Stills specified or mentioned in the Licence granted to such Distiller or Maker of Spirits in the said Lowlands, computing Sixteen Gallons and a Half of such Spirits, of the Strength aforesaid, for every One hundred Gallons of such Worts and Wash, then and in every such Case the Licence of such Distiller shall cease and determine and be no longer in force; any thing in this or any other Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases whatsoever in in which any Distiller in the Lowlands of Scotland is or shall be required by any Law or Laws of Excise now in force to make Oath to any Account or Return whatever, such Account or Return shall at the same Time be verified on Oath by the Brewer or chief Workman of such Distiller, which Oaths shall be administered by any Collector or Supervisor of Excise; and if any such Distiller, Brewer or chief Workman shall neglect or refuse to make out and verify such Account or Return on Oath, he or they shall forfeit, for any such Neglect or Refusal, the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller in the

Highlands of Scotland shall be charged with and pay the full Duties by this Act imposed on Spirits made or distilled in the Highlands o i Scotland, at and after the Rate of Ten Gallons for every

One

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 102.

539

One hundred Gallons of Wort or Wash so made, brewed or received by any such Distiller, and every such Distiller shall have Credit and be allowed Permits for Ten Gallons of Spirits, at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof for every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Wash as aforesaid brewed, made or received, and actually distilled into Spirits, by such Maker or Distiller.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller in the Duty on Ex-Highlands of Scotland shall extract, make, distil or produce any cess, 2s. per Quantity of Spirits exceeding the Proportion of Ten Gallons for Gallon, every One hundred Gallons of such Wort or Wash as aforesaid, every such Distiller shall pay Duty for all such Spirits exceeding the Proportion aforesaid, at and after the Rate of Two Shillings for every Gallon of such Excess, computed at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, over and above all other Duties on the Licence, or Worts, Wash or Spirits whatsoever.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Excess of Spirits, Excess calcu-chargeable by this Act at the Rate of Two Shillings per Gallon, lated under each shall be reckoned upon the full Quantity of Spirits actually made Licence *

or distilled, at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, under each and every particular Licence, to be balanced at the Termination of such Licence; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller in the Highland

Highlands of Scotland shall once in every Six Weeks make out an Distillers to Account of the Quantity of malted and unmalted Corn or Grain make Returns used or employed by him or her in the making or brewing of Wort ^f8

or Wash for Distillation, within the Six Weeks immediately pre- Maltand Grain ceding, and also the Quantity of Wort or Wash brewed or made, used, and and the Quantity of Spirits, at the Strength of One to Ten over Spirits distilled. Hydrometer Proof, distilled or extracted within the same Period;

and every such Distiller, and also his chief Brewer or Workman,

shall make Oath to the Truth of such Account, before the proper On Oath.

Collector or Supervisor of Excise, which Oath such Collector or

Supervisor is hereby authorized to administer; and if any Distiller

or his chief Brewer or Workmen shall neglect or refuse to make

Oath as aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose Penalty 200I.

the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller in Scotland, Returns, or the Brewer or chief Workman of such Distiller, shall make or

give in a false or untrue Entry or Return on Oath of the Quantity

of Malt and unmalted Grain used by him or her in the making or

brewing of Wort or Wash for Distillation, or of the Quantity of

Wort or Wash brewed or made, or of the Quantity of Spirits,

computed at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof,

distilled or extracted by him or her, such Distiller, and his or her

Brewer or chief Workman, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit Penalty 200I.

and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That within Six Weeks after Duties paid

such Accounts on Oath as aforesaid have or ought to have been within Six delivered, every such Distiller in the Highlands of shall Weeks after

pay down the Duty for all such Wort, Wash and Spirits so brewed, e urn* made or distilled as aforesaid, on pain of forfeiting, for every Neglect or Refusal so to do, Double the Amount of the said Duties.

540

Distillers of Spirits for Home Consumption to give Notice of beginning to brew, &c. Vessels to be numbered.

Penalty 50l. Notice of Fermentation.

Penalty 50l.

Regulations as to Samples of Wash.

On Increase of Weight in Wash, ascertained by a Saccharometer, the Wash shall be charged Is. per Gallon extra.

Commissioners of Excise to

C. 102. 46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller of Spirits for the Consumption of Scotland shall, before he begins to use any Batch, Square Tun or other Vessel or Utensil'for fermenting Wort or Wash for the Purpose of Distillation, give Notice thereof in Writing to the proper Officer of Excise, and shall permit such Officer to gauge and ascertain the true Content thereof; and every such Distiller shall moreover mark with a legible Mark the Number of each and every Vessel or Utensil used by him for fermenting Wort or Wash, beginning with Number One, and so on progressively; and if any Distiller shall make use of any such Vessel or Utensil for fermenting Wort or Wash, before giving such Notice thereof in Writing as aforesaid, or before the proper Officer shall have gauged the same, or before the same shall be so numbered as aforesaid, every such Distiller so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller of Spirits for Consumption in Scotland shall, as soon as the Wort' or Wash shall be let down into any Vessel or Utensil used for fermenting the same, and the Wort or Wash shall be prepared or set for Fermentation, make out a Declaration thereof in Writing, specifying the Number or Numbers of the Vessel or Utensil in which such Wort or Wash shall be so prepared or set for Fermentation, and the exact dry or wet Inches of the Vessel or Utensil in which such Wort or Wash shall be so set or prepared, and shall deliver such Declaration to the first Officer or Officers of Excise who shall visit the Distillery for the Purpose of surveying the same, after the Wort or Wash shall be so set for Fermentation as aforesaid, on pain of forfeiting, for every Neglect or Refusal to deliver such Declaration, the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to or for any Officer or Officers of Excise under the Rank of Supervisor or Riding Supervisor to take a Sample of any Wort or Wash brewed, made or received by any Distiller in the Lowlands of

Scotland, until the Expiration of Sixty Hours after the same shall have been prepared or set for Fermentation.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if upon taking an Account of, or ascertaining the Weight or Gravity of the Wort or Wash in any particular Batch, Vessel or Utensil used for fermenting Wort or Wash, by an Instrument called a Saccharometer, it shall appear that the Wort or Wash therein shall have increased in Weight or Gravity since the last preceding Trial of the same, with the same Instrument, to the Extent of Five Degrees as indicated on that Instrument, the Wort or Wash in any and every such Vessel or Utensil shall be deemed and taken to have been fraudulently altered or changed, and the Whole Quantity of Wort and Wash in any and every such Vessel or Utensil shall be charged with Duty at and after the Rate of One Shilling per Gallon, over and above any other Duty that may be chargeable or may have been charged on any Wort or Wash in the same Vessel or Utensil; and the Sum so charged shall be payable and paid at the Times and in the Manner that the other Duties by this Act imposed are required to be paid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, with

the

A.D. 1806.

4.6° GEO. III. C. 102.

541

the Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's provide Treasury, to provide a proper Saccharometer to be used by the Saccharometers. Officers of Excise, under the Authority of this Act, for ascertaining the Weight or Gravity of Worts or Wash to be employed in the Distillation of Spirits.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller in Altering Stills Scotland shall, by any Art or Contrivance whatever, make any to increase Alteration in any Still, Still Head or other Apparatus in any Way t^t Vessed^ connected with such Still, by whatever Name or Denomination

such Apparatus may be called, whereby such Still, including the

Head and other Apparatus as aforesaid, shall be made to contain

a greater Quantity than shall have been ascertained and inserted

in the Licence granted to such Distillers, and in the Books of the

Excise Officers, as the true Content of such Still, including the

Head and other Apparatus as aforesaid, then and in every such

Case every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, for- Penalty 5001.

feit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Grain or other No Grain used Commodity or Material whatever shall be employed or used for or in Highland in the making or brewing Worts or Wash for distilling or extract- distillation, ing Spirits in the Highlands of Scotland, save and except Oats or mentioned.61 Barley, or Beer or Bigg, of the Growth of the said Highlands of

Scotland, or Malt made therefrom; and if any Distiller in the Highlands of Scotland, or the Brewer or Workman of any such Distiller, shall employ or use for or in the making or brewing of Worts or Wash for distilling or extracting Spirits in the Highlands of Scotland any Grain or other Commodity or Material, save and except Oats or Barley, or Beer or Bigg, of the Growth of the said Highlands of Scotland exclusively, or Malt made therefrom, he, she or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum Penalty 200I. of Two hundred Pounds.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller of Spi- Sending out rits for the Consumption of Scotland shall send out any Quantity Spirits without of Spirits without sending therewith a true and lawful Permit, or Permit, shall knowingly suffer any Spirits to be sent out of his Stock without a true and lawful Permit to accompany the same, every such

Distiller, being convicted thereof in due form of Law, shall, over and above all other Penalties and Forfeitures whatever, forfeit and Penalty, lose the Benefit of his Licence; and all Spirits made or distilled And Spirits by any such Person, or by any other Person whatever, in the Still made in the House or Premises used by any such Person, within One Year after such Conviction, shall be deemed and taken to be fraud- ceding deemed ulently made without Licence or Entry, and the Person or Persons to be made making the same shall be liable and subject to the Penalties and without Forfeitures incurred by Persons making or distilling Spirits with- Licence, &c. out Licence or Entry.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller of or Receiving or Dealer in Spirits, or other Person in Scotland, entered or not en- carryg tered, shall sell or send out, or shall knowingly suffer to be sent ^itish^irits out of his or her Stock, Custody or Possession, or shall receive or without Permit, knowingly suffer to be received into his or her Stock, Custody or Possession, or suffer any other Person, for his or her Use or Account, to receive at any One Time any Foreign or British Spirits exceeding the Quantity of Two Gallons, without the same being

accompanied

54 2

[Penalty.]

What Proofs admitted of Permit having been obtained.

Private Persons to send Permits to Excise Officer.

Excess of Spirits in Stock.

Penalty 2001.

C. 102. 46° GEO. III. A.D. TS06.

accompanied with a true and lawful Permit; or if any Carrier, Boatman or other Person in Scotland shall knowingly carry, remove or transport, or , by Means of his Horse, Cart, Vessel, Boat or other Conveyance shall knowingly suffer to be carried, removed or transported, or shall be aiding or assisting in carrying, removing or transporting from any Part of Scotland to another Part thereof any Foreign or British Spirits, at One Time, exceeding the Quantity of Two Gallons, without being accompanied with a true and lawful Permit, every such Distiller, Dealer, Carrier, Boatman or other Person whatsoever shall, /or each and every Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, over and above every Penalty and Forfeiture to which he or she is or may be liable in or by virtue of this or of any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, or which may be in force at the Time of passing this Act.

XXXI. And be further enacted, That when any Suit or Action shall be commenced, or Information filed or exhibited against any Person receiving such Foreign or British Spirits, unaccompanied with a true and lawful Permit, for the Recovery of any Penalty or Forfeiture in such Case by this Act imposed, it shall be sufficient for the Defendant or Defendants to prove that a lawful Permit to accompany the Removal of such Spirits was duly obtained by the Party selling or sending out the same, and that there had been a corresponding Decrease in the Stock of the Seller or Sender out thereof, to answer the Quantity of such Spirits so sent out and removed, and upon such Proof being made, such Spirits shall be adjudged to have been legally received, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and provided always, that where the Persons receiving such Spirits (he or she not being an entered Distiller of or Dealer in Spirits) shall, within Ten Days from the Receipt thereof, send or deliver to the nearest Officer of Excise the Permit which actually accompanied the same, every such private Person so delivering the Permit as aforesaid shall be held and deemed to have complied with the Provisions of this Act, in respect to the receiving of such Spirits.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if on taking and casting the Stock of any Distiller or Maker of Spirits in, at

the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, any Officer of Excise shall find the Quantity of Spirits contained in such Stock to exceed the Quantity in such Stock at the Time of taking the last preceding Account thereof, by any Officer or Officers of Excise, added to the Quantity of Spirits since charged by any such Officer or Officers, and also the Quantity of Spirits received by or with any legal Permit or Permits, and after making the proper Deduction or Allowance for the Quantity of Spirits for which Permits shall have been since granted to such Distiller or Maker, then and in every such Case such Excess shall be deemed and taken to have been fraudulently made, and shall be forfeited and lost, and a Quantity equal to the Quantity so found in Excess shall and may be seized and taken by any Officer of Excise from and out of any Part of such Stock, and the Person or Persons in whose Stock such Excess shall be found shall also forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 102.

5 43

XXXIII. And Whereas Persons who are immediately concerned in the making of Spirits privately, or are connected with others employed in such unlawful Practices, frequently escape Punishment, either on Account of their Poverty, or because no direct Proof can be adduced that they were actually employed or connected with others in such private Distillation, although it may be evident that such private Distillation could not be carried on without their Knowledge and Consent For Remedy whereof be it enacted, That in every Case where sufficient Proof Private shall not be adduced to convict the Party of having been actually employed or concerned in such private Distillation, it shall be lawful to offer Proof, and for the Court before whom the Case shall be heard to receive Proof, that the private Distillery was carried on in some Part of the House, Outhouses, Yards, Gardens or Premises belonging to or in the Occupation of the Party accused, and that from the Situation of the Place or other Circumstances, such private Distillation was or must have been carried on with the Knowledge and Privity of the Party accused, and in such Case to fine the Party in any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, nor less than Twenty Pounds; and in case the Fine be not immediately Penalty or paid, to commit the Party to the Jail or Prison of the County, Imprisonment, for any time not exceeding Six Months, unless the Fine be sooner paid.

XXXIV. And Whereas when the Officers of Excise have discovered private or unlawful Distilleries, it has often been found impossible or difficult to remove the Spirits, 'Materials and Uten- oils to a Place of Safety For Remedy whereof be it enacted,

That when any Officer or Officers of Excise shall find or discover Spirits seized any unlawful Distillery in any Part of Sc, it shall and may private be lawful to and for such Officer or Officers, at his or their Dis- ilkd^&c37 cretion, immediately upon the Discovery of such private or un- P lawful Distillery, and the Seizure of any Spirits or Materials, Implements or Utensils for Distillation, effectually to spill, break up and destroy the same; any thing in this, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in any wise to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Officers of

lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs, Customs and he and they are hereby authorized and required to search for en?Powfred to private and unlawful Distilleries in any Part of, and to unlawfu^Stills

seize all private and unlawful Stills, Implements, Utensils and Ma- and Utensils, terials for unlawful Distillation, together with all Spirits which any

such Officer or Officers shall discover to have been unlawfully distilled or made, in like Manner as any Officer or Officers of Excise is or are authorized or empowered to do by any Law or Laws made or to be made; and such Officer or Officers of the Customs Reward to shall be entitled to the like Rewards as are by Law given to the Officer. Officers of Excise in such Cases.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Malt shall be re- Removing Malt moved, carried or conveyed from any One Place in the Highlands within or into of Scotland to any other Place in the said Highlands, or from any Highlands Place without the said Highlands to any Place within the said wlthoutPeraut* Highlands, unless accompanied with a true and lawful Permit (according to such Form as shall be provided by the Commissioners

of Excise) from the proper Officer of Excise j on pain of forfeiting Penalty, all such Malt as shall be removed, carried or conveyed without

54-4?

C. 102.

46 GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Dealers in Malt entitled to Permits on Request Notes.

Duration of

Permit

specified.

Delivery of Permits to Officer.

Forging or

altering

Permits.

Penalty 2001.

Spirits seized in any Island within the Highlands, or in the Highlands, sold where seized.

45 G.3. c. 100. §1.

such Permit, together with the Package containing the same, and also the Horses, Cattle, Carts, Waggons and other Carriages, or Boats or Vessels employed in removing, carrying and conveying the same, and the same may and shall be seized by any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Maker of or Dealer in Malt shall, upon his Request Note in Writing to the proper Officer of Excise of the Division within which sach Maker of or Dealer in Malt shall reside, be entitled to a Permit to accompany any Malt intended to be removed:Provided always, that such Request Note shall specify the Name and Place of Abode of the Person from and the Person to whom the Malt is to be sent, and also the Name and Place of Abode of the Person by whom the Malt was made, and the Quantity of the Malt to be removed, and by what Conveyance.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That each and every Officer of Excise, who shall grant or issue any Permit for the Removal of any Malt, shall specify therein the Time for which such Permit shall be in force, allowing a reasonable Time for the Removal thereof, according to the Distance and Mode of Conveyance.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all such Permits shall be delivered up to the proper Officer of Excise of the Division within which the Person shall reside to whom the Malt shall be delivered, within Ten Days from the Date thereof, on pain of forfeiting, for every Neglect or Refusal to deliver up such Permit, the Sum of Forty Shillings.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall forge or counterfeit any Permit for the Removal of Malt, or fraudulently alter or erase any such Permit after the same shall have been granted by the proper Officer of Excise, every Person so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XLI. And be it further enacted, .That all British Spirits seized in any Island within the Highlands of Scotland shall, after Condemnation, be sold in the Island in which the same shall have been seized, for the Consumption of such Island only; and that all British Spirits seized on the Mainland in the said Highlands of Scotland shall, after Condemnation, be sold for the Consumption of the Highlands of Scotland only, and shall not be allowed or permitted to be removed or carried to any Place within the Lowlands of Scotland, on pain of being again forfeited, together with the

Casks and Vessels containing the same, and also the Horses, Cattle, Carts, Waggons or other Carriages, or Boats or Vessels used or employed in removing the same, and the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XLII. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year < of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for letter

regulating the distilling of Spirits England for Exportation to < Scotland, and in Scotland for Exportation to England, for the

* better securing the Duties payable, and for altering the

Time of making Entry and granting Licences to distil Spirits for ‘Scotland, certain-Regulations are made with respect to the Dis-

tances between the Houses or Places entered in England and in

Scotland for making or distilling of Spirits for Exportation from any One of the said Parts of the United Kingdom to the other

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III.

545

C. 102.

* of them: And Whereas the Distances prescribed by the said Act may be found inconvenient Be it therefore enacted, That no Person in the Lowlands of Scotland shall make or distil, nor shall any Distiller in the said Lowlands keep any Spirits for the Consumption of Scotland or for Exportation to, or to Foreign

Parts, in any House or Place, entered or not entered, within the Distance of Two hundred Yards, measured in a straight Line from any House or Place which shall then be, or within One Year immediately preceding shall have been entered or used by any Distiller for making, distilling or keeping Spirits for any Purpose whatsoever, on pain of forfeiting the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; any thing in this or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall molest, hinder, disturb, oppose or impede any Officer or Officers in the due Execution of the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted, or any or either of them, every Person so offending shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such Ways, Means and Methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to repeal or alter any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, relating to making or distilling Spirits in Scotland, or any of the Clauses or Provisoes therein, (save and except the Duties respectively by this Act expressly repealed, and save and except so far as any such Act or Acts, or the Clauses, Provisions, Powers or Authorities therein contained or granted are repealed, revoked, altered or contracted by this present Act or repugnant to any of the provisions herein contained,) but that all and singular the said former Acts, and the several Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Powers and Authorities therein contained or granted, and the Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures incurred, or thereby imposed or provided for any Breach or Non Observance of the same, except as aforesaid, shall remain and continue in as full Force and Effect as if this Act had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

* Duties inSched. (A) carried to Consolidated Fund. £75, 520.15s. " set aside Quarterly as the Produce under 39 & 40 G. 3, 73. " — 43 G. 3. c. 69. and applied to Charge of Stock created this u Session. § 46. Accounts of the Residue shall be kept separate " for 10 Years, and annually laid before Parliament. § 47. Du-u ties in Schedule (B) shall continue till 12 Months after the u Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, and be paid into 46 Geo. III. N n the

Distances between Distilleries, &c. in the Lowlands.

Obstructing

Officers.

Penalty 2001.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Proviso for Former Acts.

546

EXP.

EXP.

C. 102 — 105. 46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

" the Exchequer, and a separate Account to be kept thereof, and

" applied to Services of 1806, or any subsequent Year. § 4-8.

[Duties in Schedules (A) 8f (B), 54 G. 3. c. 172. $ 1.]

Cap. cm.

An Act for allowing, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and seven, the Importation of certain Fish from Newfoundland, and the Coast of, and

for granting a Bounty thereon.

[16th 1806.]

CAP. CIV.

An Act for continuing, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and seven, an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for allowing, under certain Restrictions, the bringing a limited Quantity of Coals, Culm or Cinders to London and Westminster, by Inland Navigation.

[16th July 1806.]

CAP. CV.

An Act to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships and Stores, at Portsmouth; and for extending the Lines and Works at Dover.

[16th 1806.]

4 \XJ HERE AS, for better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships of War and Stores at Porand for extending the Lines and Works at Dover, it is necessary to erect and raise additional Fortifications at or near the Town of Gosport in the County of Southampton, and at or near the Town and Port of Dover, in the County of Kent; and in order thereunto, to purchase the Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments hereinafter mentioned: And Whereas the said Messuages, Lands,

4 Tenements and Hereditaments are or may be vested in, or belong to, Infants, Femes Covert, Trustees or other Persons, who by Law are disabled to make any Contracts or Conveyances; in all which Cases, as also when any Owner or other Persons entitled to or interested in the same, designing to obstruct the public Service, or to make any unreasonable Gain to themselves,

insist on extravagant Rates, it will be necessary to have Recourse to the same Methods that have been taken in Cases of the like Nature: To the End therefore that the true and real Value of the said Estates, Rights and Interests, may be ascertained, and the Owners and Proprietors thereof, or Persons entitled thereto,

may have a just and reasonable Satisfaction for the same Be it enacted, &c.

44 Certain Lands and Premises vested in Trustees, situate near Gosport and Dover, described and vested in the Right Honour able Charles Abbot, Sir William Heathcote Baronet, William Chuie Esquire, Filmer Honeywood Esquire, and Sir William Geary Baronet, their Heirs and Assigns, in Trust for the Owners,

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 105, 106.

547

i(till taken Possession of by the Principal Officers of the Ordnance,

£< and Purchase Money paid, &c. § 1. Compensation agreed <£ on, or assessed by a Jury, shall be paid out of the next Aids.

§ 2. His Majesty empowered to appoint (by Letters Patent)

" Commissioners to ascertain Titles to the Premises, and the Value thereof, who may proceed in a summary Way, on Testimony by u Oath, Inspection of Deeds or Inquest of Twelve Men. Judg-<(ments of such Commissioners shall be entered in Books, and <£ engrossed on Parchment, and certified to the Clerk of the " Crown in Chancery, and the King’s Remembrancer in the Court 61 of Exchequer, and shall be final. § 3. The said Commissioners <£ so to be appointed empowered to treat with the Owners of Premises. In case of Neglect or Refusal to treat, &c. Premises shall be valued by the Commissioners, who may summon a Jury il for that Purpose. § 4. 8. After Payment of Money assessed,

" Premises shall vest in the Trustees for the Use of His Majesty. u §9. Premises liable to Tithes, Land Tax, &c. shall continue C(subject thereto. § 10. Commissioners shall not be liable to <e Penalties under 25 C. 2. c. 2. and 1 W. & M.sess. 1. c. 8. — 13&

<£ 14 W. 3. c. 6. or 1 G. 1. stat. 2. c. 13. nor disqualified from sitting in the House of Commons. § 11, 12.

[See 49 G. 3. c. 39. and c. cxxxvii.]

CAP. CVI.

An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Tilings under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland.

[16th July 1806.]

£ TX WHEREAS it is expedient to provide for the more effectual

* Execution of the several Acts in force in relat-

* ing to the several Revenues, Matters and Things under the

* Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties,

1 and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland: '

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the Authority of the same, That all and every the Powers, Autho- 14 & l Car. rities, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters c-8* (L) and Things whatsoever, contained in Two Acts made in the Par- 14 & 15 Car.2. liament of Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Extended to all

Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, the one in- Acts in force tituled An Act for the settling of the Excize or new Impost upon His in Ireland, Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, according to the Booh of Rates relating to therein inserted; and the other, intituled An Act for settling the ^Ia!trs Subsidie of Poundage> and granting a and CommiSone°rs

other Sums of Money, unto His Royal Majesties His Heirs and of Customs and Successors, the same to be paid upon Merchandizes imported and ex- of Excise; and ported into or out of the Kingdom of Ireland, according to a Booh of to Powers give Rates hereunto annexed, shall respectively extend and be construed Comncuy to extend to, and shall be applied and made use of in the Execution 4g of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to any of the Re- *

venues, Matters and Things whatsoever under the Management of

Nn 2 the

548

C. 106.

A.D. 1806.

Officers may be appointed and paid by Commissioners, with Approbation of Lord Lieutenant.

Salary or Poundage of Commissioners and Sub

46° GEO. III.

the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or under the Management of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, in the Exercise of the Commissions of the said Commissioners, and in the Management of all and every the several Matters and Things by Law put under their Management and Governance, so far as the said recited Acts are applicable or can be applied to such Matters and Things respectively, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said recited Acts, and the several Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things whatsoever therein contained, were repeated and re-enacted in this Act, and were applied to the Execution of all the said Acts, Matters and Things respectively; and according to the Powers which are or may be vested in the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or in the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively, under or by virtue or in pursuance of an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled Act for establish-

ing certain Regulations in the Collection and Management of His Majesty's Revenues of Customs, Excise and Taxes Ireland, except only so far as such Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, are expressly altered or repealed by the said last recited Act or this Act, or by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the said Revenues of Customs, Excise and Taxes, or either of them.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Collectors, Clerks, Searchers, Waiters, Messengers, and all other Officers whatsoever in the Customs or Excise respectively, or concerned or engaged in or about the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or under the Management of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively, or either of them, shall be appointed; and all Appointments of the said Officers shall be made by the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively, under their Hands and Seals, with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being; and the said Commissioners respectively, with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall have full Power to displace the said Officers, or any of them, from time to time, and to place others in their Room, and to allow them and every of them such several Yearly Wages, to be paid them Quarterly, and other incidental Rewards for their Pains and Services, as they shall think fit, such Wages and Rewards to be paid out of the Revenues under the Management of the said Commissioners respectively; and such Officers respectively shall have the same Powers and Authorities, and be subject to the same Forfeitures, Penalties, Suspensions, Removals and Regulations, in all Respects, as is or are provided by the said recited Acts, or by any other Act or Acts in force in

Ireland, relating to such Officers respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners and Subordinate Commissioners, or Sub Commissioners and Collectors of the Revenues under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the said Commissioners of Inland

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 106.

549

land Excise and Taxes respectively, shall have, for their several Pains in and about the Business under their Care and Management respectively, such reasonable Sums of Money allowed them, by way of Poundage or otherwise, as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being shall think fit.

IV. And Whereas Commissioners of Customs and Excise are, 4 as the Law now stands, to take the Oaths of Office, and be sworn into their Office before the Lord Chief Baron, or in his Absence, before the Chancellor of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, or One of the Barons thereof, which has frequently, on

account of their Absence, proved inconvenient Be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Chancellor of,

or Keeper or Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal thereof, or for the Lord Chief Baron, or in his Absence for the Chancellor of the Court of Exchequer in, or One of the

Barons thereof, or for the Lord Chief Justice, or for any of the Judges of His Majesty's Courts of King’s Bench or Common Pleas in Ireland for the time being respectively, to administer the Oaths of Office to any Person or Persons appointed to be a Commissioner or Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or a Commissioner or Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in, and they

are hereby empowered to administer such Oath accordingly.

V. And Whereas it may be inconvenient to require the Attendance of the several Officers of Customs, Excise and Taxes in Dublin, in order to qualify themselves for their several Employments; ’ Be it enacted, That all and every Persons and Person appointed to any Office or Employment in the Revenue of Customs or Excise, or concerned or engaged in or about the Revenues under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, shall and may, with the Consent of the said Commissioners respectively, take the Oath of Office, or any other Oaths which he or they are respectively directed or required by Law to take, before their entering on their respective Offices, either before such Person or Persons as are now authorized to administer the same, or before the Collector of the District where such Officer shall be appointed to reside, of and in the several and respective Counties, Counties of Towns, and Counties of Cities in Ireland, where such Officer or Officers shall be appointed to reside; and such Collector is hereby empowered and required to administer the said Oath or Oaths accordingly,

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Collector of Customs or Excise, or of any of the Revenues under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, shall, to every Quarterly Account by him sent up to the said Commissioners respectively, annex the following Affidavit, to be by him signed, and made before a Justice of the Peace within the City or County where such Collector shall reside; (that is to say,)

4 J A.B.Collector of Customs [Excise, as the Case may , 3 4 do swear, That I have carefully perused and examined the foregoing Account of Receipts and Payments for His Majesty’s

N n 3 4 Use,

Commissioners allowed by Lord Lieutenant.

By whom Oath administered to Commissioners.

Officers of Customs and Excise to take Oath of Office, &c. as herein mentioned

Oath of Collectors to Quarterly Accounts.

.550

Oaths by Collectors to Yearly Accounts before Justices of Peace valid.

Offences committed in the Port and District of Dublin tried before Chief Commissioners of Customs and Excise respectively.

C. 106. 46° GEO. III. A.DM 806.

* Use, for the Quarter ending the Day of

* last, containing Pages, and have carefully compared

the same with the several Vouchers and Entries, and that the same

* is, to the best of my Knowledge, Judgment and Belief, a just and

* true Account, and contains all the Receipts and Payments which

* I, as Collector, am accountable for, within the Period of Time therein comprehended; and further, that the several Arrears re-

* turned in the said Account are really due and lying out uncol-

* lected, as I verily believe. " 4 So help me GOD. ’

VII. And, to obviate the Inconvenience which may arise to the Public by the Absence of the Collectors of Customs or Excise in Ireland from their respective Districts, for the Purpose of swearing to their annual Accounts before the Court of Exchequer; Be it enacted, That any Oath made by the several Collectors of Customs or Excise respectively, of the Truth of their respective Accounts, before any Justice of the Peace, shall be equally valid, to all Intents and purposes, as if the same were made before the Court or any of the Barons of the Exchequer; any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the City, Suburbs and Liberties of Dublin, and the Port of, and the several Creeks

and Members thereof, and all Parishes, Parts and Places of the City and County of the City of Dublin, and County of, and all and

every the Baronies, Parts and Places of the same, shall be subject to the Rule and Government of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, in all Matters relating^ to the collecting, managing and levying all Revenues of Customs and Port Duties, and all Revenues of Inland Excise and Taxes, and all Revenues whatever under the Management of the said Commissioners, or either of them, within the same; and thfit all Complaints and Informations for the Recovery of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture for any Offence against, or any Breach of any Act or Acts in force in landr, relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, which shall be committed, within the District comprehending the said City, Suburbs and Liberties of, and the Port of

Dublin, and the several Creeks and Members thereof, and all Parishes, Parts and Places of the City and County of the City of Dublin, and County of Dublin, and all and every the Baronies,

Parts and Places of the same, shall be heard and determined (subject to such Appeal as is hereinafter mentioned) by the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or any Three of them; and all Complaints and Informations for the Recovery of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, for any Offence against, or any Breach of, any Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, committed or to be committed within the said District, shall be heard and determined (subject to such Appeal as is hereinafter mentioned) by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Three of them; and such Commissioners respectively shall give Judgment and award Execution accordingly; and no Complaint or Information for the Recovery

21 of

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 106.

551

of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture for any Offence against, or any Breach of any such Act, which shall be committed within the said District, shall be heard, tried or determined by any subordinate Commissioners or Sub Commissioners; any Law, Custom or Usage to the Contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Commissioners for the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and for of Customs and the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively,

or any Three or more of them respectively, and they are hereby ^tion respectively authorized and empowered, from time to time, to ap- Lieutenant, point so many and such Subordinate Commissioners or Sub Com- appoint Sub missioners, in and for any and every District in Ireland (except in Commissioners the District comprehending the said City, Suburbs and Liberties ^LtrymS of Dublin, and the Port of Dublin, and the several Creeks and Dis^ictVxcept '

Members thereof, and all Parishes, Parts and Places of the City Dublin, subject and County of the City of Dublin, and County of, and all to such Regul-

and every the Baronies, Parts and Places of the same,) as the said ations as are or Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and the said Commis- may be enacted, sioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively, or any Three or more of them respectively, shall from time to time find necessary, to be approved of by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, for the Purpose of hearing and determining all Complaints and Informations for the Recovery of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues of Customs or Excise, or to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners respective ^, for any Offence against, or any Breach of any such Act, and to give Judgment and award Execution accordingly; and that the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively, or any Three or more of them respectively, shall have full Power to displace such Subordinate or Sub Commissioners respectively, or any of them, from time to time, as any Three or more of such Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively shall think fit, and to place others in their Room, with the like Approbation, subject to such Regulations, Conditions and Provisoes, as are or shall be enacted by Law in respect thereof.

X. And be it further enacted, That not fewer than Three of Three

such Commissioners or Sub Commissioners respectively, in their Commissioners respective Districts, shall at any Time proceed to hear, try and or Sub determine any Complaint or Information for or relating to any Commissioners Offence against any Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the xrialslUm °n Revenues of Customs and Excise, or to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or under the Management of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or to give Judgment or award Execution thereon (a); and that any Judgment or Execution which shall be given or awarded by the Majority sitting on the Trial of any such Complaint or Information, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any thing in the said recited Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the (a) [. Proceedings on such Trials to be mthout, 48 G. 3. c. 62.

§ 2. and see as to Notice of Trials, 49 G. 3. c. 116. § 1.]

N n Reign

552

0. K)6.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 180&

Persons interested trying Offenee.

Penalty 2001. Persons refusing to take the Oath disqualified, & c.

Trials not adjourned unless on Affidavit of Cause, See.

Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, for the settling the Excise -or new Impost upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or in this Act, or in any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall hear, try

or determine, any Complaint or Information for or relating to any Offence against any Act or Acts in force in, relating to-

the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, or Shall give Judgment or award Execution thereon, in any Case in which such Person shall be personally interested or concerned, directly or indirectly, in the Matter or Complaint to be tried, or if he is to gain or lose thereby, on any Account whatsoever; and every Person authorized and appointed to hear, try and determine any such Complaint or Information, shall, if thereto required by the Party or Parties against whom such Complaint or Information is filed, or in case such Complaint or Information shall be against any Ship or Goods, then, if required by the Claimant thereof, take an Oath that he is not interested or concerned, directly or indirectly, in the Matter or Complaint then depending before him, and that he is not to gain or lose thereby, on any Account whatsoever, which Oath the Clerk or Person who shall attend for the Purpose of taking down the Depositions of Witnesses at the Trial of such Complaint or Information, ' or any of the Persons authorized and appointed to hear, try and determine such Complaint or Information, is hereby authorized and required to administer; and if any Person shall proceed to hear, try or determine any such Complaint or Information, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, such Person shall, for every such Trial so proceeded on, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and if such Person shall refuse to take such Oath, such Person shall be and is hereby disqualified and rendered incapable to hear, try, determine or give Judgment upon the Matter then depending before him, and contained in any such Complaint or Information; and all Proceedings to be had before him after such Refusal shall be null and void.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for

any Court of Commissioners or Sub Commissioners, sitting to hear, try or determine any Complaint or Information for any Offence against any Act or Acts in force in , relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things, under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, to adjourn the Trial of any such Complaint or Information after the Examination of any Witness on the Trial of such Complaint or Information shall have commenced, except from Day to Day, for the Purpose of further trying such Complaint or Information

(Sundays and Holidays excepted) , unless by the Consent of both Parties, or upon some good and sufficient Cause, to be assigned upon Oath by One of the Parties applying for such Adjournment, or his or their Agent or Solicitor, or unless upon some good and sufficient Cause, to be assigned upon Oath by One or more of such Sub Commissioners so sitting, to hear, try and determine such Complaint or Information, if any Adjournment shall be desired and

applied

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 106.

556

Applied for by him or them: Provided always that it shall and may be lawful for any Three Commissioners sitting to hear, try or determine any such Complaint or Information, to adjourn for any Time not exceeding Forty eight Hours; and every such Adjournment and Cause, upon Oath, or otherwise, shall be entered in the Proceedings of the Court, and made a Part of the Transmiss.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Action, Information, Indictment, Suit or Prosecution, shall be commenced or prosecuted by or against any Officer of Customs or Excise, or any Officer appointed by or acting under the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, for any Matter or Thing done contrary to or in the Execution, or by reason or by or under Colour of any Act or Acts in force in, relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners, or either of them, it shall be lawful for such Officer to take Exception to any of the Jurors returned for the Trial of any such Action, Information, Indictment, Suit or Prosecution, who shall be of the same Business, Trade or Calling, as any Plaintiff, Defendant, Prosecutor or Traverser in any such Action, Information, Indictment, Suit or Prosecution respectively; and that it shall be lawful for any such Plaintiff, Defendant, Prosecutor or Traverser, to take Exception to any Officer of Customs or Excise, or Officer appointed by or acting under the said Commissioners, or either of them, who shall be returned as a Juror for the Trial of any such xlction, Information, Indictment, Suit or Prosecution; and upon Proof of such Exception respectively, every such Juror shall be set aside, as in the Case of other legal Challenges.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That on the Trial of any

Action, Information, Indictment, Suit or Prosecution, for or concerning any Matter or Thing done by or against any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise, or any Officer appointed by or acting under the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, when acting in Execution of any of the Provisions of this Act, or any Act or Acts in force in, relating to the

Revenues, Matters and Things, under the Management of the said Commissioners, or either of them, where it may be necessary to prove the Commission or Commissions of any Person acting as a Sub Commissioner or other Officer, an attested Copy of the Registry or Entry of the Commission or Appointment of such Sub Commissioner or other Officer, in any of the Books of or belonging to the said Commissioners respectively, or in the Books of the Collector of Customs or Excise for the District within which such Person acted as a Sub Commissioner or other Officer, shall be admitted as Evidence that such Person was a legal Sub Commissioner or other Officer, and that such Person had Authority to act as such Sub Commissioner or Officer, without producing the Commission by which such Person was appointed: And that where it may be necessary to prove any Proceeding, Decree or Order of the Commissioners for Appeals, a true Copy of any such Proceeding, Decree or Order of the said Commissioners for Appeals, attested by their Registrar for the time being, shall be admitted to

Adjournment entered on Proceedings.

Jurors of the same Trade as Defendants, and Officers of Revenue, returned as Jurors, may be challenged.

Entry in Books of Commissioners or Collector, admitted as Proof of Commission.

Proofs of Proceedings of Commissioners of Appeals.

554?

C. 106.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

For summoning, &c. Parties and Witnesses in Jurisdictions other than where the Offence is tried.

Affidavit for Summons.

Isuing Summons without Affidavit. Penalty 50l. Refusing to obey.

Penalty 501.

14 & 15 Car. 2. (I.) sess. 4. c. 8. §54.

Party

aggrieved or dis-satisfied with Judgment of Commissioners of Customs or Excise, or Sub Commissioners, may appeal.

to be read in Evidence, as if the original Decree or Order of the said Commissioners were produced and proved.

XV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Information shall be exhibited in the proper District for exhibiting such Information, any Witnesses or Parties residing in any other District of Ireland may be summoned to appear upon the Trial thereof, in the same Manner as if the Person or Persons so summoned was or were resident and found within the District where such Information was exhibited; and also, that any Warrant of Distress against any Offender, or for Imprisonment of any such Offender, where no sufficient Distress may be had, which shall be issued under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in, relating to the

Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, may and shall be executed upon the Goods and Chattels, or on the Person of such Offender, in any Part or Place in, in the

same Manner as such Warrants might have been executed in the District where the Information was exhibited: Provided always, that no Summons shall issue against any Person to be a Witness, until it shall appear by the Affidavit of some Person, to be made before a Commissioner or Sub Commissioner within the District where such Information is exhibited, that he is advised, and verily believes, that the Person to be summoned is a material Witness on the Trial of the said Information; and that every Officer who shall issue such Summons without such Affidavit previously made, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and in case any Person who shall be summoned by virtue of this Act to be a Witness as aforesaid shall wilfully neglect or refuse to appear, or appearing shall refuse to give his or her Testimony concerning the Matter in Question, every such Person for such Neglect or Refusal shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XVI. And Whereas by the said recited Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of King Charles the Second, for settling of the Excise or new Impost upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, it is amongst other Things provided, that if any Dif-4ference or other Matter of Controversy or Difficulty happen to arise between any Merchant, Trader or Dealer, and the Commissioners, Sub Commissioners, Collectors or other Officers; or if any Person or Persons shall judge him or themselves aggrieved or injured with any Manner of Proceedings had or done by the Commissioners, Sub Commissioners, Collectors or other Officers, < that it shall and may be lawful for every such Person or Persons to make his Appeal to the Lord Lieutenant, Lord Deputy or other Chief Governor or Governors and Privy Council of,

or such Persons as they should appoint by Commission under the Great Seal: And Whereas it is expedient to amend the said recited Provisions Be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person, whether Informer, Claimant or Defendant, who shall think himself or herself aggrieved or injured by, or who shall be dis-satisfied with, any Judgment or Sentence of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or their Sub Commissioners respectively, to make his or her Appeal unto the said Lord LieuT

tenant,

A.D. 1806. 46° GEO. III. C. 106.

tenant, Lord Deputy, or other chief Governor or Governors and Privy Council of Ireland, or to such Commissioners of Appeals appointed or to be appointed pursuant to the said recited Act: Provided always, that such Appeal shall be made within the Space of Two Calendar Months next after such Judgment or Sentence shall be given, and in Default thereof, that no such Appeal shall afterwards be received; provided also, that the Party who shall make any such Appeal shall serve the Injunction grounded upon such Appeal within the Space of Twenty Days next after such Appeal shall be lodged, or in Default thereof, such Judgment or Sentence so appealed from shall be final and conclusive.

XVII. And Whereas the Commissioners appointed for hearing

* and determining Appeals are, by the said last recited Act of the 1 Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty

* King Charles the Second, directed to take the Oath in the said

* Act set forth upon such their Appointment, which Oath the

* Chief Baron of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer is thereby

* authorised to administer; Be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Chancellor of the said Court of Exchequer, or for any One of the Barons thereof, or for the Lord Chancellor of Ireland, or the Keeper of the Great Seal thereof, or for the Commissioners for the Custody of the said Great Seal for the time being, to administer the Oath required to be taken by the said recited Act, to such Person and Persons as shall or may be from time to time appointed a Commissioner or Commissioners for Appeals, and they are hereby authorized to administer such Oath.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That when any Appeal shall be brought before the said Commissioners for Appeals from any Judgment or Sentence of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, or their Sub Commissioners respectively, the said Commissioners or Sub Commissioners respectively, by whom such Judgment or Sentence shall have been had or given, shall, within Twenty one Days next after Service of the Injunction to stop their Proceedings, transmit, or cause to be transmitted, under Cover, sealed up, and directed to the Registrar of the said Commissioners for Appeals, a true Copy ', attested by One of the said Commissioners or Sub Commissioners, of all the Proceedings and Proofs in the Cause in which such Judgment or Sentence was given; and in Default thereof, such Commissioners or Sub Commissioners shall respectively forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds each, unless the Delay (if any shall happen) be satisfactorily accounted for by Affidavit before the Commissioners for Appeals.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person shall be summoned to appear before the said Commissioners for Appeals, and shall neglect or refuse to appear, or appearing shall refuse to give his or her Testimony concerning the Matter in Question, or shall neglect or refuse to deliver or cause to be delivered such Papers and Writings as he or she shall be required to Reliver by an Order in Writing from the said Commissioners for Appeals, or their Registrar, as shall then be in his or her Possession or Power to transmit and deliver, every such Person shall, for every such Neglect or Refusal, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

555

Limitation of Appeal.

Commissioners of Appeal may be sworn before Chancellor, or Baron of Exchequer, &c.

On Appeal, Evidence sent to

Commissioners of Appeal by Commissioners who gave the Judgment.

[Penalty.]

Witnesses refusing to attend, or give Evidence or send Papers before

Commissioners of Appeals.

Penalty 201.

55 6

C. 106.

4>6« GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Commissioners of Appeals may remand Cases not fully tried.

Commissioners of Appeals may empower Persons to take Affidavits.

Fee.

Form of Caption of such Affidavits.

No Judgment reversed for Informality.

On Trial of Information, «&c. Judge may certify probable Cause of Seizure, &c.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever it shall appear on any Appeal to the said Commissioner? for Appeals, that the Merits of any Case have not been tried, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for Appeals to remand the Proceedings in every such Case to the Commissioners or Sub Commissioners respectively by and before whom the Judgment or Sentence appealed against was given, to the End that the Merits of every such Cause may be duly tried.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners for Appeals, or any Two or more of them, by Commission under their Hands and Seals, from time to time to authorize and empower such Person or Persons as they shall think fit, in the several Counties in Ireland, to be Commissioners to take and receive Affidavits in any Cause depending, or other Proceedings in Causes of Appeals, before the said Commissioners for Appeals; and Affidavits taken before such Person or Persons as aforesaid shall be of the same Force as Affidavits taken before the said Commissioners for Appeals are or may be; and for swearing and taking such Affidavit, the Person so empowered or taking the same shall receive a Fee of One Shilling and Sixpence British, and no more.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Affidavit taken by any Commissioner authorized as aforesaid shall be read or made use of before the Commissioners for Appeals, unless the Commissioner or Person who takes the same shall mention in the Caption thereof the Day of the Month, and the Year when, and also the Place in the City, Town or County, where the same shall be sworn, and that he knows the Deponent, or has been credibly informed and believes that he is the Person mentioned and described in such Affidavit.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Judgment or Sentence of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or of their Subordinate Commissioners or Sub Commissioners respectively, or of any other Person or Persons authorized to hear or determine any Matters under this Act, shall be reversed for any Informality, Imperfection or other Defect in Form, either in the Information, Proceedings or Judgment exhibited before or given by them respectively.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Information shall be commenced and brought to Trial on account of any Seizure made by virtue of this or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, wherein a Verdict shall be found for the Defendant or Claimer, and it shall appear to the Court or Judge before whom such Information shall have been tried, that there was a probable Cause for such Seizure, such Court or Judge may certify on the Record that there was a probable Cause for such Seizure, and in such Case the Defendant or Claimer shall not be entitled to any Costs of Suit whatsoever; nor shall the Person or Persons who made such Seizure, or caused the same to be made, be liable to any Action, Indictment or other Suit or Prosecution on account

A.D. 1800.

46° GEO. III. C. 106.

557

of such Seizure; and in case any Action, Indictment or other in Action on

Suit or Prosecution shall be commenced and brought to Trial Account of

against any Person on account of any Seizure made by such Person Seizure, &c.

under or by virtue of this Act, or any other Act or Acts in force

in Ireland relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things, under

the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port

Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes,

or either of them, and a Verdict shall be given against the De- Verdict.

fendant or Defendants, if the Court or Judge before whom such

Action, Indictment, Suit or Prosecution shall have been tried,

shall certify on the Record that there was a probable Cause for

such Seizure, then the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any such Action or

Suit shall not be entitled to Costs of Suit, nor to more than Costs.

Two Pence Damages, besides the Things so seized, or the Value Damages, thereof at the Time of the Seizure; nor shall any Defendant or Defendants in any such Indictment or Prosecution be fined in any greater Sum than One Shilling.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for Commissioners the said Commissioners for Appeals to abate or mitigate any Fine, of Appeals Penalty or Forfeiture, which shall be adjudged against any Person not to fbate or Persons, Thing or Things, for any Breach of any Act or Acts Penalties *

in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things

under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and

Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and

Taxes, or either of them; any thing in the said recited Act of the

Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty 14 & 15 Car.2.

King Charles the Second, for settling the Excise or new Impost sess. 4. c. 8.

on His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or any other Act or (*•).

Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Commissioners the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or for the of Customs and said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively, Exci?e may. within their respective Jurisdictions, or any Three of them re- accor(Hno•ato?S, spectively, to abate, reduce or mitigate any Fine, Penalty or Regulations Forfeiture, which may be set, imposed or adjudged for any Offence and Orders of whatsoever against any Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to Treasury.

the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively, subject nevertheless to such Rules, Regulations or Orders respecting the same, as the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer in Ireland shall make, pursuant to the Powers vested in them by Law for the Purpose:Provided always, that Care be Proviso, had that all Duties due to the Crown from the Party on account of the Goods proceeded against, shall be fully paid and satisfied; and that the Informer or Prosecutor be duly encouraged for his Encourage-Care, Pains and Discovery, according to the Nature and Quality ment to of the Fraud had, used and discovered, and according to the Informer* Merits of such Informer or Prosecutor.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Goods and Chattels Goods in whatsoever in the Use, Custody or Possession of any Person or Per- Possession of sons convicted of any Offence against any Act or Acts in force in Sullty.

Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the RevenueLawf Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port *

Duties,

558

C. 106.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

made liable to Distress.

Goods not having paid Duty-forfeited and may be seized.

Proof on Claimant.

Officers may break open Places if refused Admittance.

And seize.

Officers of Customs and Excise may seize Goods for any Offence against either Customs or Excise; and such Offence tried in proper Jurisdiction.

Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, shall and may be distrained by virtue of any Warrant or Warrants legally issued against the Goods and Chattels of such Person, for the levying of any Fine or Penalty inflicted by any such Act or Acts, and shall and may be sold for "the Payment of such Fine and Penalty, without Regard to any Claim which any Person or Persons may have or pretend to have to such Goods and Chattels upon any Account whatsoever.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize whatsoever, by Law subject and liable to the Payment of any Duty to His Majesty, whether a Duty on the Importation thereof or a Duty of Excise, or any Duty whatever, under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, and on which any Duty due and payable to His Majesty, which ought theretofore to have been paid, secured or satisfied, shall not have been actually paid, secured or satisfied according to Law, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer appointed by or acting under the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, and the Proof that such Duty has been actually paid, secured or satisfied, shall in all Cases lie on the Claimant of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, which shall be so seized, and not on the Officer seizing the same.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall refuse to permit, or shall not suffer any Surveyor, Searcher, Waiter or other Officer appointed by or acting under the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, to enter or remain in his or their House, Cellar, Vault, Shop, Warehouse, Storehouse, or Store Cellar, or other Place or Places, to search for any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, for which the Duties payable there uponto His Majesty have not been fully paid or satisfied, and which Goods, Wares or Merchandize such Officer shall have reasonable Cause to suspect to be concealed or deposited there, in every such Case it shall be lawful to and for every such Officer or Officers, after such Refusal, to break open and enter in the Day Time, in the Presence of a Constable, into any House, Cellar, Vault, Shop, Warehouse, Storehouse or Store Cellar, or other Place or Places belonging to any such Person, and to search for any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize; and in case any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be so found, to seize, attach, carry away and put the same into safe Custody.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Customs, and for any Officer whatsoever appointed by or acting under the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, to.seize any Goods, Wares and Merchandize for any Offence or Offences whatsoever against any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating either to the Revenues under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or to the Revenues under the Management of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them; and in like Manner, it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Excise, and for any Officer whatsoever appointed by or acting under the said

Commissioners

A.D. 1806.

C. 106.

559

46°- GEO. III.

Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, to seize any Goods, Wares and Merchandize for any Offence, or Offences whatsoever against any Act or Acts in force in, relating either to the

Revenues under the Management of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or to the Revenues under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Po"rt Duties, or either of them; any thing in this Act, of in any other Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that the Trial of the Offence for which such Goods shall be so seized, shall be had, heard and determined before the Commissioners or Sub Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or before the Commissioners or Sub Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively, as the Nature of such Offence shall by Law require.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall

stave, or otherwise destroy or damage, or cause to be staved, destroyed or damaged, any Vessel or Package wherein shall be contained any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, liable to the Payment of any Duty under any Act or Acts in force in, relating to

the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, or shall spill, scatter or destroy, or cause to be spilled, scattered or destroyed, any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, so that the same, or any Part thereof, shall be thereby damaged or lost, in order to prevent the Seizure or distraining thereof, every such Person so offending respectively shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, liable to the Payment of any Duties under any Act or Acts in force in Irelan, relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, shall have been seized by any Officer, and shall have been rescued or forcibly taken away from the Officer so seizing the same, every Person who shall knowingly harbour or conceal such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and every Person in whose House or Outhouse, Offices or Yards, any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be found harboured or concealed, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Person required to produce Vouchers for the Payment of the Duties payable by Law on Goods, Wares or Merchandize in the Possession of such Person, shall fail to produce Vouchers for the Payment of Duty on the whole Quantity of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, it shall be lawful for the Officer or Officers who shall examine such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, to seize out of any Part of the same a Quantity equal to the Quantity for which no Voucher was so produced; and such Goods, Wares or Merchandize so seized shall be deemed as the Goods, Wares and Merchandize for which no such Voucher was produced, and shall be forfeited accordingly, as Goods, Wares or Merchandize, not having paid the Duties due and payable thereon.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That when any Goods,

Wares,

Proviso for Trial.

Staving or destroying Goods, to avoid Seizure.

Penalty 20L

Concealing rescued Goods.

Penalty 1001. '

Goods for which Vouchers are not produced for the Duty thereon may be seized and forfeited.

When Claims

560

C. 106.

4-6° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

to be made; ou tendering Claims some Place to be named, at which Notices may be served for Claimants.

On entering Claim, Security given for Costs, &c.

How Affidavit of Ownership to be made in case of Claims.

Deposited with Collector, &c.

Wares, Merchandize or other Articles or Things shall be seized, and a Claim shall be tendered by any Person authorized by Law to make such Claim, such Claim shall, within Twenty one Days after the Seizure of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or other Articles or Things, (the Day of Seizure not to be counted as One,) be tendered to and lodged with the Collector of Customs or with the Collector of Excise, as the Case may require, for the District within which §uch Claim shall be made, or with the Registrar of Seizures within the District where any such Registrar shall be appointed, and the Person tendering such Claim shall, at the Foot of such Claim, mention some particular House within such District at which Notices or Summonses shall be left or served for such Claimant with any Person; and all Notices or Summonses served or left for any such Claimant with any Person above the Age of Sixteen Years, residing at such House, as shall be mentioned or expressed at the Foot of such Claim, shall be as effectual as if such Claimant -was personally served; and at the Time of the Entry of any such Claim, the Person or Persons who shall enter such Claim shall give Security by Bond to His Majesty, with Two sufficient Sureties, to be previously approved by the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively, as the Case may require, or by the Collector or other principal Officer of Customs or Excise respectively for the District within which such Claim shall be entered, in the Penalty of One hundred Pounds, or such further Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Pounds, as shall be reasonably deemed sufficient by such Commissioners, Collector or other Officers, to answer and pay the Costs which may be occasioned by such Claim, in case of the Condemnation of such Goods or Merchandize, such Costs to be taxed by the Chief Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, or his Deputy; and as often as any such Claim for any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Articles or Things, shall be tendered by the Owner or Owners thereof in Person, such Claimant or Claimants shall, at the Time of tendering such Claim, make and sign an Affidavit before the Collector or Registrar to whom such Claim shall be tendered, that such Claimant or Claimants is or are the true and lawful Owner or Owners of the Goods, Wares, Merchandize or other Articles or Things so seized and claimed; and in case the Goods, Wares, Merchandize or other Articles or Things so seized shall be claimed by any Person or Persons on Behalf of such Owner or Owners, then such Claimant or Claimants shall make and sign an Affidavit before such Collector or Registrar, that such Claimant or Claimants is or are well acquainted with the Hand Writing of the Person or Persons whose Name or Names is or are subscribed to the Deputation, Appointment or Power, by virtue of which such Claim shall be made, and that according to the Belief of such Claimant or Claimants, the Name or Names subscribed to such Deputation, Appointment or Power, is or are the Handwriting of the Person or Persons whose Name or Names is or are thereto subscribed, and that such Person or Persons is or are the true and lawful Owner or Owners of the Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Articles or Things so claimed; and all such Affidavits and Deputations shall be deposited with such Collector or Registrar.

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 106.

561

XXXV. And be it farther enacted, That in case any Owner or if no Claim Owners of any Goods, Wares, Merchandize or other Articles or made, or if Things so seized, shall neglect to make a Claim of the same by Requisites are himself or themselves, or by some Person duly authorized, within not complied Twenty one Days after the Seizure of such Goods, Wares, Mer- ^11 be con-chandize or other Articles or Things, (the Day of Seizure not to jemned as for be accounted as one,) or in case any Claimant shall neglect at the want of Claim. Foot of the Claim to mention the House at which Notices or Summonses are to be left or served, or shall refuse or neglect to make

such Affidavits, or to give such Security at the Time of the Entry of any Claim in Manner hereinbefore respectively required, every such Claim shall be deemed void and of no effect; and the Collector or Registrar to whom the same shall be tendered shall not receive the same, and it shall be lawful to proceed to the Condemnation of the Goods, Wares, Merchandize or other Articles or Things so seized, as if no Claim whatever had been tendered or made; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case there shall In what ease fiot be found and appear residing, at the House mentioned at Notices may he the Foot of any such Claim, some Person above the Age of Six? claim ma teen Years, by whom such Notices or Summonses required by be

Daw can be and shall be received, such Notices or Summonses Absence of shall be respectively posted on the Door of such House, at least Claimant on Eight clear Days before the Time appointed for determining such Affidavit of Claims; and if the Claimant shall not appear on the Day men- ^otlce* tioned in the Notice or Summons for the Hearing of the Cause, then it shall be lawful for the Commissioners or other Persons authorized to hear and determine such Cause, to hear and determine the same, as if such Claimant had appeared: Provided always, that due Proof shall be made by the Affidavit of the Person who served or posted such Notice or Summons of the Service or posting thereof, and if posted, that there was not found any such Person residing in such House, on or by whom such Notice or Summons could be served or received.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Ship Masterofa Ship or Vessel, or the Cargo or any Part thereof, shall be seized for any may claim the Offence against any Act or Acts in force in, relating to Ship and Carg<>

any of the Revenues, Matters or Things under the Management fortlie Owners, of the said. Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, it shall be lawful for the Master or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel or the Cargo thereof, to claim such Ship or Vessel, or the Cargo, or any Part thereof, on Account of the Owners or Proprietors thereof, such Master or Person making an Affidavit before the Officer empowered to receive such Claim, of the Names and Places of Abode of the real Owners and Proprietors thereof, and of the Person or Persons to whom such Ship, Vessel or Cargo is consigned, and also performing the several Requisites hereinbe^ fore mentioned, with respect to Persons making Claim to any Goods, Wares and Merchandize seized as aforesaid.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Ship, Ships seized at Vessel or Boat, or the Cargo of any Ship, Vessel or Boat, shall be Sea maybe 4*6 Gjeo. III. Op seized wried into any

562

C. 106.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Port for Safety, seized at Sea for any Offence against any Act or Acts in force in and the Seizure Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the tried in District Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Du-

Portls8 situate ties> 01 the sai(* Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes or is si ia . ejtjjer of them, such Ship, Vessel or Boat, together with the Cargo, Tackle, Apparel and Furniture thereof, may be taken and conveyed to any such Port in Ireland as may be thought most safe and convenient, by the Officer or Person or Persons by whom such Ship, Vessel or Boat, or the Cargo thereof, shall or may be so seized; and the Legality of any such Seizure shall and may be heard, tried and determined in the District within which such Port

Ships may be detained for Penalties incurred by Master or Mate.

Security.

Vacated.

Master of Ship to name a Place for receiving Notice of Trial.

shall be situate, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, and with such Powers, as if such Seizure had been actually made within such District; any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Information shall be filed against any Person, being the Master or Mate, or having Charge of any Ship or Vessel, for any Penalty under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, or relating to such Ship or Vessel, or such Person as Master or Mate, or having Charge of such Ship or Vessel, for any Offence committed during the Time he acted as Master or Mate, or the Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel, it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers appointed by or acting under the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties to detain the Ship or Vessel of which such Person, against whom such Information shall be filed, is or had been Master or Mate, or shall have had or shall have Charge, until the Penalties with which such Person shall be charged shall be paid, or Security given for the Payment thereof by Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with Two sufficient Sureties in Double such Penalties, before the Collector and Comptroller of the Port in which such Ship or Vessel shall be detained, (which Bond such Collector and Comptroller are hereby authorized to take,) conditioned to pay such Penalties, in case such Person shall be adjudged to pay the same, and thereupon it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or for the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively, as the Case may require, to order such Ship or Vessel to be delivered up: Provided always, that upon Acquittal of such Person by the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or their Sub Commissioners respectively, or by the Commissioners of Appeals, in case any Appeal shall be brought, and due Proof made of such Acquittal, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or for the said Commissioners of Appeals, as the Case may require, to order such Bond to be vacated, and the same shall be vacated accordingly.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any such Information shall be filed against any Person being the Master or Mate, or having the Charge of any Ship or Vessel, and such Ship or Vessel shall be detained as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for 1 21 the

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 106.

563

the Officer who shall detain such Ship or Vessel to retain the Possession of such Ship or Vessel, with all her Tackle, Apparel, Ammunition and Furniture, until the Person against whom such Information shall be filed shall lodge in the Office of the Collector of the Customs for the District within which such Information shall be filed, a Notice in Writing, specifying some particular House within the District where Notice of Trial shall be left or served; and that all Notices served or left for such Person or Persons at such House as shall be so mentioned in such Notice shall be valid in Law, and as effectual as if the Person or Persons against whom such Information shall be filed were personally served with such Notice, in like Manner as is herein provided with respect to Notices of Trial by Persons tendering any Claim.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That when any Ship or Vessel shall be condemned for any Offence against any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, such Ship or Vessel shall be discharged from all Demands whatsoever for Wages claimed by Mariners for having served on board such Ship or Vessel; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Process to issue at the Suit of any Mariner belonging to any Vessel employed in the Service of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, against the Commander thereof on account of Prize Money, or Wages due or alleged to be due to such Mariner; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to convey all Goods, Wares and Merchandize seized for any Breach of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, from the Place where they have been actually seized in any District in Ireland, to His Majesty's Stores, or some other Place of Security in anjr -neighbouring District to which such Goods., Wares or Merchandize can with Safety be conveyed, if the Officer seizing the same shall think necessary so to do; and the Legality of such Seizure .shall and may be heard, tried and determined in such neighbouring District, as fully to all Intents and Purposes, and with such Powers, as if such Seizure had been made within such District; any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in every such Case a Seizing Note shall be lodged as well in the Office of the Collector of the Customs or Excise as the Case may require, for the District in which .such Seizure shall have been actually made, as in the Office of such Collector of the District into which such rGoods, Wares and Merchandize shall he taken and conveyed; and in Case a Claim for the same shall be made within either of such Districts, Notice shall be given to the Person who. shall so claim, of the Time and Place when and where such Trial shall be had,

O o 2 ' Twenty

Ships condemned, to be discharged from Wages.

Process not to issue for Prize Money for Mariners in Customs’ Vessels.

Goods seized maybe removed to Place of Security in a neighbouring District, where Legality of Seizure may be tried.

Notice of Seizure and Trial, on Removal of Good? seized.

S64>

Parties (with Consent of Commissioners of Customs or Excise) may apply for Writ of Appraisement, &c.

Recognizance by Party applying, and Two Sureties.

Proviso for

vacating

Recognizance.

Notice to Attorney General of Ireland.

C. 106. 46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Twenty one flays at the least before the Day appointed for such Trial.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- fill for the Owner or Owners of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, a!nd for the Master or Commander of any Ship or Vessel respectively, which shall be seized for any Breach of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, upon producing a Consent in Writing under the Hands of any Three of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or any Three of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively, (according as such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or Ship or Vessel, shall have been seized by the Officers appointed by or acting under the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively,) to apply to the Court of Exchequer in Ireland for a Writ of Appraisement, to value and appraise such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, or such Ship or Vessel so seized, upon which Writ (in case the said Court of Exchequer shall grant the same) such Proceedings shall and may be had as have been usual in Cases where by Law Writs of Appraisement have issued; and on the Return of the Appraisement or Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or of such Ship or Vessel, the Party or Parties applying for such Writ of Appraisement, together with Two sufficient Sureties, shall enter into a Recognizance to His Majesty, in Double the Value of such Appraisej ment, before the' Chancellor or One of the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer, or before such other Person or Persons as they or any of them shall appoint, by Commission to be issued out of the said Court of Exchequer, conditioned to pay such appraised Value, and all other Penalties and Forfeitures attending such Seizures, in case the said Goods, Wares or Merchandize, Ship or Vessel respectively shall be condemned and conditioned to pay the Duties due and payable upon such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, in case the same shall be acquitted, if such Ship or Vessel was bound for, or such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or any Part thereof, were intended to be landed at any Port in Ireland; and thereupon the Chancellor, or any of the Barons of the Exchequer, shall award a Writ of Delivery in the usual Manner for such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or for such Ship or Vessel, so seized as aforesaid: Provided always, that upon the final Acquittal of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or of such Ship or Vessel, from such Seizure as aforesaid, by any Commissioners or Sub Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or by any Commissioners or Sub Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively, or any of them, as the Case may require, or by the Commissioners for Appeals, in case any Appeal shall be brought, and upon Payment of the Duties due and payable upon the Importation of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, (in case such Ship or Vessel was bound for, or such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or any Part thereof, were intended to be landed at any Port in and

due Proof made thereof before the said Chancellor or any of the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer, and Notice given to His

Majesty’s

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 106.

65

Majesty's Attorney General of Ireland for the time being, the said Chancellor, or any of the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer, shall order the said Recognizance to be vacated, and the same shall afterwards be void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That no Writ of Replevin, Goods seized Writ of Deliverance or Writ of Recaption, shall at any Time here- not delivered by after be executed without Leave first obtained for that Purpose RPlevuL> &c* from the said Court of Exchequer, for any Ship or Vessel, or for Court any Goods, Wares or Merchandize seized or detained under or by Exchequer’ virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Irel, relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things, under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, unless such Ship or Vessel, Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be first acquitted by due Course of Law.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any where Goods Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be forfeited and seizable under are forfeited, any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Packages also Matters and Things under the Management of the said Commis- forfeited, sioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, all Casks, Cases,

Sacks, Bags and all and every Package and Covering whatsoever in which such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be found, shall also be forfeited and may be seized.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all perishable Goods, Regulations Wares and Merchandize, which shall be seized or distrained under for Sale of or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in, relating to the perishable

Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the said ^00<*s' Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them respectively, shall and may, at any Time after the Seizure or distraining thereof, notwithstanding any Injunction or other Order from or by the Commissioners for Appeals, whether such Goods, ' Wares or Merchandize shall have been claimed or not, be sold by Order of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively, or with the Consent of the Owner of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, by Order of One of the said Commissioners respectively, or with such Consent as aforesaid, by Order of the Collector or other chief Officer of Customs or Excise for the time being, for the District (except the District of the Port, City and County of in

which such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall have been seized or distrained, or into which they shall have been conveyed pursuant to the Provisions of this Act; and the Produce arising by Produce of and from such Sale shall be accounted for and paid to such Per- Sales how dis- son and Persons respectively as shall be by Law entitled thereto, Posec* of* within One Week after the Expiration of the Time limited by Law for appealing from any Judgment or Proceeding, whereby such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be condemned or acquitted, or in case of an Appeal, within One Week after the Determination of such Appeal; and the Produce arising by and from such Sale, after deducting the Duty due and payable to His Majesty on such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, being paid to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, shall be in full Satisfaction of the Goods,

O o 3 Wares

C. 106.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806',

566

Ships, &c. Wares and Merchandize so seized:Provided .always, that Ships, deemed perish- Vessels, Boats and Beasts of Burthen, shall be deemed to be pe* able Goods. rishable Goods, within the Intent and Meaning of this Act,

How Disputes

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where between Offi- Two or more Persons shall claim any Right to any Reward on cers, respecting account of any Seizure, Penalty or Forfeiture, which they may Penalties, nS ° be it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners

determined. of Customs and Port Duties, or for the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively, or such Person as the said Commissioners respectively shall appoint for the Purpose, to hear the several Claims and Demands of such Persons as may think themselves entitled to any Reward on account of any Information, Discovery or Seizure, and to make an Order for the Distribution of the same, in such Proportions as may be just; which Order, if made by the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or

Appeal.

Officers neglecting to take Bonds duly-stamped.

Penalty 101. Collector, &c. destroying or concealing, or refusing to deliver up Books of Accounts on Notice and Demand,

by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively, shall be conclusive to the said Parties; but if such Order shall be made by such Persons so appointed as aforesaid in any District, and the Person or Persons making such Claim or Claims shall think himself or themselves injured by such Order, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons to appeal from such Order to the said Commissioners respectively; and such Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to receive such Appeal or Appeals, and to affirm, vary or amend such Order, in Such Manner as may be just; which Affirmance, Variation or Amendment, made upon such Appeal, shall be final and conclusive to the said Parties; Provided that every such Person who shall so think himself aggrieved or injured shall make such Appeal within the Space of One Calendar Month next after such Order shall be given, and in Default thereof that no Appeal shall be afterwards received.

L. And be it further enacted, That where, by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, any Person is or shall be required to enter into Bond before any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise, or before any Officer or Officers appointed by or acting under the said Commissioners, or either of them, in case any such Officer or Officers shall omit or neglect to take such Bond, or shall take the same without its being duly stamped as required by Law, every such Officer shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds,

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector, or any Clerk of any Collector, or other Person or Persons, shall wilfully destroy, or cause to be destroyed, or shall wilfully obliterate or deface, or cause to be obliterated or defaced, any of the Books of Account appertaining to His Majesty's Revenue, or belonging to the Office of any Collector of Customs or Excise; or if any such Collector, Clerk or other Person, shall wilfully take away or secrete any such Book, or shall not within Twenty one Days after Demand made by any Person authorized by the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively, or any One of them, by Writing under his or their Hands and Seals, deliver to such Person

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 106.

.567

son so authorized all such Books as shall be in his, her or their -Custody, Power or Possession, and certify upon Oath, if required, that he, she or they has or have no other such Book appertaining to His Majesty's Revenue which have been secreted, every such Collector, Clerk or other Person so offending shall, upon Conviction thereof upon Indictment or Information, be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall suffer such Punishment as the Court before whom such Person shall be tried shall in their Discretion think fit, ' and such Person shall be and is and are hereby declared to be incapable of serving His Majesty in any Office or Employment, Civil or Military, or in His Majesty's Revenue.

LII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case such Collector, Clerk or other Person, shall abscond or conceal himself, so that a personal Demand cannot be made for any such Books of Account, a Notice or Demand in Writing for such Books shall be affixed on the principal Door of the Office of the Collector to whose Office such Books belonged, and shall be published in the j Dublin Gazette for the Space of Three Calendar Months; and

such Notice or Demand, so affixed and published, shall be deemed and taken to be as effectual in Law, to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes, as if a personal Demand for such Books had been made on such Collector, Clerk or other Person; and such Collector, Clerk or other Person may be proceeded against accordingly.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That every Abstract and Account relating to the Revenues under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, transmitted to the proper Officer bj^ or on Behalf of any Collector of Customs or Excise in Ireland, and also every Account relative to the Receipts of such Collector, settled by the Accountant General, or his Deputy, shall, in all Actions or Suits commenced or to be commenced against the Sureties of such Collector, be allowed in all Courts of Law and Equity as Evidence of the Debt and Arrears by such Abstract or Account respectively appearing to be due to His Majesty.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Complaint touching the Conduct of any Officer appointed by or acting under the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively, shall be made to the said Commissioners respectively, and they shall judge it expedient and necessary to enquire into the Conduct of such Officer or Officers, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners respectively, or any Officers by them respectively authorized for the Purpose, to proceed to examine into the Matter of such Charge, by summoning or causing Parties and Witnesses to be summoned to appear before them, by Summons in Writing under the Hand of any of the said Commissioners respectively, or such Officers authorized as aforesaid, such Summons to be left at the usual Place of Abode of such Parties or Witnesses, and to examine such Witnesses upon Oath; and in case any Person duly summoned as aforesaid to be a Witness and to give Testimony as aforesaid, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to appear, or shall refuse to make Oath concerning the Matter in Question, or making

O o 4 Oath

Misdemeanor.

Mode of giving such Notice ' when Collector, &c. absconds.

Abstracts and Accounts shall be Evidence against Collectors.

On Enquiry into Misconduct of Officers, Witnesses summoned shall attend and give Evidence.

5§S

C. 106.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 180*&

Oath shall refuse to answer any Question which shall be put to him or her touching the Matter in Question, such Person shall, for every Time he or she shall so offend, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds: Provided always, that no Person or Persons who may give Testimony concerning any Matter which shall be enquired into shall be subject and liable to any Forfeiture, Fine or Punishment, which he# she or they may have respectively incurred or be subject to, by reason of any Criminality in such Person or Persons in the Matter so enquired into, or be in any wise prose- cuted or sued for the same.

officer asking

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer appointed or taking Bribe, by, or acting under the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Misdemeanor Duties, or the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or' and Incapacity. either of them, shall directly or indirectly, by himself or any Person for his Use and Benefit, make any collusive Seizure, or shall deliver up, or shall make any Agreement to deliver up, or not to seize any Ship or Vessel, or any Goods liable to Forfeiture under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to any of the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them; or if any Officer appointed by or acting under the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, shall by himself or by any other Person ask, or shall directly or indirectly take or receive any Bribe, Fee, Gratuity, Recompence or Reward, or any Promise thereof, for the Non Performance or Neglect of his Duty, under any Act or Acts in force in, relating to any

of the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, or for the Performance of his Duty, other than such Salary, Recompence, Reward or Gratuity as shall be allowed by the said Commissioners respectively, every such Officer so offending shall, upon Conviction thereof upon Indictment or Information, be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall suffer such Punishment as the Court before whom such Person shall be tried shall in their Discretion think fit, and such Person shall be and is hereby declared to be incapable of serving His Majesty in any Office or Employ-

Offering or ment, Civil or Military, or in His Majesty's Revenue; and if any

giving Bribe* Person whatsoever shall directly or indirectly give or offer, or

promise to give any Fee, Bribe, Recompence or Reward to, or shall make or attempt to make any collusive or other Agreement with any such Officer, to do, conceal or connive at any Act or Acts, whereby the Provisions of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to any of the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, may or shall be evaded or broken, or whereby any Duty payable to His Majesty may or shall be withheld or evaded, every such Person shall for each and every such Offence (whether the said Offer, Promise or Agreement shall be

Penalty 500h accepted or performed or not) forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; apd any Licence previously granted to any such Person

or

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III.

569

C. 106.

, or Persons to manufacture or deal in any exciseable Goods, Wares Licence void, or Merchandize, shall, on Conviction for such Offence, become &c* absolutely void to all Intents and Purposes, and such Person or Persons shall from thenceforth be incapable of having or taking any such Licence in future.

LVI. And, for the more effectual Protection of Officers of the ‘ Revenue in the Discharge of their Duty; ’ Be it enacted, That Officers re-if any Person or Persons, armed with Guns, Pistols, Cutlasses, listed may op-Clubs, Sticks or other offensive Weapons, shall hinder, molest or p°srec<force to resist any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise, or any Officer or Officers appointed by or acting under the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, in the Execution of his or their Duty, by beating, maiming or wounding any such Officer or Officers, or any Person or Persons acting in his or their Assistance, it shall and may be lawful for any such Officer or Officers, and all Persons by them called to their Assistance, who are so resisted or molested, to oppose Force to Force, and to endeavour to defend himself or themselves, and to execute the Duty of his or their Office; and if any Person or Persons so hindering, molesting or In Action resisting as aforesaid, any such Officer or Officers, or his or their thereon. Assistants, shall in so doing be wounded, maimed or killed, and such Officer or Officers, or his or their Assistants, shall be sued, molested or prosecuted, for or on account of such wounding, maiming or killing, such Officer and Officers, and Person or Persons acting in his or their Assistance, shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evi- General Issue, dence in his and their Defence; and all his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and other Justices and Persons having competent Authority, before whom any such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons acting in his or their Assistance, shall or may be brought for or on account of any such wounding, maiming or killing as aforesaid, are hereby authorized and empowered, enjoined and required, to admit every such Officer and Officers,

Person and Persons so brought before him or them, to Bail; any Bail.

Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That all Justices of the Peace, All Subject's Mayors, Bailiffs, Sovereigns, Constables, Headboroughs and all required to the King’s Majesty's Officers, Ministers and §ubjects, serving assist Revenue under-His Majesty, by Commission, Warrant or otherwise in - cers* land, shall be aiding and assisting to all and every Person and Persons who are or shall be appointed to manage or collect the Revenues under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, and the Officers appointed by or acting under the said Commissioners respectively, and their respective Deputies, in the due Execution of all and every Act and Thing required and enjoined by this Act, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland, relating to the said Revenues respectively, and the due Collection thereof; and all such Persons as shall be aiding and assisting unto them in the due Execution thereof, shall be defended and saved harmless by virtue of this Act; and the proper Officers of Flis Majesty's Court of Exchequer Court of Ex-m Ireland are hereby authorized, on Application made to them by chequer may

any

570

C. 106.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1800.

issue Writs of Assistance.

Constable refusing or neglecting to assist, Penalty 51. or Three Months’ Imprisonment.

Constable may continue Assistance into neighbouring Districts.

Opposing or obstructing Officers, Misdemeanor.

any known Solicitor of the said Revenues, or either of them, upon the producing an Order signed by the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Ta*es respectively, or any Three of them, as the Case may require, to issue Writs of Assistance under the Seal of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, to authorize the Officers of Customs or Excise respectively, to require and demand the Aid and Assistance of His Majesty's Officers, Ministers and Subjects, as hereinbefore mentioned: Provided always, that such Writs of Assistance shall not be granted to any Officer under the Degree of a Surveyor, unless such Officer shall have a written Order, signed by some superior Officer, appointed by or acting under the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively, of the Degree of a Surveyor at least.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Constable shall refuse or neglect to attend and assist any Officer appointed by or acting under the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, in the Execution of his Duty, upon Request made by such Officer in any Matter relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners respectively, where by Law the Presence of a Constable is made necessary, such Constable shall for every such Refusal or Neglect forfeit-the Sum of Five Pounds, and in Default of Payment thereof, shall suffer Three Months’ Imprisonment.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for every Constable or other Peace Officer, who shall have begun to assist any Officer of the Customs or Excise, or any Officer appointed by or acting under the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, in the Execution of his Duty, in any Place where such Constable or other Peace Officer shall have Jurisdiction by Law, to continue such his Assistance in any other Place; and he shall be deemed a Constable, and have Jurisdiction accordingly in such last mentioned Place for the Purpose of continuing such Assistance.

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer ot Officers of His Majesty's Navy, or any Officer or Officers appointed by dr acting under the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, being on Shore, or going on board, or returning from on board, or being on board any Ship, Boat or Vessel within the Limits of any Port, Harbour or Creek of, or within Eight

Leagues from the Coast of Ireland, shall be opposed, obstructed or assaulted, in the due Execution of his or their Office or Duty, by any Person or Persons, either by Day or by Night, every such Person or Persons so opposing, obstructing or assaulting the said Officer or Officers in the due Execution of his or their Duty, and all such as shall act in his or their Aid or Assistance, shall and may be carried and conveyed before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace residing near to the Place where such Offence shall be committed, or where such Person or Persons shall be apprehended, and such Justices shall, upon the Oath of One or more

credible

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 106.

571

credible Witness or Witnesses, commit such Person to the next County Gaol, there to remain until the next Court of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, or until such Person shall be delivered by due Course of Law; and in case an Indictment shall be found against such Person or Persons, such Person or Persons shall forthwith plead thereto without having Time to traverse the same, and if duly convicted thereof shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall suffer such Punishment as shall be awarded by the Court before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall happen that any Person shall be appointed or directed by the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively, to do, perform or execute any Business or Duty in Matters relating to the Revenues,

Matters and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively, the Person so appointed or directed shall, to all Intents and Purposes, be held and considered to be the proper Officer for the Purposes for which he was so appointed or directed; and that in any Matter or Suit relating to the Duty performed by the Person so appointed or directed, all Books and Papers of such Person so appointed or directed shall, to all Intents and Purposes, be deemed and taken to be, and shall be read and admitted in Evidence as, the Books and Papers of the proper Officer.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons upon the Shore or on board any Ship, Vessel or Boat, shall maliciously shoot at or upon any Ship, Vessel or Boat belonging to His Majesty's Navy, or in the Service of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes within the Limits of any Port, Harbour or Creek of Ireland, or within Eight Leagues from any Part of the Coast of

Ireland; or if any Person or Persons being on Shore or on board any Ship, Vessel or Boat, shall maliciously shoot at, maim or wound any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Navy, or any Officer or Officers appointed by or acting' under the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, whether attempting to go on board, or being on board, or returning from on board any Ship, Vessel or Boat, or otherwise acting in the due Execution of his or their Duty on Shore, or within the Limits of any Port, Harbour or Creek of

land, or within Eight Leagues from any Part of the Coast of Ireland; or shall maliciously shoot at, maim or wound any Person or Persons aiding or assisting such Officer or Officers in the Execution of his or their Duty as aforesaid, then every Person so offending, and all and every Person being aiding, abetting or assisting therein, shall, being thereof legally convicted, be adjudged guilty of Felony, Felony, without and shall suffer Death without Benefit of Clergy. Clergy.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Indictment of shall be charged with being guilty of any of the Offences made Offenders re-Felony by this Act, before any One or more of His Majesty's turnedby Clerk Justices of the Peace, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of of the Court of King’s Bench in Ireland, if the Offence be committed Council. ° tie in Ireland, or within the Limits of any of the Ports thereof, or

within

No Traverse on

Indictment

found.

Officers specially appointed, considered as proper Officers.

Shooting at

Revenue

Officers.

572

C. 106.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Thereupon Order by Council for Offender to surrender, and thereupon to commit.

Such Order to be published.

Offender refusing to surrender or escaping;

within Eight Leagues of the Coast thereof, by Information of One or more credible Person or Persons upon Oath by him or them to be subscribed, and shall be indicted for the same in the County where the Offence shall have been committed, if committed within the Body of any County, or in any County in, if the Offence

shall have been committed at Sea, and within Eight Leagues of the Coast thereof, the Clerk of the Crown where such Indictment shall be found shall return such Indictment and Information to the Clerk of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council in or his Deputy or Deputies, who is and are hereby required to lay the same, as soon as conveniently may be, before the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of, for the

time being, and the Privy Council of, whereupon it shall

be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Go*-vernors for the time being, to make his or their Order in the said Privy Council, thereby requiring, and commanding such Offender or Offenders to surrender him, her or themselves, within the Space of Forty Days after the first Publication thereof in the Dublin Gazette, to the Lord Chief Justice, or any other of His Majesty's Justices of the Court of King’s Bench in, or to any One of

His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in Ireland, if the Offence be committed in Ireland, or within the Limits of any of the Ports thereof, or within Eight Leagues of the Coast thereof, who is hereby required, upon such Offender or Offenders surrendering him, her or themselves, to commit him, her or them, without Bail or Mainprize, to the County Gaol, or to the Gaol or Prison of the Place where he, she or they shall surrender, to the End that he, she or they maybe forthcoming to answer the Offence or Offences wherewith he, she or they shall stand charged, according to due Course of Law; which Order the said Clerk of His Majesty's said Privy Council, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall cause to be forthwith printed and published in Two successive Dublin, to

be forthwith transmitted to the Sheriff of the County where the Offence shall be committed, if the same shall be committed in any County; and if the Offence shall not be committed in any County, but within the Limits of any Port as aforesaid, or within Eight Leagues of the Coasts of any Part of, to be transmitted to

the Sheriff of any County in Ireland, near to the Place where such Offence shall be committed, which Sheriff shall, within Fourteen Days after the Receipt thereof, cause the same to be proclaimed between the Hours of Ten in the Morning and Two in the Afternoon, in the Market Places, upon the respective Market Days of the Two Market Towns in the same County in which or near to the Place where such Offence shall have been committed, and a true Copy of such Order shall be affixed upon some public Place in such Market Towns; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not surrender himself, herself or themselves, pursuant to such Order of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to be made in Council as aforesaid, he, she or they so neglecting or refusing to surrender him, her or themselves as aforesaid, or escaping after such Surrender, shall, from the Day appointed for his, her or their Surrender as aforesaid, be adjudged, deemed and taken to be convicted and attainted of Felony, and shall suffer Pains of Death as in Cases of

a Per

A; t). 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 106.

573

a Person convicted and attainted by Verdict and Judgment of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, if the Offence be charged to have been committed in Ireland, or within the Limits of any of the Ports thereof, or within Eight Leagues of the Coast thereof; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of King’s Bench, or the Justices of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery for the County or Place where such Person or Persons shall be, to award Execution against such Offender or Offenders, in such Manner as if he, she or they had been convicted and attainted in the said Court of King’s Bench, or before such Justices of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery respectively, if the Offence be charged to have been committed within, or within the

Limits of any of the Ports thereof, or within Eight Leagues of the Coast thereof.

LXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person so neglecting or refusing to surrender himself, herself or themselves as aforesaid, to plead ore ienus in Arrest of such Execution, that he or she was at the time of issuing such Proclamation, and continued to be until the Expiration of such Forty Days as aforesaid, out of, and shall

aver that he or she did not fly for the Offence wherewith he or she shall stand charged as aforesaid, and thereupon a Jury shall be impannelled to try and determine such Plea; and if such Plea shall be found for the Prisoner or Prisoners, then and in such Case he, she or they shall forthwith plead to the Indictment for the Offence wherewith he, she or they shall stand charged as aforesaid, and shall be tried for such Offence in like Manner as if he, she or they had surrendered himself, herself or themselves in due Time after such Proclamation as aforesaid.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, after the Expiration of the Time appointed as aforesaid for the Surrender of any such Offender, harbour, receive, conceal, aid, abet or succour such Offender knowing him or her to have been so charged as aforesaid, and to have been required to surrender by such Order or Orders as aforesaid, and not to have surrendered pursuant to such Order or Orders, every such Person being prosecuted for the same within One Year after such harbouring, receiving, concealing, aiding, abetting or succouring, and lawfully convicted thereof, shall be guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for the Space of Seven Years:Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent of hinder any Judge, Justice of the Peace, Magistrate, Officer or Minister of Justice, from taking, apprehending and securing any such Offender, for requiring whose Surrender such Order in Council shall be made as aforesaid, by the ordinary Course of LaAv' j and if any such Offender, for requiring whose Surrender such Order in Council shall be made as aforesaid, shall be taken and secured in order to be brought to Justice before the Expiration of the Time within which such Offender shall be required to surrender by such Order in Council, then and in such Case no further Proceedings shall be had upon such Order made in Council against such Offender so taken and secured as aforesaid, but such Offender shall he brought to Trial by due Course of Law.

Felony without Clergy.

Party apprehended after Time for Surrender, may plead ore tenus that he was out of the Kingdom.

If Plea allowed, proceedings.

Concealing Offenders proclaimed;

Transportation. Offenders may be proceeded against by due Course of Law.

Proceedings, .

C. 106.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

574?

Opposing Officer in seizing Goods or destroying, &c. Goods seized; first Offence,

Penalty 1001.

Second

Offence,

Transportation.

Recognizance of Parties charged with Misdemeanors.

limitation for

prosecuting

Misdemeanors.

Notice of Action against Officers.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall assault or beat any Officer appointed by or acting under the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Assistant of any such Officer, in the seizing, distraining or securing any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs- and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, or shall by Force or Violence rescue or carry away, or shall procure to be rescued or carried away any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize after such Seizure, Distraining or Securing, or shall, at or after such Seizure, Distraining or Securing, destroy or damage such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or any Part of them, then and in every such Case every Person so offending, being thereof legally convicted, shall for the First Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and upon Failure of Payment thereof shall suffer Imprisonment for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months, and for the Second Offence shall be transported for the Term of Seven Years.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Person shall be arrested or taken before any Justice of the Peace for any Offence declared to be a Misdemeanor by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the

Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, such Person shall in no Case be admitted to Bail, unless he shall first enter into a Recognizance, with Two sufficient Sureties, to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and the Sureties in One hundred Pounds each, conditioned that such Person shall appear at the then next ensuing Court of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery to be holden for the County in which the Offence was committed, or for which the Justice before whom he shall be brought shall act, and shall there answer and plead to any Indictment which may be found for such Misdemeanor, without traversing the same, and such Recognizance shall forthwith be transmitted to the Clerk of Assize, or other proper Officer of the Court of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery for such County.

LXVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be prosecuted by Indictment or otherwise for any Offence declared to be a Misdemeanor by this Act, or any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues of Customs or Excise, or any of the Revenues under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, unless the Prosecution for such Offence shall be commenced within Two Years next after the Offence committed.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Writ or Process shall be sued out against any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise, or against any Officer or Officers appointed by or acting under the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, or against any Person or Persons acting by Order or in Aid of

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 106.

575

such Officer or Officers, for any Matter or Thing done in the Execution or by reason of this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, until One Calendar Month next after Notice in Writing shall have been delivered to him or them, or left at the usual Place of his or their Abode, by or from the Attorney or Agent for - the Person who intends or intend to sue out such Writ or Process as aforesaid, in which Notice shall be clearly and explicitly contained and expressed the Cause of Action, the Time when and Place where such alleged Cause of Action shall have accrued, the Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons in whose Name or Names such Action is intended to be brought, and the Name and Place of Abode of the said Attorney or Agent.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons acting in his or their Aid, to whom such Notice shall be given as aforesaid, at any Time within One Calendar Month after such Notice shall have been given, to tender or cause to be tendered Amends to the Person or Persons complaining, or to his, her or their Attorney or Agent; and in case such Amends shall not be accepted, to plead such Tender in Bar to any Action to be brought against him or them grounded upon such Writ or Process, together with the Plea of Not Guilty, and any other Plea or Pleas, with Leave of the Court in which such Action shall be brought; and if upon Issue joined thereon, the Jury shall find the Amends so tendered to have been sufficient, then they shall give a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and in such Case or in case the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited or shall discontinue such Action, or in case Judgment shall be given for such Defendant or Defendants upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall be entitled to the like Costs as he or they would have been entitled to in case he or they had pleaded the General Issue only; and if upon Issue so joined, the Jury shall, find that no Amends were tendered, or that the same were not sufficient, and also against the Defendant or Defendants on such other Plea or Pleas, then they shall give a Verdict for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

LXXI. Provided, always, and be it enacted, That no such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any Case where an Action shall be founded on any Act done by the Defendant or Defendants, shall be permitted to produce any Evidence of any Cause of such Action, except such as shall be contained in such Notice to be given as aforesaid; nor shall any Verdict be given against such Defendant or Defendants, unless it shall be proved, on the Trial of such Action, that such Notice was given; and in Default of such Proof the Defendant or Defendants in such Action shall have a Verdict, and recover Costs as aforesaid.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons acting in his or their Aid, shall neglect to tender Amends, or shall have tendered insufficient Amends before the Action brought, it shall and may be

lawful

Tender of Amends.

Pleading.

Costs.

Notice to contain every Cause of Action,

Payment of Money into Court.

576

C. 106.

4?6° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Limitation of Actions.

Where laid.

General Issue.

Treble Costs. Notice by Defendant of producing Record.

Notice of Trial.

lawful for him or them, by leave of the Court in which such Action shall be brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into such Court such Sum or Sums of Money as he or they shall think lit, whereupon such Proceedings, Orders and Judgments, shall be had, made and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Action or Suit shall be brought and commenced against any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing by him or them done in the Execution or by reason of any Act or Acts in Force in, relating to

the Revenues, Matters and Things, under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months after the alleged Cause of Action shall accrue, and shall be laid in the proper County where such alleged Cause of Action shall have arisen, and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action may plead the General Issue; or in case the Action shall be an Action of Replevin, may avow generally that he or they took the Goods in the Declaration mentioned, as an Officer or Officers appointed by or acting under the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, as the Case may be, and may give such Act or Acts, and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereon, and that the same was done in pursuance of and by Authority of such Act or Acts; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Prosecution, or if Judgment shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs: Provided always, that such Officer or Officers, his or their Attorney or Attornies, shall, at least Fourteen Days before such Trial, in case such Officer or Officers shall on such Trial give any Record or Records in Evidence, give Notice in Writing to the Plaintiff or his or her Attorney, what Record or Records he or they intend to give in Evidence on such Trial.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all such Suits and Actions for any Matter or Thing done in the Execution or by reason of any Act or Acts in force in, relating to the

Revenues, Matters and Things, under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in every such Suit or Action, shall give Notice of Trial at least Twenty Days before the Trial of any such Action or Suit to the Defendant or Defendants, or his or their Attorney or Attornies, and that in like Manner if the Trial of any such Suit or Action shall be brought on by Proviso, the like Notice shall be given by such Defendant or Defendants to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and his or their Attorney or Attornies.

LXXV. And Whereas it is necessary that the said Commis-< sioners of Customs and Port Duties, and the said Commissioners ‘ of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively, should be enabled to c take Lands and Tenements for building Houses, Offices, Ware-

‘ houses,

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 106.

577

f houses, Lighthouses, Watch Houses or other Accommodations for the Business of the Revenue Be it enacted, .That it shall be lawful for all Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Tenants in Tail, Tenants for Life, Infants by their Guardians, and the Guardians and Committees of Lunatics and Idiots, Femes Covert with their Husbands, by Leases or Deeds indented and inrolled, to demise for any Term of Years to His Majesty or to the said Commissioners respectively for the time being, or to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners respectively or any Three of them respectively shall appoint, in Trust and to and for the Use of His Majesty, any Lands not exceeding in any one Place Six Acres, Plantation Measure, with the Tenements thereon, together with such Passage or Road as may be necessary to such Buildings, not exceeding Twenty one Feet in Breadth, without Fine or other Consideration, save only the yearly Rent reserved: Provided always, that if such Land be any Part of any Fair, Green or Market Place, or within the Precincts of any City, Town Corporate, Borough or Manor, having a Right to return Citizens or Burgesses to Parliament, or of any Quay, Pier or Dock, or any Part of any Town or Village actually built upon any Part of a Demesne, or of any Lawn, Garden, Orchard, Yard, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or of any Park or Paddock for Deer, not more of such Land shall be demised than is absolutely necessary for such Purposes as aforesaid: Provided always, that no Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, residing on or inhabiting such Lands or Tenements so taken, shall have, acquire or exercise any Right of voting for Members to serve in Parliament for or by reason of such inhabiting or Residence.

[52 G. 3. c. 115.]

§3.]

LXXVI. And, in case any Person or Persons shall refuse to demise such Lands or Tenements as aforesaid, for the Purpose of building Lighthouses only, to the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or to the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively, or to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners respectively for the time being or any Three of them respectively shall appoint, or in case any Difference concerning the Rent for any Lands or Tenements shall arise between the Persons interested therein and the said Commissioners respectively or the Person or Persons to be appointed as aforesaid; Be it enacted, That the said Commissioners respectively, or such Person or Persons so appointed as aforesaid, may apply to the Justices of Assize at the next General Assizes to be holden for the respective Counties, Towns and Cities where such Grounds shall respectively lie; or in case such Grounds shall lie in the county of , or

County of the City of Dublin, then the said Commissioners respectively or such Persons may apply to the Chairman of the Ses-, sions of the Peace at the next General Session or Adjournment thereof, to be held in and for the said County, or to the Recorder of the County of the City of Dublin, as the Case may be; and the Justices of the said Assizes, or Chairman of the said Sessions or Recorder, respectively, shall upon Application cause a Jury to be then and there impannelled by the Sheriff of such County, and cause such Jury to be sworn well and truly to assess the Value of s.uch Lands or Tenements and the Rent to be given for the same, 46 Geo. III. P p to

Commissioners of Customs and Excise empowered to take Lands for Lighthouses.

Proviso respecting Lands within the Precincts of Cities, &c. returning Members to Parliament-

Persons refusing to dispose of Lands.

Jury empannelled by Order of Quarter Sessions or Recorder of Dublin.

578

G. 106.

, A.D. 1806.

Verdict final.

proceedings

thereon.

Security for smuggled Goods declared void as between the Parties.

Quaker’s Affirmation may be accepted in lieu of an Oath.

46a GEO. III.

to the respective Proprietors and Occupiers thereof, according to their respective Interests therein; and the respective Parties shall have their lawful Challenges; and the said Jury being so sworn, shall, after Evidence on Oath given to them, by their Verdict ascertain the Rent to be paid for such Lands or Tenements to the respective Proprietors and Occupiers thereof, according to their respective Interests therein, and the said Justices or Chairman, or Recorder respectively, Shall give Judgment thereon, which Verdict and Judgment shall be conclusive, and finally bind all Parties; and after such Verdict and Judgment, the said Commissioners or such Person or Persons as they or any Three of them shall appoint, shall hold and enjoy such Lands or Tenements for the Use of His Majesty, during such Term as the said Commissioners shall judge necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, paying for the same such yearly Rent as shall be adjudged in Manner aforesaid; and all Rents to be awarded by any Jury for such Lands or Tenements, shall be duly paid by the Collectors of the Districts in which the Lands respectively lie, to the Persons entitled to receive the same: Provided always, that Notice in Writing shall be served upon the Person or Persons interested in such Lands or Tenements, or left at his or their last Place of Abode, Thirty Days at least before the said Assizes or Sessions of the Peace or Adjournment thereof, specifying the Lands and Tenements intended to be valued, and that Application will be made to the Justices, Chairman or Recorder aforesaid, as the Case may be, to have such Lands and Tenements valued as aforesaid, and that due Proof be made at such Assizes or Sessions of the Service of such Notice.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Contract, Note, Bill, Bond, Judgment, Mortgage or other Security whatever, entered into, made, given or executed by any Person or Persons, where the Whole or any Part of the Consideration of any such Security shall be for any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, subject and liable to any Duty on the Importation thereof, or to any Duty of Excise, or to any Duty whatever, under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes or either of them, and on which such Duties shall not be fully paid or satisfied, or which shall have been illegally imported, shall, as between the Parties to any such Security, and as to all and every Person and Person shaving Notice that any such Security was entered into, made, given or executed for Goods, Wares or Merchandize, the Duties on which were not fully paid or satisfied, or which were illegally imported, be utterly void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in every Case in which an Oath or Affidavit is by this Act or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things, under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, required to be taken or subscribed, if the Person required to take or subscribe the same shall be a known Quaker, then and in every such Case the Officer or Officers empowered by Law to administer such Oath, or to take such Affidavit, shall, in lieu thereof, administer and receive the

21 solemn

46° GEO. II I.

579

A.D. 1806.

C. 106.

solemn Affirmation of such known Quaker any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in all Gases where Officers re-any Affidavit, Oath or Affirmation, is by this Act or any Act or quired to ad-Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Matters and mmister Oaths Things, under the Management of the said Commissioners of Cus^ *"j°were 6 toms and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, required and directed to be taken or subscribed, or to be administered or received, it shall and may be lawful for the Officer or other Person or Persons by or before whom such Oath or Affirmation is required to be administered, taken or subscribed, and such Officer or other Person or Persons is and are hereby authorized, empowered and required to administer and receive such Oath or Affirmation accordingly; and if any Person who shall take or subscribe any such Oath or Affirmation shall wilfully and knowingly swear or affirm falsely therein, every such Person, being duly convicted thereof, shall suffer the Pains and Penalties to which Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Per- Perjury. jury are or shall be subject by any Law in force in and

if any Person shall corruptly procure or suborn any other Person or Persons to swear or affirm falsely in any such Oath, Affidavit or Affirmation, every such Person, being duly convicted of such procuring or suborning, shall for every such Offence incur and suffer such Penalties, Forfeitures, Pains and Disabilities, as Persons convicted of Subornation of Perjury are respectively liable unto by any Law in force in Ireland.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Fines, Penalties under Penalties and Forfeitures, inflicted by this Act or any other Act Reve«u Laws or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Matters and ^ti-shm Things, under the Management of the said Commissioners of Cus- Currency; toms and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Ex- recoverable cise and Taxes, or either of them, shall be paid and recovered in . under this Act, British Currency; and shall and may be sued for, recovered and or unde* Cus-levied and applied in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways ci^Acts m& and Means, and with such Powers and Authorities, as are pre- 15 c. 2. (I.) scribed, directed and appointed by this Act, or in and by the said c. 8, 9.

Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for settling of the Excise or new Impost upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted, or in and by the said Act of Parliament made in Ireland in the said Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His said late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for settling the Subsidie of Poundage and granting a -

sidie of Tunnage and other Sums of Money unto His Royal Majestie, His Heirs and Successors, the same to be paid upon Merchant dizes imported and exported into or out of the Kingdom of Ireland, according to a Book of Rates hereunto annexed, or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the said Revenues, Matters, and Things or either of them, as fully and effectually, to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes, as if the same were particularly mentioned and expressed and re-enacted in this Act; with like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties who shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved or injured, as is pro-

Pp 2 vided

580

G. 106, 107, 108.

4-6° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Commencement of the Act,

vided in and by the said Act of Excise or by this Act, or by any other Act or Acts in force in Irelan, relating to the said Revenues, Matters and Things, or either of them.

" Forfeitures and Offences incurred or committed before -

" her 29, 1806, shall be prosecuted for under Acts in force at the " Time of the passing of this Act. § 81.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect upon and from the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and six.

[Duties and Penalties recovered as by the Powers of this Act, 52 G.3. c. 30. § 16. — 52 G. 3. c. 46. § 18. — 52 G. 3. c. 48. §67 — 57 G. 3. c, 110. §23. — .58 G. 3. c. 54. §59. — 58 G. 3. c. 57. § 6.-58 G. 3. c. 78. § 25. — 58 G. 3. c. 79. § 10. — 59 G. 3. c. 72. § 9.-59 G. 3. c. 83. § 13. — 59 G. 3. c. 87. § 16. — 59 G. 3. c. 1Q6. §12. — 59 G. 3. c. 107. §47. — 1G.4. c. 80. — 3 G. 4. c. 99. § 19.]

CAP. CVII.

An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Commissioners appointed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting into Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates in England, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco and Sniff in Great Britain , for the Service of the Year One thousand, eight hundred

andfve; and an Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of Elis present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a. Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates in England, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco and Snuff in Great, for the Service

of the Year One thousand eight hundred and six, also the said Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty: and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted as Commissioners for executing the said Acts.

[16th 1806.]

CAP. CVIII.

An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors.

[21st July 1806.] (a) [In Custody on February 1806.]

A.D. 1806. 46, GEO. III. C. 109, 110. 581

CAP. CIX.

An Act for reducing the Bounty payable (a) on the Export- EXP. ation of refined Sugar from Great B, and for allowing

the like Bounty on the Exportation, of Sugar Candy, as is payable on refined Sugar.

[21st July 1806.]

(a) [During the Wa]

CAP. CX.

An Act for granting, during the Continuance of the present War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silk Manufactures of Great Britain.

[21st July 1806.]

(^111 WHEREAS R is exPedient that the Bounty now payable upon the Exportation of the Silk Manufactures of Great Britain should be increased Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be paid or allowed to any Person or Persons who. Additional at any Time from and after the passing of this Act, and during Bounty of the Continuance of the present War, and until Six Months after 3Sl* 6s* 8<b the Expiration thereof by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty ^m^nt of* of Peace, shall really and duly export from Great Britain, by way fo^r^Boun-of Merchandize, any of the Goods or Commodities of the Silk ties on British Manufacture of Great Britain particularly specified in an Act Silk Manufac-passed in the Eighth Year of His late Majesty King George the *ures specified First, intituled An Act for Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures " 8 G>1* c’15, of this Kingdom, and for talcing of several Duties on Merchandizes *

exported; and for reducing the Duties upon Beaver Pepper,

Mace, Cloves and Nutmegs imported; and for Importation of all Furs of the Product of the British Plantations into this Kingdom only; and that the Two Corporations of Assurance on any Suits brought on their Policies shall be liable only to Single Damages and Costs of Suit; the Allowances or Sums of Money hereafter mentioned, in Addition to the Allowances or Bounties payable by Law in respect thereof; that is to say, an Allowance or Additional Bounty, at and after the Rate of Thirty three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence for every One hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Allowances or Bounties now payable in respect of any such Goods or Commodities exported as aforesaid.

u Additional Bounty shall be paid as former Bounties. § 2. vived and continued until 5th July 1816 — 55 G. 3. c. 180; until 5th July 1818 — 57 G.3. c. 15; made perpetual, 58 G. 3. 56.]

Pp 3

582

C. 11I.

46° GEO. III.

A.D. 1806.

CAP. CXI.

An Act for authorizing His Majesty in Council to allow, during the present War, and for Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities in Neutral Ships, into and from His Majesty's Territories in the West Indies and Continent of South America.

[21 st July 1806.]

See cap. 53. ante.

His Majesty, by Order in Council, during the War, may authorize the Importation and Exportation of Goods (to be specified in the Order) into and from the West Indies and South America, in friendly Vessels.

WHEREAS during the late and the present War Emergencies have at various Times arisen, essentially affecting the i necessary Supply of the British West India Islands, and of Lands and Territories belonging to His Majesty on the Continent of South America; and it has been found 'expedient and necessary,

* for the Trade and Commerce of the said Islands, Lands and 6 Territories, and for the Support of the Inhabitants thereof, that certain Articles should be allowed to be imported into and ex-‘ ported from the said Islands, Lands and Territories, in Ships (and Vessels belonging to Subjects of States in Amity with His Majesty; and Permission has accordingly from time to time been (granted to this Effect by His Majesty's Governors or Lieutenant i Governors of the said Islands and Territories: And Whereas the ‘ several Orders, Proclamations and Acts made, issued and done in that Behalf, being against the Provisions of divers Acts of < Parliament, have nevertheless, on Account of the Expediency and Necessity thereof, been from time to time justified and in-‘ demnified by divers Acts passed for that Purpose: And Whereas ‘ it is proper that Provision should be made for meeting such Emergencies in future, without the Necessity of frequent Vio- lations of the Law by His Majesty's Officers appointed and sworn ‘ to administer and execute the same Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, and His Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice of His and their Privy Council, to permit or to authorize the Governors and Lieutenant Governors of the said Islands and Territories, in such Manner and under such Restrictions as to His Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, shall seem fit, to permit, when the Necessity of the Case shall appear to His Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Council to require it, from time to time during the present War, and for Six Months after the Ratification of a Treaty of Peace, the Importation into and the Exportation from any Island in the West Indies, (in which Description the Bahama Islands and the or Somer Islands are included,) or any Lands or Territories on

the Continent of South America to His Majesty belonging, of any such Articles, Goods and Commodities, as shall be mentioned in such Order of His Majesty in Council, in any Ships or Vessels belonging to the Subjects of any State in Amity with His Majesty, in such Manner as His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice aforesaid, shall direct; provided such Ships or

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 111, 112.

583

Vessels shall duly enter into, report, deliver their respective Cargoes, and reload, at such Ports only where regular Custom Houses shall have been established.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act Proviso as to shall be construed to extend to the Importation of any Articles, the Importation Goods or Commodities, Staves and Lumber excepted, which are arion^fP°ertaia not the Growth or Produce of the Country to which such Ships or Arti^g. Vessels, as are provisionally permitted under this Act to import

them, shall belong; nor to the Export in such Foreign Vessels of any Sugar, Indigo, Cotton, Wool, Coffee or Cocoa.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Acts done by virtue of Acts done

the above mentioned Permission or Authority shall be valid and under such legal, any former Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

[See52 G. 3. cc. 12. 16. Continued until Six Months after the

Conclusion of the War, 55 G. 3. c. 9; and no further -

tinuation appears.]

CAP. CXII.

An Act to amend the Laws of Excise, so far as relates to Prosecutions for Penalties, to the counterfeiting the Stamps on the Wrappers of Paper, and to the punishing Persons guilty of Perjury.

[21st July 1806.]

WHEREAS by a Clause in an Act made in the Twenty sixth 26 G.3. c. 77<.

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, among other § !$•

4 Things, for the Amendment of several Laws relating to the 4Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise,

4 it was enacted, that it should not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever to commence, prosecute, enter or file, or cause or procure to be commenced, prosecuted, entered or filed,

any Action, Bill, Plaint or Information, or Actions, Bills, Plaints or Informations, in any of His Majesty's Courts, against any Person or Persons, for the Recovery of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, made or incurred by virtue of any Act or Acts then in force, or thereafter to be made, relating to either of His Majesty's Revenues of Customs or Excise, unless the same should be commenced, prosecuted,

entered or filed, in the Name of His Majesty's Attorney General,

or in the Name or Names of some Officer or Officers of some or One of His Majesty's said Revenues; and if any Action, Bill,

4 Plaint or Information, Actions, Bills, Plaints or Informations,

was or were commenced, prosecuted, entered or filed, in any other Person or Persons Name or Names, than was in that Behalf before mentioned, the same and all Proceedings thereupon had were thereby declared to be null and void, and the said Court or Courts, where such Action, Bill, Plaint or Information, or Actions, Bills, Plaints or Informations, was, were or should be so commenced, prosecuted, entered or filed, should not permit or suffer any Proceeding or Proceedings to be had thereupon:

And Whereas it is expedient to extend the said Provisions, and all Rules and Regulations relating thereto; ’ Be it therefore enacted, by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au-

P P 4< thority

584?

0.112. '

46° GEO. III. A.D. 18

Extended to Acts relating to the Excise.

MG.3. 20,

§ 9. repealed.

Counterfeiting Stamps on any Cover, Wrapper or Label, affixed to any Ream, &c. of Paper, &c. or selling Paper with a forged Stamp, &c. Felony without Clergy.

thority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said several recited Rules, Regulations and Provisions, shall be, and the same are hereby extended to, and the same respectively shall be in force, and be used, applied and put in Execution, in relation to and upon all Proceedings for or in respect of any such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, imposed, made or mentioned in, or incurred under, any Act or Acts relating to His Majesty's Revenues of Excise, before the Commissioners of Excise, or any Three or more of them, in England, for the time being, or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace in England and Scotland respectively.

XI. And Whereas, by an Act made in the Thirty fourth Year

* of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for re-

pealing the Duties on Paper, Pa,

or Glazed Paper, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, it was, amongst other Things, enacted, that if any Person or

* Persons whatsoever should counterfeit, or cause to be counterfeited, any Stamp, Device or Label, provided, or directed to be used in pursuance of the said recited Act* or should counterfeit, 4 forge or resemble the Mark or Impression of any such Stamp or Device, upon any Cover or Wrapper of or belonging to or used with or upon any Label affixed to any Ream, Bundle or Quantity of Paper, or upon any Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or glazed Paper, or should have in his, her or their Custody or Possession, any such counterfeit Stamp or Device, knowing the same to be counterfeited, or should utter, vend or sell, any Paper with a counterfeit or forged Mark or Impression, of any such Stamp or Device on the Cover or Wrapper of such Paper,

or on any Label affixed thereto, then and in every such Case, 4 every such Person so offending therein should, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds: And Whereas it is expedient to repeal, in Manner hereinafter mentioned, so much of the said Act as is hereinbefore recited, and in lieu thereof to direct that every Person or Persons so offending shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and subject to such Punishment as is hereinafter directed Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and six, so much of the said Act as is hereinbefore recited shall be, and the same is hereby repealed, save and except in all and every Case and Cases relating to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, of the said Sum of Five hundred Pounds, which have been incurred at any Time before or on the said Fifth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and six; and that from and after the said Fifth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and six, if any Person or Persons whatever shall counterfeit or forge, or cause to be counterfeited or forged, any Stamp, Device or Label, provided or directed to be used, in pursuance of the said Act, made in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, or shall counterfeit, forge or resemble the Mark or Impression of any such Stamp or Device, upon any Cover or Wrapper of or Lelonging to, or used with or upon any Label affixed to any Ream or Quantity of Paper, or upon any Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or glazed Paper, thereby to defraud His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or shall have in

A.D. 1806. 46° GEO. III. C. 112, 113.

his, her or their Custody- or Possession, any such counterfeit or forged Stamp or Device, knowing the same to be counterfeited or forged, or shall utter, vend or sell, any Paper with a counterfeit or forged Mark or Impression of any such Stamp or Device on the Cover or Wrapper of such Paper, or on any Label affixed thereto, or on any Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or glazed Paper, with a counterfeit or forged Mark or Impression of any such Stamp or Device upon such Pasteboard, Millboard, Scale-board or glazed Paper, or upon any Label affixed thereto, knowing the same to be so counterfeited or forged, every Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy. [Repealed so far as relates to repeal G. 3. c. 20.

§ 9. — 47 G.3. sess. 2. c. 30. § 12, 13.

III. And Whereas, by several Acts relating to His Majesty's 1 Duties of Excise, Oaths are required to be taken in Manner therein mentioned, and it is expedient to make such Provision as is hereinafter mentioned for the Punishment of Persons wil-‘ fully taking a false Oath, in any of the Cases in which an Oath ‘ is by any such Act directed or required to be taken Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, any Person or Persons who shall be convicted of wilfully taking a false Oath in any of the Cases in which an Oath is by any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Duties of Excise directed or required to be taken, shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, imposed by an Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend so much <f an Act made in this Session of for granting additional Duties sf Excise, as relates to the Exportation of Tea to Ireland; for regulating the granting of Permits for the Removal of Coffee, Tea and Cocoa Nuts, out and for more

effectually securing the Duties on Coffee; shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by such Ways, Means or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint dr Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, shall go and be paid to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Person or Persons who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

CAP. CXIII.

An Act to permit fqr and during the Continuance of the present War French Wines to be imported from Ireland into Great Britain in Bottles or Flasks, under certain Restrictions.

[21st July 1806.]

585 .

Perjury in Cases where an Oath is required by Excise Laws.

Penalties under 43 G.3. c. 129. may be recovered and applied, as other Penalties under Excise Laws,

EXP.

586

C. 114, 115.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

43 G.3. c. 132. § 22.

43 G.3. c. 70.

Raisins, &c. may be taken out of Warehouse where secured, under 43 G.3. c. 132. and exported Duty free.

CAP. CXIV.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for increasing the Drawback on Linens exported from Great Britain to the West Indies.

[21st July 1806.] [Drawbacks made to cease and others, 59 G. 3. c. 52.]

§ 1. and Table A.]

CAP. CXV.

An Act to permit Raisins, Curants and Figs to be exported from Great Britain, Dutyfree.

[21st 1806.]

4 TT WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain, to be secured in Warehouse without Payment of Duty, it was enacted, that before any Goods, 4 Wares or Merchandize, except Sugar, which should have been lodged in any Warehouse or Warehouses, or otherwise secured according to the Directions of the said recited Act, should be delivered from thence for the Purpose of being exported from Great Britain, the Exporter or Proprietor of any such Goods, Wares or

4 Merchandize, should make a due Entry thereof with the proper Officer or Officers, of the Customs, and should paydown, in ready Money, without any Discount or Abatement whatever, the full Amount of certain additional Duties of Customs granted by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty during the present War, and until the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of,

additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great Britain; which would have been due and payable for the same in case such Goods, Wares or Merchandize had been taken from the Warehouse or Place wherein they had been lodged or secured for the Purpose of being used or consumed in Great Britain: And Whereas it. is expedient that Permission should be given to export certain Articles warehoused under the Directions of the said first recited Act without Payment of any Duty; ’ Be it therefore enacted, by the King’s most Excellent Majestj ', by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, where any Raisins, Currants and Figs shall have been or shall hereafter be lodged in any Warehouse or Warehouses, or otherwise secured according to the Directions of the said first recited Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Proprietor thereof to export the same Duty free; and the proper Officer having the Custody thereof in any such Warehouse shall and may deliver the same from thence to the Proprietor thereof, for the Purpose of being exported from Great Britain without Jhe Payment, by such Proprietor or Exporter thereof, of any Duty for the same; subject nevertheless in all other Respects to the same Rules, Regulations and Restrictions as other Goods, Wares and Merchandize exported from such Warehouses.

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 116.

587

CAP. CXVI.

An Act to allow certain Articles to be exported from -raltar and Malta direct to His Majesty's Colonies in North America, in return for British American Fish.

[21st 1806.]

WHEREAS by the Laws in force (a) no Commodity of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of Europe is allowed to be imported into any Place, to His Majesty belonging, or which shall hereafter belong unto or be in the Possession of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Asia, Africa or but what shall be bondfde and without Fraud laden and shipped in Great Britain or Ireland, except Salt for the Fisheries of Nova Scotia, Newfoundland and Quebeck, which may be laden in any Part of Europe, and also except any Goods fit and necessary for

the Fishery in the British Colonies or Plantations in being the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland, or of the Islands of Guernsey or Jersey, which may be shipped and laden in the said Islands respectively by any of the Inhabitants thereof, and also except Wines of the Growth of the Madeiras and the Western Islands of Azores which may be laden at those Places respectively: And Whereas it may tend to the Benefit of the British Fisheries, and to the Advantage of the Commerce and Navigation of this Country, if permission was given for certain other Articles to be shipped for the British Colonies in North America at other Places in Europe than those hereinbefore mentioned, under certain Regulations and Restrictions:’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, any Fruit, Wine, Oil, Salt or Cork, the Produce of Europe, may be shipped and laden at Malta or Gibraltar for Exportation direct to the said Colonies or Plantations in North America on board any British built Ship or Vessel owned, navigated and registered, according to Law, which shall arrive with the Produce of the said Fisheries, taken and cured by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on the said Fishery, from any of the said Plantations, or from Great Britain or Ireland respectively.

(a) [See 15 Car. 2. c. 7. § 6, 7. — 20 G. 3. c. 6, 7. 10. — 33 G. 3.

c. 63. — 9 G. 3. c. 28.

II. And be it further enacted, That upon the Importation of the said Goods into any of the said Colonies or Plantations in North America, the same shall be subject and liable to the Payments of such Duties as the like Description of Goods are now subject and liable to upon being legally imported into the said Colonies or Plantations:Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall permit or allow the Exportation from any of the said Plantations, of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, (not being the Produce of the Fisheries) contrary to any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Trade between Great Britain and such British Colonies; and provided also, that before any Goods shall be allowed to be shipped or laden on board any Ship or Vessel at Gibralter or

Malta

Certain European Produce may be exported from Malta or Gibraltar, to British North American Colonies, in Ships from the British Fish-

Duties on Importation into the Colonies.

Regulations as to such Trade between Malta,

588

C. 116 — 120.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

&c. and the Malta aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, the Master or other said Colonies. Person having or taking the Command or Charge thereof shall make Oath before the Governor, Lieutenant Governor or Commander in Chief for the time being (and which Oath they are hereby authorized and required to administer) , that the whole Cargo of such Ship or Vessel is entirely the Produce of the British Fisheries in Noi'th Americ, and was really and bondjide taken and cured by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on the said Fishery from any of the said Plantations, or from Great Britain or Ireland respectively.

CAP. CXVII.

An Act to permit? until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, the Importation of Masts, Yards and Bowsprits, or of Timber fit for Naval Purposes, from the British Colonies in North, Duty free.

[21st 1806.]

[Continued by several Acts, and last by 1 G. 4. c. 52, until 25th March 1821; but no further Continuation .]

CAP. CXVIII.

An Act to extend the Time for purchasing the Legal Quays and Warehouses in the Port of and for authorizing

the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to purchase Somers and Lyons Qitays in the said Port.

[21st 1806.]

[Extended for Two Years, 47 G. 3. 2. c. 60. Powers of

this Act extended to 50 G. 3. c. 22. § 1; but no further Continuation appears.]

CAP. CXIX.

EXP. An Act to prohibit, for Two Years after the Conclusion of the present Session of Parliament, any Ships to clear out from any Port of Great, for the Coast of,

for the Purpose of taking on board Negroes, unless such Ships shall have been previously employed in the African Trade or contracted for for that Purpose.

[21st 1806.]

CAP. CXX.

An Act to continue several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland, until the Fifth Day of One thousand eight hundred and seven; and several Acts for granting Duties upon Malt and Spirits made and distilled in Ireland, and for the better Collection and Security of the Revenues of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing

A.D. 1806.

4*6° GEO. III. C. 120, 121, 122.

589

venting Frauds therein, until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seven; and to amend several of the said Acts.

[21st 1806.]

[Continued by several Acts, and last, until 5th July 1815, by 54 G. 3. c. 81; but no further Continuation

CAP. CXXL

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the First Year of King James the Second, as prohibits the Importation of

Gunpowder, Arms and Utensils of War from Ireland.

[21st July 180$.3

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Provisions of an Act, ija.2. c. 8. c passed in the First Year of the Reign of His Majesty so far as it pre-‘ King James the Second, intituled An Act against the Importation vents the Im-‘ of Gunpowder, Arms and other Utensils of War, so far as the same Portation of

* extends to Persons importing or bringing into this Kingdom of the

England, Dominion of Wales or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, Manufacture of 1 by way of Merchandize, any Gunpowder, Arms, Ammunition or Ireland,

£ Utensils of War, the Manufacture of Ireland, should be repealedrepealed, &c. Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said Act of the First of Wing James the Second, and every thing therein contained, so far as the same extend to prevent the Importation, by Way of Merchandize, of any of the said Articles, being the Manufacture of Ireland, shall be and the same are hereby repealed; and it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whatever to import or bring into Great Britain by Way of Merchandize, in any British or Irish Vessel directly from Ireland, any Gunpowder, Arms, Ammunition or Utensils of War, the Manufacture of Ireland; any thing in the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. CXXII.

An Act to revive and amend an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, for enabling the Lord Lieutenant to appoint Commissioners for inquiring into the several Funds and Revenues granted for the Purposes of Education, and into the State and Conditions of all Schools in.

[21st July 1806.]

TIT WHEREAS an Act was made in the Parliament of Ireland,

6 in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the Lord Lieutenant or other 2S G.3. c. 15. c Chief Governor or Governors of this Kingdom, to appoint Com- (I.) i missioners for inquiring into the several Funds and Revenues

* granted by public or private Donations for the Purposes of Edu-‘ cation in this Kingdom, and into the State and Condition of all c Schools in this Kingdom on Public or Charitable Foundations, and c of the Funds appropriated for the Maintenance and Support

1 thereof,

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

590

30 G.3. c. 24.

31 G.S. c. 41.

28 G.S. c.l5. revived and continued.

Lord Lieutenant may appoint Six Commissioners for carrying the recited Acts into Execution; and the Commissioners of Charitable Donations, incorporated under 40 G. 3. (I.) c. 75, may appoint Five out of their own Number for the same Purpose.

Commissioners to Act without Fee or Reward.

C. 122.

thereofand for the other Purposes herein mentioned; which Act

was to continue in force until the Twenty ninth Day of (One thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, and to th$ End 4 of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer: And 4 Whereas the said recited Act was, by Two Acts of the Parliament of Ireland, made in the Thirtieth and Thirty first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, continued to the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety six,

and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer: And Whereas it is expedient to revive and amend the said first recited Act Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said recited Act of the Twenty eighth Year aforesaid shall be and the same is hereby revived, and the said Act shall be and remain and continue in force until the same shall be repealed, and shall be carried into Execution in such Manner as is directed by this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to appoint any proper and discreet Persons, not exceeding Six in Number, to be Six of the Commissioners for carrying into Execution the said recited Act of the Twenty eighth Year aforesaid; and that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests, incorporated under and by virtue of an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled Act to amend an Act passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled (An Act for the better Discovery

4 cfCharitable Donations and Be, ’ to elect, nominate and

appoint, out of their own Body, any proper and discreet Persons, not exceeding Five in Number, to be Five other Commissioners for carrying into Execution the said recited Act of the Twenty eighth Year aforesaid, and such Election, Nomination and Appointment shall be signified to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, under the Seal of the

said Corporation, and from and after the Election, Nomination and Appointment of the said Eleven Persons in Manner aforesaid, the said Eleven Persons shall be and become Commissioners for carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said recited Act of the Twenty eighth Year aforesaid, and the said Commissioners so to be appointed, are hereby authorized and empowered to do all Matters and Things in the Execution of the said recited Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Commissioners appointed under the said recited Act could or might have done under or by virtue of the said recited Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners so to be appointed as aforesaid shall not be paid, or receive or take any Fee, Reward, Emolument or Allowance whatsoever, for or on account of any thing to be done by them in pursuance of this Act, or of the said recited Act of the Twenty eighth Year aforesaid, or

for

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

C. 122, 123, 124.

591

for or on account of the Execution of the Powers by this Act or the said recited Act vested in them.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to appoint any Person or Persons not being a Member of Parliament, and not more than Two in Number, to be a Secretary or Secretaries to such Commissioners, and to make Entries of all their Proceedings in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and any Person or Persons so appointed to be a Secretary or Secretaries shall be paid such Salary, not exceeding Three hundred Pounds a Year to each of such Secretaries, as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being shall direct.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Death or Resignation of any of the said Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to nominate and appoint in Manner aforesaid such Person or Persons as he or they may think proper, to supply any Vacancy which shall be occasioned by the Death or Resignation of any or either of the Six Persons who shall have been appointed Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being under or by virtue of this Act, and that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons as such Commissioners shall think proper to supply any Vacancy which may be occasioned by the Death or Resignation of any or either of the Five Persons who shall have been appointed Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, by the Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests under or by virtue of this Act.

[Commissioners for the Regulation of Endowed Schools of public and private Foundation in Ireland, 53 G. 3. c. 107.]

Commissioners may appoint Two Secretaries,

Lord Lieutenant may supply Vacancies of Commissioners, occasioned by Death or Resignation.

CAP. CXXIII.

An Act to amend several Acts for the Sale of His Majesty's Quit Rents, Crown and other Rents, and of certain Lands forfeited and undisposed of in Ireland.

[21st July 1806\j

[Repealed, 3G. 4. 63.]

CAP. CXXIV.

An Act to enable His Majesty to accept the Services of Volunteers from the Militia of, under certain

Restrictions.

[21st 1806.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty fourth Year of 44 G.3. c.

(His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for era- I1-

i powering His Majesty to direct the Augmentation of His Militia

* Forces in Ireland to an Extent therein, it is enacted, that

‘ it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to

* issue his Orders to any Colonel or Commanding Officer of any

4 Regiment or Battalion of the Militia of, to enrol and re-

ceive

46° GEO. III.

A.D. 1806.

592

§2.

His Majesty-may annually, after 24th July in each Year, direct Regiments of the Line or Marines to receive Volunteers from the Militia of Ireland for General Service.

Commanding Officers of the Militia to explain to the Men the Terms of Enlistment, and to discharge such as shall declare, within Ten Days, an Intention of enlisting.

c/m.

ceive into such Regiment or Battalion such Volunteers as shall ‘ offer to serve in the said Militia, and such Number as shall be ‘ from time to time necessary to supply any Vacancies in the same < by Death, Desertion or lawful Discharge, provided that the

* Strength of any Regiment or Battalion -of Militia shall not

* exceed One hundred Rank and File Company: And Whereas ‘ the said Militia Regiments have been lately augmented under ‘ the Provisions of the said recited Act, and it would be highly beneficial to the public Service, that a Proportion of the Militia ‘ Forces of Ireland should be permitted to enter from time to

* time into the Regiments of the Line, or of the Royal Marines, t for General Service, for the Purpose of increasing the dispose-£ able Force of the Empire May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That at any Time within Twelve Calendar Months after the Twenty fourth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and six, and also at any Time whatever within Twelve Calendar Months after the Twenty fourth Day of July in the Year One thousand eight hundred find seven, or in any subsequent Year, while the said Militia shall Continue augmented under the Provisions of the said recited Act, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order signified by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of

for the time being, or his or their Chief Secretary, from time to time to order and direct any such Regiments of the Line, or any such Regiments of Royal Marines, as His Majesty shall name and appoint, to receive Volunteers from the Militia Forces of Ireland for General Service out of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the said Militia named in any such Order; and that it shall be lawful for any Private Militia Man in the said Militia to enlist under this Act for General Service, subject to the Regulations hereinafter mentioned, into any such Regiment of the Line of His Majesty's Regular Forces, -or into any such Regiment of the Royal Marines as His Majesty shall hereafter, by any such Order as aforesaid, from time to time name and appoint to receive Volunteers from the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia to which any such Private Man shall at the Time of such enlisting under this Act belong.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the Militia of,

whenever he shall receive His Majesty's , Directions, signified as aforesaid, for that Purpose, shall explain to the Private Men of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of which he shall, for the Time beino-, have the Command, in such Manner and at such Times (within One Calendar Mohtli from the Time of his first receiving such Directions) , as His Majesty shall by any such Order appoint, the Terms upon which any Private Man serving in the said Militia may enlist into the Regular Forces or Royal Marines for General Service under this Act; and if upon the Terms, of such enlisting being explained and made known to them as aforesaid, any Private Militia Man shall, within Ten Days then next ensuing, voluntarily declare an Intention to. be enlisted into His Majesty's Regular

Forces

46° GEO. III.

593

A.D. 1806.

C. 124.

Force? or Royal Marines for General Service, it shall be lawful for such Commanding Officer as aforesaid, and every such Commanding Officer is hereby required to discharge such Person from the said Militia, and that every such Private Man so discharged as aforesaid shall immediately belong as a Private Man to the Regiment or Corps into which he shall declare his Intention to enlist, and shall be immediately enlisted and attested for such Regiment or Corps, in due Course of Lav/, and shall, as soon as conveniently may be, be transferred to some Officer of such Regiment or Corps, or such other Officer as His Majesty may have appointed to receive Men enlisted under this Act, and shall have and be entitled to such Bounty, and [n such Manner as His Majesty may in that Behalf direct, together with Subsistence, Pay and Cloathing, to be paid and furnished in like Manner in every Respect, and subject to and under the like Laws, Rules and Regulations as are provided and used for the Regiments or Corps of His Majesty's Regular Forces or Royal Marines into which such Private Militia Man shall have enlisted for General Service as aforesaid, any Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. [So much of §§ 2, 3. as confines the Time of annually -ing to Ten Day st and Ten Days further, 48 G. 3. c. 64. § 1.]

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the whole Number of Men allowed to be discharged at any one Time in pursuance of such Directions under the Provisions of this Act, from any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, shall not voluntarily declare their Intention of enlisting into His Majesty's Regular Forces or Royal Marines, for General Service, within the Space of Ten Days after the Terms of such enlisting have been made known to them as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any such Men to declare such Intention within Ten Days next succeeding such first mentioned Ten Days, and such Men shall be allowed to be discharged and to enlist, and shall be discharged and enlisted accordingly under the Provisions of this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person so discharged from the said Militia for the Purpose of being enlisted into His Majesty's Regular Forces or Royal Marines under this Act, shall refuse to enlist pursuant to any Declaration of being desirous to enlist so made by him as aforesaid, or shall be rejected by any Officer to be appointed for inspecting Men so offering to enlist, or shall by any Means not be actually enlisted into the Regular Forces or Royal Marines under this Act, then and in every such Case, such Person shall continue to belong to the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia from which he shall have been so discharged for the Purpose of being enlisted as aforesaid, notwithstanding any such Discharge.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Private Militia Man shall be entitled to enlist under this Act who shall be in Confinement under any Sentence of any Court Martial, or who shall be under Confinement with a View to being tried by any Court Martial, until he shall have suffered the Sentence of such Court Martial; and that no Private Militia Man shall be entitled to his Discharge, or to enlist under this Act, who shall have been in Confinement, or who shall have been sentenced to any Punishment by any Court Martial for any Offence committed within the

4-6 Geo. III. Q q Space

Ten Days further allowed for the Declaration, if necessary.

Men discharged, if afterwards refusing to enlist, or rejected, shall continue to belong to the Militia.

What Descriptions of Militia Men not entitled to enlist.

594

A.D. 1806.

No Serjeant or Drummer, &c. entitled to enlist without Consent of Commanding Officer.

Commanding Officer to discharge only in the Proportion herein men -tioned annually.

Commanding Officer may refuse to discharge Men on assigning a sufficient Cause, &c»

In what Case Commanding Officer may select the Number.

C. 124. 46° GEO. III.

Space of Two Calendar Months previous to the Time of his so offering to enlist, unless he shall obtain the Consent of the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia in which he shall be serving at the Time of his being desirous of enlisting as aforesaid.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Serjeant or Drummer, nor any Person serving in the Militia who shall be usually employed as a Musician, in the Band of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia to which he shall belong, or shall be usually employed as an Armourer, Paymaster’s or Adjutant’s Clerk, or Regimental Clerk in any such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall be entitled to his Discharge, or to enlist into His Majesty's Regular Forces or Royal Marines under this Act, unless he shall obtain the Consent for that Purpose of the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia in which he shall be then serving.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall authorize any Colonel or Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the said Militia, to discharge or cause to be discharged under the Provisions of this, Act, any greater Number of Private Militia Men of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of which he is Colonel or Commanding Officer, than in the Proportion of Fifteen Men for every Company in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, in any One Year, reckoning from the Twenty fourth Day of J One thousand eight hundred and six.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Colonel or Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia to refuse to discharge any Private Man who shall desire his Discharge for the Purpose of being enlisted into His Majesty's Regular Forces or Royal Marines for General Service under this Act, upon assigning in Writing to the: General Officer commanding in the District within which such Regiment, Battalion or Corps shall be quartered, or to the Adjutant General of His Majesty's Forces where there shall not be any such General Officer as aforesaid, such Cause for his Refusal as shall be deemed sufficient by such General Officer or Adjutant General, as the Case may be: Provided always, that no such Colonel or Commanding Officer shall be authorized to refuse or shall refuse any such Discharge, unless the full Number of Men allowed by this Act to enlist from time to time shall enlist into His Majesty's Regular Forces or Royal Marines from such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, except only in such Cases where it is by this Act expressly provided, that certain Men shall not be entitled to be discharged or to enlist under this Act.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the Number of Men in any One Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the said Militia offering to enlist under this Act shall at any Time exceed the Proportion hereinbefore mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps to select out of the whole Number of Men so offering to enlist such Men, to the full Amount of the Proportion hereinbefore mentioned, as such Colonel or Commanding Officer shall think fit, and such Men so selected, if approved by the Ge-

21 neral

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 124, 1

595

neral or Field Officer authorized to inspect Men enlisting under this Act, shall be enlisted accordingly under the Provisions of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His His Majesty Majesty from time to time to appoint such General or Field Officers may appoint specially authorized bjr His Majesty, or the Commander in Chief

of His Majesty's Forces for that Purpose, to inspect and to ap- to approve prove or reject the Men who shall be desirous of enlisting under or reject the this Act, and such Officers may approve of or reject such Men ac- Men offering to cordingly; and in case any Man or Men shall be rejected by any enlist, such General or Field Officer, as being unfit for His Majesty's Service, on account of his or their not being of the Height of Five Feet Four Inches or upwards, or of his or their being more than Thirty five Years old, or of his or their being disabled by Lameness or other bodily Infirmity, it shall be lawful for such General or Field Officer to select out of all the Men who shall have offered to enlist under this Act, from the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia to which such Man or Men so rejected shall belong, a Man or Men in the Room of such Man or Men so rejected, and such Man or Men so selected by such General or Field Officer shall be enlisted accordingly, under the Provisions of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Colonel or Commanding Commanding

Officer of every Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the said Militia, Officer of shall from time to time transmit to the General or Field Officer to Regiment to be appointed under this Act to inspect the Men desirous of enlist- transmit to ing under this Act from such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, an officers^e-accurate Account in Writing of the Number, Names and Descrip- turns of Men lions of the Men in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, who shall offering to en-have voluntarily declared their Intention of enlisting under the hst; and also Provisions of this Act; and that the several Colonels or Command- ^hief "seoing Officers of the several Regiments, Battalions or Corps of the Men

said Militia, shall within Ten Days after the receiving any Order discharged, for that Purpose from His Majesty, signified by the Lord Lieute- ° nant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time

being, or his or their Chief Secretary, transmit to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of, or his or

their Chief Secretary for the time being, an accurate Account in Writing of the Number of Persons who shall be at any Time discharged from the Militia, of their respective Regiments, Battalions or Corps, under the Provisions of this Act.

[Amended, 51 G. 3. 30.]

CAP. CXXV.

An Act for regulating the Rank of Officers in Yeomanry and

Volunteer Corps.

[21st 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of the 44 G.3. c. 54.

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to consp- § 26.

‘ lidate and amend the Provisions of the several Acts relating to 6 Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain, and to make 6 further Regulations relating thereto: And Whereas it is expedient that the Provisions in the said Act contained in relation to ‘ the Rank of Officers of Yeomanry or Volunteers should be ‘ amended May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty,

596

Officers of £orps of Yeomanry or Volunteers shall not take Rank above Field Officers of the Regulars or Militia.

EXP.

35 G.3. c. 28.

Petty Officers, Seamen, &c. desiring to allot under recited Act, shall sign Two Orders to be witnessed by Captain, &c. and transmitted to the Commissioners of the Navy, who shall make out Bills for Payment, &c.

C. 125, 126, 127. 46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Officer in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers whose Services shall have been accepted by His present Majesty, shall, by reason of his Commission in any such Corps, take Rank above any Field Officer of His Majesty's Regular or Militia Forces; any thing in the said recited Act of the Forty fourth Year aforesaid to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CXXVI.

An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

[21st 1806.]

CAP. CXXVII.

An Act to amend and extend the Benefits of an Act made in the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty, to enable Petty Officers, Seamen and Mariners, serving in His Majesty's Navy, to allot Part of their Wages or Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives and Families.

[21st 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable Petty Officers in the Navy, and Se, Non Commissioned Officers

of Marines, and Marines serving His Majesty's Navy, to allot

4 Part of their Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives and Families: And Whereas it would greatly tend to the Convenience and Benefit of His Majesty's Service, if the Mode prfe- scribed for making Allotments of Pay under the said Act were rendered more simple and easy; ’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Comm oris, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every Petty Officer, Seaman and Landman, and every Non Commissioned Officer of Marines and Marine, desiring to allot any Pay under the Provisions of the said recited Act, shall signify such his Desire, by signing his Name to Two Orders or Declarations, in the Form or to the Effect required by the said Act, and directed to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, which said Orders or Declarations being witnessed by the Captain or Commander, and any other of the signing Officers of the Ship or Vessel to which such Petty Officer, Seaman or Landman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, shall belong, shall be forthwith transmitted to the Commissioners of the Navy, and shall be full and sufficient Authority for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, to make out and sign a Bill in Duplicate for Payment of the Sunt allotted by such Orders or Declarations, to the Person therein named, and the said Commissioners of the Navy shall thereupon transmit One of such Bills to the Person to. whom the Allotment shall be made, and the other of .such Bills to the Person by whom the same is to be paid; and One of the said Orders or Declarations shall be lodged in the Office of the said Commissioners, and the other of 5 the

46° GEO. III.

59 7

A.D. 1806.

C. 127.

the said Orders or Declarations shall be lodged in the Office of the Treasurer of the Navy, as Vouchers for the issuing of such Bills; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

tc Allotments made under recited Act, after the passing of this " Act, till the Provisions of this Act are known, shall be sufficient u Authority to the Navy Board to make out Bills. §2. [

III. And be it enacted, That in every Case in which the Wife or Mother of any Petty Officer, Seaman or Landman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine to whom any Allotment shall have been made payable, at or near to the Port where the Ship or Vessel to which he shall belong may have been at the Time of making such Allotment, shall return to her Friends, or to the Parish or Place to which he shall belong, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Navy, on receiving a Certificate from the Minister and Churchwardens or Elders, of the Parish or Place to which she shall remove, of her actual Residence there, to alter the Place of Payment of her Allotment accordingly; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Petty Officer, Seaman or Landman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, who shall have made any Allotment of Pay under the Provisions of the said recited Act, or who shall hereafter make any Allotment of Pay, shall be desirous of revoking such his Allotment, and shall signify to his Commanding Officer his Intention so to do, and his Reasons for so doing, such Officer shall, as soon as the same can conveniently be done, communicate such Intention, and the Reasons given for the same, to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, and if the said Commissioners shall be satisfied therewith, they are hereby authorized forthwith to stop all future Payments on any such Allotment so revoked; and in every Case in which it shall be represented to the Commissioners of the Navy, by the Minister and Churchwardens, or Elders, of the Parish or Place where any Woman receiving any such Allotment of Pay under the said Act, or this Act, shall reside, and whose Husband shall be then serving Abroad, that she has conducted herself in such a Manner as to be undeserving of Support from her Husband, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized to withhold any further Payment on any such Allotment; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it enacted, That if any Petty Officer, Seaman or Landman, or Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, shall desert from His Majesty's Service, any Allotment he may have made, and which may then be in force, shall immediately cease and determine, and no further Sum or Sums due, or to grow due thereon, shall thereafter be paid on such Allotment; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it enacted, That if any Petty Officer or Seaman in His Majesty's Service, or Non Commissioned Officer of Marines, shall, from Misconduct, or any other Cause, be disrated, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Navy, on Information thereof, to recall any Bills before then issued, and in force for

Qq 3 Payment

Wife or Mother returning to her Friends may be paid at her Place of Residence.

How Allotments may be revoked by Seamen, &c.

Payment to Wives conducting themselves improperly may be stopped by Navy Board.

Allotments to cease on Desertion.

On Seamen, &c. being disrated, Navy Board may recall Bills, if issued, and issue others.

5$8

C. 127.

46° GEO. III.

On Increase of Pay to Seamen, &c. Navy Board may direct Increase of the Amount of Allotments.

Receiver General of Land Tax, Collector of Customs, &c. shall transmit Quarterly Returns of Bills issued under recited Act or this Act; and insert Amount of Money paid, &c.

A.D. 1806.

Payment of any Allotment made by any such Petty Officer or Seaman, or Non Commissioned Officer of Marines, and to direct other Bills to be issued in lieu thereof, to the Amount of Half the Pay to which the Party^so disrated shall be reduced, without his signing any fresh Order or Declaration for that Purpose; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding,

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, or any Three of them, to direct the Treasurer of the Navy, or any Receiver General of Land Tax, Collector of Customs, or Collector of Excise, or Clerks of the Cheque, or Officer of Revenue in Ireland, by whom any Allotment made conformable to the said recited Act, or this Act, shall be payable, from time to time, and as often as the Pay of any such Petty Officer, Seaman or Landman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, shall have been increased by any Order of His Majesty in Council, to increase the Allowance in the Payments which he or they, or any of them, may thereafter make to the Wife or Mother of any such Petty Officer, Seaman or Landman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, to a Proportion equal in the Whole to One Half of the Pay of every such Petty Officer, Seaman or Landman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, at the respective Times of the making of such Payments, and in the same Manner as if such Declaration and Order of Allotment had been originally made according to the Rate of Half the Pay of every such Petty Officer, Seaman or Landman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, at the respective Times of such Payments.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, every Receiver General of Land Tax, Collector of Customs, Collector of Excise, Clerk of the Cheque and Officer of Revenue, in Ireland, shall, on the following Quarter Days, that is to say, on the First Day of the First Day of April,

the First Day of July and the First Day of, in every

Year, transmit to the Commissioners of the Navy a List of all the Triplicate Bills already issued under the Provisions of the said recited Act, and also of all the Duplicate Bills directed to them, or which shall be in their Possession for Payment of Allotments, under the Provisions of this Act, numerically arranged, according to the Number of each Allotment, and particularizing in such Lists the Date of each Allotment, and the Name of the Party by whom the same was made, and the Sum paid per Month in respect thereof, and shall insert in the First of such Lists which shall be transmitted, at the End of the First Quarter after the passing of this Act, the total Sums paid by them respectively, up to that Time, on account of each such Allotment, and shall also insert, in every successive Quarterly List, the Amount of the Money which they shall have paid in respect of each Allotment, in the Quarter immediately preceding the Day when each such List shall or ought to have been transmitted as aforesaid.

[Amended, 49 G. 3. c. 108.]

A.D. 1806. 46° GEO. III. C. 128.

CAP. CXXVIII.

An Act for making Provision for such Masters in Ordinary of the High Court of Chancery as from Age or Infirmity shall be desirous of resigning their Offices with the Approbation of the said Court; and for augmenting the Income of the Masters in Ordinary of the said Court.

[21st 1806.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fifth 5 G.s. c. 2

* Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out upon ‘ Government Securities, a Sum of Money therein mentioned, out ‘ of the common and general Cash in the Bank of England,

1 ing to the Suitors of the said Court, and to apply the Interest

‘ arising therefrom towards augmenting the Income of the Masters ‘ of the said Court; after reciting (amongst other Things) that the § I.

‘ Offices of the Masters in the Court of Chancery were very an-‘ cient, and were Offices of great Trust and Consequence to the ‘ Suitors of the said Court, and the Profits belonging thereto were ‘ not adequate to the Attendance, Trouble and Importance of the

* said Offices, it was enacted, that out of the Cash which then

* lay or should thereafter lie dead and unemployed in the Bank

* of England belonging to the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, a Sum not exceeding Eighty thousand Pounds should and might,

* by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court to be made ‘ for that Purpose from time to time, be placed out in One entire

Sum, or in Parcels, on such Government or Parliamentary Se-‘ curities as in and by such Order or Orders should be directed,

‘ to the Intent that the Interest and annual Produce arising from ‘ the Money so to be placed out as aforesaid might be applied for the Purposes thereinafter mentioned: And it was further §2.

‘ enacted, that the Interest and annual Produce arising from the ' J said Securities should from time to time be received by the ‘ Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and placed to i the Credit of an Account to be raised, in the Books kept there i4 for the Suitors of the said Court, of Interest arising from Money, ‘ placed out in pursuance of that Act, and that out of such In-‘ terest and annual Produce there should be paid by Half Yearly ‘ Payments by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of an Order or Orders of the Court of Chancery ‘ to be made for that Purpose, the annual Sum of Two hundred; ‘ Pounds to each and every of the Eleven Masters in Ordinary of the said Court of Chancery free from Parliamentary Taxes, which ‘ said Annual Sums should commence from the Fifth Day of ‘ January in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred, ‘ and sixty five; and that the Residue of the Interest and annual ‘ Produce arising from the said Securities should be accounted ‘ for, and taken as Part of the common and general Cash of and i ‘ belonging to the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery: And ‘ Whereas in pursuance of an Act of Parliament passed in the ‘ Twelfth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay 12 G.2. c. 24. ‘ out upon proper Securities any Monies, not exceeding a Sum ‘ therein limited, out of the common and general Cash the Bank

Qq 4 ‘

600

4 G.3. c. 32.

9 G.3. c. 19.

14 G.3. c. 43.

32 G.3. c»42.

C; J28. 46° GEO. fll. A.D. 180

fffEngland, belonging to the Suitors

* Ease of the said Suitors, by applyin arising there-’ 4 from for answering the Charges of the Office of the Accountant General of the said Court; and in pursuance of another Act/

* passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

* intituled An Act to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out upon proper Securities a further Sum of Money, not exceeding

4 a Sum therein limited, out of the common and general Cash in the Bank <fEngland, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court,

and for applying the Interest arising therefrom, towards answering the Charges of the Office of the Accountant General of the said Court; and in pursuance of the said Act of Parliament passed 4in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty herein- before recited; and in pursuance of another Act of Parliament passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty *

intituled An Act to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out upon Government Securities a further Sum of Money, not exceeding a Sum therein limited, out of the common and general Cash in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, and to apply the Interest arising therefrom towards ing the Charges of the Office of the Accountant Greneral of the

said Court; and in pursuance of another Act of Parliament ‘ passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for rebuilding the Office of the Six Clerks of the Kings Court of Chancery, and for erecting Offices for the Register and Accountant General of the said Court, for the better preserving the Records, Decrees, Orders and Books Of Account,

kept in such Offices; and in pursuance of another Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out a further Sum of the Suitors’ Money upon proper Securities, and for applying the Interest towards discharge ing the Expences of the Office of the Accountant General, and for

building (ffices for the Masters in Ordinary in Chancery, and a 4 public Office or the Suitors of the said Court, and Offices for the

* Secretaries of Bankrupts and Lunatics, and

positoriesfor securing the Title Deeds of the Suitors of the said Court, and the Records and Proceedings of the Commissioners of *' Bankrupts and Lunatics; several Sums of Money have, by virtue

'* of several Orders of the High Court of Chancery, been taken out 4of the common and general Cash belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, which lay dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, and placed out in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court on Government or Parliamentary Securities;

and such Government or Parliamentary Securities have been, in 4pursuance of the said Act passed in the Thirty second Year of

the Reign of His present Majesty, carried to an Account, intituled Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and ‘ better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery; "

‘ and out of the Dividends and Interest of the Securities purchased in pursuance of the said several Acts of Parliament, the several

annual and other Payments and Salaries provided for by such

Acts of Parliament, and by other Acts of Parliament therein recited, have been from time to time made and paid; and the

* surplus

A.D. 1806, 46° GEO. III. C. 128. 601

* Surplus Interest and annual Produce arising from the said Se-‘ curities, beyond what was sufficient to answer the Purposes of the said several Acts, and also the Interest produced from the ‘ Securities purchased with such surplus Interest and annual Pro-‘ duce, have been from time to time, in pursuance of the last ‘ mentioned Act, laid out in the Purchase of Government or Par-‘ liamentary Securities, in the Name of the Accountant General ‘ of the said Court of Chancery, and placed to the Credit of an ‘ Account, intituled " Account of Securities purchased with sur-‘ plus Interest arising from Securities carried to an Account of ‘ Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the

Suitors of the High Court of Chancery and the Dividends and ‘ Interest of such Government or Parliamentary Securities are ‘ more than sufficient to answer and make good all the annual and ‘ other Payments and Salaries, by the several Acts of Parliament ‘ hereinbefore mentioned or referred to, directed to be made and ‘ paid thereout; and also the several annual Payments or Salaries ‘ hereinafter provided: And Whereas, from the increased Expence of living, it is expedient that an Augmentation should be ‘ made to the Income of the Masters in Ordinary of the High ‘ Court of Chancery, and that Power should be given to make a fproper Provision from time to time for such of the said Masters ‘ as shall be desirous of resigning their said Offices under the Au-‘ thority hereinafter contained, and for that Purpose to order the.

‘ Payment to them of Annuities to the Amount hereinafter men-‘ tioned:’ May it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted;

. and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That out of the Interest and Dividends of Out of the the Government or Parliamentary Securities carried to the said Dividends of Account, intituled " Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit the F*}nds " and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, " J^e^rried and out of the Interest and Dividends of the Government or Par- the Account of liamentary Securities carried to the said Account, intituled "Ac- the Suitors of " count of Securities purchased with surplus Interest arising from the Court of <Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Chancery,

• " Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of t bc " Chancery/’ and out of the Interest and Dividends of any ^Year Government or Parliamentary Securities hereafter to be purchased additional to and placed to the last mentioned Account, there shall be paid, each of the

; (but subject to and without Prejudice to the Payment of all Salaries ElevenMasters; and other Sums of Money by the several Acts of Parliament here- H^f 1 inbefore mentioned or referred to, directed or authorized to be eary.

paid thereout,) by Half Yearly Payments, by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of an Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpose, the annual Sum of Four hundred Pounds to each and every of the Eleven Masters in Ordinary of the said Court for the time being, free from Parliamentary Taxes, as an Augmentation of and Addition to their respective Salaries provided by the said Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; which said annual Sum of Four hundred Pounds to each of the said Eleven v Masters

602

.46° GEO. III.

Lord Chancellor, &c. may order an Annuity of 1, 5001. out of the said Fund be paid to any Master Twenty Years’standing, or who is disabled by Infirmity from discharging his Duty, on resigning his Office.

To be paid Quarterly.

Expences of Act paid out of the said Funds.

Application of surplus Money beyond the Sums necessary for the Purposes of this and recited Acts.

C. 128.

A.D. 1, 806.

Masters shall commence from the Fifth Day of One thousand eight hundred and six.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That

it shall be lawful for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain, by any Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery, to be made from time to time, on a Petition presented to him or them for that Purpose, to order (if he or they shall so think fit) an Annuity or clear yearly Sum of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Fifteen hundred Pounds, to be paid out of the Dividends and Interest of the Government or Parliamentary Securities, purchased or to be purchased, as hereinbefore mentioned, to any of the said Eleven Masters in Ordinary of the High Court of Chancery, who shall have been a Master in Ordinary of the said Court of Chancery for the Term of Twenty Years, or who shall be afflicted with some permanent Infirmity, disabling him from the due Execution of his Office, and who shall be desirous of resigning the same, in which Order or Orders the Cause or Ground of making the same shall be distinctly stated and specified, and the Annuity or yearly Sum mentioned in such Order or Orders, shall be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, out of the Interest and Dividends of the said Government or Parliamentary Securities (but subject and without Prejudice as aforesaid) , by even and equal Quarterly Payments, on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of, in every Year,

to such Master in Ordinary from the Period when he shall resign his said Office, for and during the Term of his natural Life, free from Parliamentary Taxes.

III. And be it further enacted, That out of the Interest and

Dividends of the said Government or Parliamentary Securities, purchased and to be purchased as aforesaid, the Expences incurred in preparing and passing this Act, and the Costs, Charges and Expences of all Proceedings to be had in consequence thereof, shall be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of,

by virtue of an Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery, to be made for that Purpose.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the surplus Interest and annual Produce which shall arise from the Money placed out on Securities pursuant to the said Act passed in the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and pursuant to the several Acts therein and hereinbefore mentioned or .referred to, (and which Securities are thereby directed to be carried to the Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery,) and also the Interest which shall be produced from the Securities purchased, and to be purchased with such surplus Interest, beyond what shall be sufficient to answer the Purposes of the said former Acts and the Purposes of this Act, shall from time to time be placed out on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and shall be placed to the Credit of the said Account, raised in pursuance of the said Act of the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and intituled " Account of Securities purchased with surplus Interest, arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed

- " out

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 128, 129.

603

out for the Benefit and better Security of Suitors of the High Court of Chancery and which Fund shall be applied to answer the Demands of the said Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, in case it shall at any Time be necessary to call in any of the Money of the said Suitors, which hath been or may be placed out on Securities.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for

the Lord High Chancellor of Great, or Lord Keeper or

Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, by any Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery, to change the Security or Securities, or any Part of the Securities purchased or to be purchased pursuant to the several Acts hereinbefore mentioned, or referred to, or pursuant to this Act. '

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That for and notwithstanding any of the Provisions contained in this Act, if at any Time hereafter the Whole or any Part of the Money placed out pursuant to the said several Acts, or any of them, shall be wanted to answer any of the Demands of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, then, and in such Case, the said Court may and shall direct the Whole, or any Part thereof, to be called in, and the Securities in which the same shall be placed, and also the Securities upon which the Surplus Interest and Dividends hereinbefore mentioned shall be placed, to be sold and disposed of, in order that the Suitors of the said Court may at all Times be paid .their respective Demands out of the common and general Cash belonging to such Suitors.

CAP. CXXIX.

An Act to provide additional Salaries to the present Clerks in the Office of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and to provide additional Clerks for the said Office, with Salaries; and to make other Payments in respect of the said Office.

[21st 1806.]

WHEREAS by virtue of an Act, passed in the Thirty second

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out a further Sum of the Suitors Money upon proper, and for -

* plying the Interest towards discharging the of the Office

of the Accountant General; and for building Offices ters in Ordinary in Chancery, and a public Office for the Suitors of the said Court, and Offices for the Secretaries of Bankrupts and

4 Lunatics; and for building Repositories for securing the Title Deeds of the Suitors of the said, and the Records and -

ceedings of the Commissioners of Bankrupts and Lunatics; and of several Acts in the said Act mentioned, divers Sums of Money have been by virtue of several Orders taken out of the common and general Cash belonging to the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, which lay dead and unemployed in the Bank of -4 land, and have been placed out in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, on Government or Parliamentary Securities; and such Government or Parliamentary Securities have been, in pursuance of the said Act passed in the Thirty second, •. - 4 Year

Securities may be changed.

Securities shall remain liable to answer all Demands of Suitors.

32 G.3. c. 42. § 3-

604

Out of the

"Dividends on the Securities carried to the Account of the Suitors’ Money the Accountant General’s Clerks shall be paid the additional yearly Salaries herein mentioned; and the Expence of this Act.

C. 129. 46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806'.

1 •:\

1 Year of His present Majesty's Reign, carried to an Account, intituled Account of Monies placed Out for the Benefit and better

* Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, " and out of the Dividends and Interest of the Securities purchased in pur-

* suance of the said several Acts of Parliament, the several annual

* Sums and Salaries, and the several other Payments directed to ‘ be made, and to be paid, have been from time to time made and ‘ paid; and the surplus Interest and annual Produce arising from the said Securities, beyond what was sufficient to answer the Purposes of the said several Acts, and also the Interest produced ‘ from the Securities purchased, with such surplus Interest and ‘ annual Produce, have been, from time to time, in pursuance of the said last mentioned Act, laid out in the Purchase of Govern-

ment or Parliamentary Securities, in the Name of the Accountant ! 4 General of the said Court, and placed to the Credit of an Account,

intituled Account of Securities purchased with surplus Interest,

arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery And Whereas the Money and Effects belonging to the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, under the Care and Direction of the Accountant General of the said Court,

have very greatly increased, by reason whereof the necessary Business of the said Office is grown so extensive and laborious,

that the Provisions made by the several Acts relating to the said Office of the Accountant General are become inadequate to the Attendance, Trouble and Importance of the said Office, an d i n -4 sufficient to answer the Charges attending the Execution thereof:

And Whereas it is reasonable not only to provide additional Salaries for the present Clerks in the said Office of the Accountant General, but also to provide additional Clerks, and Salaries for such additional Clerks, and to make Provision for such other Payments as are hereinafter mentioned May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That out of the Interest and Dividends on the Government or Parliamentary Securities carried to the said Account, intituled Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, " and out of the Interest and Dividends of the Government or Parliamentary Securities carried to the said Account, intituled Account of Se curities purchased with Surplus Interest arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery and out of the Interest and Dividends of any Government or Parliamentary Securities hereafter to be purchased and placed to the said last mentioned Account, there shall be paid (but subject and without Prejudice to the Payment of all Salaries and Sums of Money by any Act or Acts of Parliament heretofore passed, directed or authorized to be paid thereout) by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery, to be made for that Purpose, the several Payments and Sums hereinafter mentioned, namely, the Expends

incurred,

46° GEQ. III.

C. 129.

605

A.D. 1806.

incurred, and to be incurred in preparing and passing this Act of Parliament, and the Costs, Charges and Expences of all Proceedings to be had in consequence thereof, and such additional yearly Sums or Salaries to be from time to time paid Quarterly, free of Taxes, to the Accountant General’s First, Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth and Seventh Clerks for the time being as hereinafter mentioned; to the First Clerk One hundred Pounds, to the Second Clerk One hundred Pounds, to the Third Clerk Two hundred Pounds, to the Fourth Clerk Two hundred and fifty Pounds, to the Fifth Clerk One hundred and eighty Pounds, to the Sixth Clerk One hundred and eighty Pounds, to the Seventh Clerk Two hundred Pounds, the First quarterly Payment to commence on the Twenty ninth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and six; and also such several yearly Sums or Salaries as are hereinafter mentioned to be from time to time paid Quarterly, free of Taxes, to Four additional Clerks for the time being; namely, ah Eighth, Ninth, Tenth and Eleventh Clerks to be appointed, that is to say, to the Eighth Clerk One hundred and eighty Pounds, to the Ninth Clerk One hundred and eighty Pounds, to the Tenth Clerk One hundred and eighty Pounds, to the Eleventh Clerk One hundred and eighty Pounds, the First quarterly Payment to such Clerks respectively to commence on the said Twenty ninth Day of One thousand eight hundred and six; and also such Sums as shall appear to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the time being, to be reasonable, to order to be repaid or reimbursed to the Executors of Thomas Walker Esquire, deceased, the late Accountant General, and to any of the present Clerks in the said Office, as having been heretofore reasonably expended by the late Accountant General, or any of the said Clerk or Clerks respectively, either in paying Persons for assisting in carrying on and expediting the Business of the said Office, or in paying Expences in or about the Buildings in which the said Business has been carried on, or for Furniture, Books, Stationery or Printing* provided or supplied for carrying on the said Business, or in providing Coals and other necessary Articles for the said Office; and also such annual Sum to be paid to the Accountant General for the time being, not exceeding the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, as to the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal for the time being, shall from time to time seem reasonable, to be paid or allowed for Expences to be incurred in future in providing Furniture, Books, Stationery or Printing, for such Purpose as aforesaid, and in providing Coals and other necessary Articles for the said Office, and in paying any Person or Persons necessarily attending therein to take care of the same; such last mentioned annual Sum to be paid Quarterly, and the First Payment to commence as by such Order or Orders shall be directed.

II. And be it further enacted, That the surplus Interest and annual Produce which shall arise from the Money placed out on Securities pursuant to the said Act passed in the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament therein and hereinbefore mentioned or referred to, (and which Securities are thereby directed to be carried to the Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security

of

Lord Chancellor, &c. may order the Executors of Thomas Walker Esq. late Accountant General, and any of the Clerks to be reimbursed any necessary Expence incurred by them in carrying on the Business of the Office.

2001. yearly may be allowed to the Accountant General in future, to provide Furniture, Books, &c.

Paid Quarterly.

Surplus Money arising beyond the Sums necessary for the Purposes of this and recited Acts, how to be applied.

606

Securities may be changed.

Money to be called in to answer the Demands of Suitors.

C. 129, 130. 46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery,) and also the Interest which shall be produced from the Securities purchased and to be purchased with such surplus Interest beyond what shall be sufficient to answer the Purposes of the said former Acts and the Purposes of this Act, shall from time to time be placed out on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and shall be placed to the Credit of the said Account raised in pursuance of the said Act of the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and intituled " Account of Securities purchased with surplus Interest u arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed " out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the " High Court of Chancery and which Fund shall be applied to answer the Demands of the said Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, in case it shall at any time be necessary to call in any of the Money of the said Suitors which hath been or may be placed out on Securities.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for

the Lord High Chancellor of Great, or Lord Keeper, or

Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain, for the time being, by any Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery, to change the Security or Securities, or any Part of the Securities purchased or to be purchased pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament hereinbefore mentioned or referred to, or pursuant to this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That for and notwithstanding any of the Provisions contained in this Act, if at any Time hereafter the Whole or any Part of the Money placed out pursuant to the said several Acts of Parliament, or any of them, shall be wanted to answer any of the Demands of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, then and in such Case, the said Court may and shall direct the Whole or any Part thereof to be called in; and the Securities in which the same shall be placed, and also the Securities upon which the surplus Interest and Dividends hereinbefore mentioned shall be placed, to be sold and disposed of, in order that the Suitors of the said Court may at all Times be paid their respective Demands out of the common and general Cash belonging to such Suitors.

[See as to Examiner s Office, 50 G. 3. clxiv. and as to the

cretary and Usher of the Vice Chancellor of England and the

Clerks in the Accountant Gener, 55 G. 3. lxiv.]

CAP. CXXX.

An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments as have been purchased for better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships and Stores at,

and for the Use of His Majesty's Ordnance at Warty Common and Woolwich, in pursuance of an Act made in the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty.

[21st 1806.]

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 131, 132. 607

CAP. CXXXI.

An Act for exonerating the Estates of Lewis Esquire,

and Marianne Lewis Spinster, in the Parish of in

the County of Surrey, from the Claims of His Majesty

against the Estate of Edward Lewis Esquire, deceased.

[21st July 1806.]

[&8500 to be paid to the Crown account of the Debt due

from E. Lew,

CAP. CXXXII.

An Act for erecting a Light House on the Bell or Pock, on the Eastern Coast of Scotl, and for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury to advance a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great,

towards that Purpose.

[21st July 1806.]

* XX7 WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Twenty sixth Year of 26 G.3. c.ioi, His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for ing certain Light Houses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain,

4 His Majesty's Advocate and Solicitor General, the Lord Provost and Eldest Baillie of Edinburgh, the Lord Provost and Eldest Baillie of Glasgow, the Provosts of Aberdeen, Inverness and Campbelton, the Sheriffs Depute of the Counties of,

4 Lanark, Renfrew, Bute, Argyle, Inverness, Ross, Orkney, Caith- ness and Aberdeen, for the time being, or any Five of them, were appointed Commissioners or Trustees for putting the said Act into Execution, and erecting Four Light Houses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain; One at Kinnaird's Head in the County of Aberdeen; One on the Island of North Ronilshaw in the Ork- neys; One on the Point of Scalqm in the Island of Skerries; and the Fourth on the Mull of Cantyre; and certain Duties were

thereby granted for answering the Expences of making the Works, and the Commissioners were thereby empowered to borrow Money on the Credit of the Duties, and if any Surplus should remain after the Payments therein directed to be made,

and necessary Expenditure, the same was once in every Year to be vested in some one or other of the Public Funds of the Kingdom, until the Yearly Interest of the same should amount to a 4 Sum equal to the whole Expence attending the said Light Houses,

and then and in that Case, the Sums that should have been theretofore payable by the several Ships and Vessels passing the said Light Houses, should ipso facto cease, determine and be no longer payable; And Whereas, by another Act passed in the Twenty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to render more effectual an Act passed in the Twenty 28 G.3. c. 25. 4 sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for erecting certain Light Houses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain, " the said Commissioners were authorized to take certain additional Duties, to borrow more Money, and to levy and exact the Duties as soon as Two of the said Light Houses should be lighted: And Whereas, by another Act passed in the Twenty 29 G.s. c. 52. 4 ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act 4 to give further Powers to the Commissioners for erecting certain

608

C. 132.

A.D. 1806.

When the Light House on the Bell or Cape Rock is finished, the Duties herein mentioned may be taken.

46° GEO. III.

Light -Houses in the Northern Parts o/"Great Britain, the Commissioners were empowered to erect a Light House in the Island of Arran, or upon the^ Island of Plada, near the same; and the said Commissioners were likewise authorized, whenever the Produce of the Duties should enable them to erect other Light Houses, to cause such other Light Houses to be erected upon other Parts of the Coast of Great Britain, as they should deem necessary; and by another Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the said Trustees or Commissioners were incorporated for the better carrying the several Acts into Execution, and made One Body Politic and Corporate,

by the Name of The Commissioners of the Northern Light HousesAnd Whereas, in virtue of the Powers given by the said several Acts, the said Commissioners have erected the fol-f lowing Light Houses; videlicet, One on Head in

Aberdeenshire; a Second on North Ron aids ay in Orkney; a 4 Third on the Point of Scalpa, One of the Skerries Isles; a 4 Fourth on the Mull of Cantyre; a Fifth on the Island of Plada near Arran; a Sixth and Seventh on the Pentland Skerries in Orkney; an Eighth on the Island of Inch Keith in the of

4 Forth; and a Ninth on the Start Point of Sunda, One of the Orkney Islands: And Whereas there is a certain Rock, called the Bell or Cape Rock, on the East Coast of Scotland, near the Entrance of the Firths of Forth and Tay, and in Fifty six Degrees Twenty nine Minutes North Latitude, and in Two Degrees Twenty two Minutes West Longitude, and lying in a Tract sailed by a great Number of Vessels, many of which have been lost on, near or in consequence of the said Rock: And Whereas a 4 Light House on the said Rock will be of great Benefit to Trade and Navigation, and the Means of preserving the Ships, Goods and Lives of His Majesty's Subjects, the Commissioners appointed by the before recited Acts, in virtue of the Powers thereby granted, propose to erect, or cause to be erected, on the said Bell or Cape Rock a proper Light House, with such other Buildings, and Conveniencies, as to them shall seem necessary; 4 but as the same cannot be accomplished by the present Funds of the Commissioners, without the Aid of Parliament; ’ May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the said Light House shall be finished, and a Light put therein, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or for such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, to demand, collect, receive and take from all and every the Masters and Owners of every Ship or decked Vessel, the Sums or Duties following; that is to say, from every Ship or decked Vessel of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, navigated according to Law, which shall sail to or from any Port or Place on the East Coast of Scotland, between Peterhead on the North and Berwick upon Tweed on the South inclusive, and whether the said Ship or Vessel shall be outward or homeward bound, or on a foreign Voyage, or sailing Coastways; as also from all Ships and Vessels as above described, which shall

46° GEO. III. C. 1 3

A.D,

609-

sail within a Line drawn from Peterhead on the North to the said Port of Bermckon the South, both inclusive, a Sum of One Penny Halfpenny for every Ton: And for every foreign Ship or decked Vessel, sailing as aforesaid, a Sum not exceeding Three Pence for every Ton thereof.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That as soon as in the When a proper Course of building the said Light House, a proper Beacon or dis- Beacon is tinguishing Mark or Object shall be erected on the said Bell or erec^ Half

Cape Rock, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or for ^t^en^arid^ such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, to collect and take oam0oringa from Masters and Owners of Ships and Vessels before described, Vessel, and and sailing as aforesaid, a Sum not exceeding Half the Amount of shewing a the said Duties respectively: And provided further, that if it shall floating Light, be found advisable by the said Commissioners before the said maybe U" Light House is completed, to anchor or moor a Ship or Vessel, pai(^ y and show a floating or other Light, at or near the said Cape or Bell Rocky then and in that Case it shall and may be lawful to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, to take from the Masters and Owners of Ships and Vessels before described the full Duties respectively hereby granted; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided also, That no Ship or Vessel, whether outward or Vessels passing homeward bound, or on any foreign Voyage, or sailing Coastways, more than One shall pay more than One Penny Halfpenny per Ton, or Three LlS'ht House Pence per Ton, respectively as aforesaid, although the said Ship or ^d^once*^ Vessel shall, in the Course of the same Voyage, pass any One or ° on

all of the said Light Houses already erected, or such others as may in future be erected, in virtue of the Powers vested in the said Commissioners,

IV. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall ex- Exemption tend, or be construed to extend, to charge any Ships or Vessels from Duties, belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or employed Roy^ Navy, in the Service of His Majesty's Revenue, or such Ships or Vessels &c‘

as are by the said recited Act of the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty exempted from the Payment of the said Duties, or any Ship or Vessel sailing from One Port to another, Westward of Queensferry in the of Forth, or any

Ship or Vessel sailing from One Port to another in the Firth of Tay.

V. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall have Powers of for-all the Authorities and Powers conferred upon them in virtue of mer Acts to any former Acts for enforcing Payment of the Duties granted by Jctend 10 this this Act, and of compounding for the same; and the like Powers ct *

and Regulations shall be observed with respect to the maintaining and supporting the said Light House, and the Lights therein, and for the Appointment and Removal of Collectors, Keepers and other Officers, as are contained in and directed by any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to the Light Houses under the Management of the said Commissioners.

VI. And, in order for the more readily and effectually accom- Treasury au-plishing the Object of this Act, be it enacted, That the Lord thorized to ad-High Treasurer of Great Britain* or the Lords Commissioners of van°e

His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall be, missione°re of and they are hereby authorized and empowered, out of all or any Northern Light 46 Geo. III. Rr of

610 C. 132. 4.6° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Houses, towards erecting the Light House upon Bell or Cape Rock.

Duties to be

of the Duties and Revenues composing the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, to advance and pay such a Sum or Sums of Money,

not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Twenty five thousand Pounds ot lawful Money of Great towards building and

erecting the said Light House upon the Bell or Cape Rock, to the Commissioners of the said Northern Light Houses, or to their Treasurer or Cashier, by annual Instalments of not exceeding Five thousand Pounds for the First Year after the passing of this Act, of Ten thousand Pounds for the Second Year, and of Ten thousand Pounds for the Third Year; and such Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid, without any Fees or other Deductions whatsoever, and shall be applied and disposed of by the said Commissioners, in defraying and discharging the Expences incurred in building the said Light House.

VII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as the said Sum

assigned over to the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, after deducting Expence of this Act, and of levying the Duties, and maintaining Light Houses, as a Security for Repayment of the 25,000l. and Interest.

Surplus of Duties to be vested in the 3 per Cent. Consols, to form a Fund for paying off the Money borrowed.

of Twenty five thousand Pounds shall be issued and advanced to the said Commissioners or to any Person or Persons to be appointed by them to receive the same, the said Commissioners shall assign to the Lord Chief Baron and other Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland, all the Rates and Duties which shall arise and be levied in consequence of this and the said former Acts, after deducting therefrom the Expence of procuring and passing this Act, and of levying the said Duties, and maintaining the said Light Plouse and the Light Houses already erected, or which the said Commissioners shall afterwards think it proper and necessary to erect, in consequence of the said Acts; all which Duties so to be assigned shall thenceforth be vested in the said Lord Chief Baron and other Barons of the said Court of Exchequer, as a Security for the said Sum of Twenty five thousand Pounds, and until the said Sum, together with the Interest of the same, at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be completely paid and satisfied; and which Interest shall be paid Half Yearly by the said Commissioners into the said Court of Exchequer, at the End of every Six Months from the Time of advancing the same.

VIII. And be it enacted, That for the further Security of the aforesaid Assignment, and for the more ready and speedy Redemption of the said Loan, that the Surplus or Residue of the Duties by this and the former Acts, empowered to be levied, which shall remain after the building of the aforesaid Light House on the Bell or Cape Rock is completed, and after paying the Interest of the Sum of Twenty five thousand Pounds, as hereinbefore directed, with the Expence attending the Light Houses erected, or to be erected, by the Commissioners, shall be once in every Year vested in the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, or in some One or other of the Public Funds, and shall be allowed to accumulate until the same shall amount to a Sum equal to the Repayment of the aforesaid Sum of Twenty five thousand Pounds so to be lent, and afterwards such annual Investment of the Surplus Duties shall continue as directed by the Act of the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty before recited, until the Yearly Interest of the same shall amount to a Sum equal to the whole Expence-attending the said Light Houses, when the Duties by this and the former Acts empowered to be levied are to

21 be

46° GEO. III.

611

A.D. 1806.

C. 132, 135.

be diminished, and at last ipso facto to cease and determine, in Manner mentioned in the before recited Acts.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That until the Money to be Sums to be advanced as aforesaid shall be laid out in carrying on deposited in the said Works, it shall and may be lawful to the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to place ^lTwantedfor out the same, or such Part thereof as they shall see proper, in the the purposes of Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, or with the British this Act.

Linen Company, or in Government Securities, at such Interest as can he procured for the same.

X. And Whereas the said Commissioners have invested the Surplus Duties, arising from the Light Houses already erected,

* to the Amount of Twenty eight thousand Pounds Three Centum Consolidated Annuities, which Sum, or Part thereof, it may be necessary to advance and pay, in Addition to the said Sum of Twenty five thousand Pounds, towards erecting and completing the said Light House; Be it therefore enacted, Surplus of That the said Commissioners shall be, and they are hereby autho- Duties arising rized and empowered to advance and pay the Whole, or such Part H^s^akead of the said Sum, as they shall judge necessary towards the Expence may be

of completing the said Light House, and for that Purpose tosell and applied'for the transfer the same, as they shall think proper; any thing in the Purposes of aforesaid former Acts provided to the contrary notwithstanding, this Act.

[See as to the Island and Light of May, 45 G. 3. 136; as to

the Isles of Man and Calf of Man, 5 3. e. lxvii.J

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, for consolidating the several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, and to make further Provision for exonerating small Livings and charitable Institutions from the Land Tax.

[22d 1806.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty second Year of 42 G. 3. c.lie. 4 V\ the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for § 25.

consolidating the Provisions of the several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax into One Act, and for making

further Provision for the Redemption and Sale thereof, and for removing Doubts respecting the Right of Persons claiming to vote at Elections for Knights of the Shire and other Members to serve in Parliament, in respect of Messuages, Lands or Tenements, the

4 Land Tax upon tv Inch shall have been redeemed or purchased; it was enacted, that in case the Consideration for the Redemption of any Land Tax by Bodies Politic or Corporate, or other Person or Persons entitled to the Benefit of Preference under the said Act, should be in Stock, and the Contract should be entered into after the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, that the whole Amount of such Consideration should be transferred within the Period of Two Years from the Date of the Contract: And Whereas it is expedient to allow such Bodies and Persons respectively a longer Period for the Completion of Contracts entered into after the passing of this

CAP. CXXXIII.

Act,

612

46° GEO. III.

Where the Consideration for Redemption of Land Tax by Corporations, &c. entitled to Preference under recited Act, shall be in Stock, such Stock may be transferred within Sixteen Years by Instalments.

Commissioners (appointed under 42 G.3.

C. 133.

A.D. 1806.

1 Act, in the Cases herein specified Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That where the Consideration for the Redemption of any Land Tax shall be in Stock, and such Land Tax shall be contracted for by any Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons entitled to such Benefit or Preference as aforesaid, at any Time after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful to contract that the whole Amount of such Consideration shall be transferred within the Period of Sixteen Years from the Date of such Contract, and the Consideration in every such Case shall be transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, by even and equal Instalments in every Year, the First annual Instalment to be made on or before such of the Quarterly Days specified in the said recited Act, as shall next ensue the entering into the Contract: Provided always, that it shall be lawful to transfer the whole Stock so agreed to be transferred, as the Consideration for the Redemption of any Land Tax, or any Part thereof, in advance, to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, notwithstanding any Stipulations in the Contract to the contrary; provided also, that if a Division of the entire Quantity of Stock into equal Sums, to be paid by such Instalments as aforesaid, would occasion a Fraction less than the Fraction of One Penny, the fractional Part or Parts less than One Penny necessary to such equal Division shall be taken from every prior Instalment, and be added to the last Instalment, so as to avoid any Fraction less than One Penny; provided also, that upon the Transfer of the Second, and so of every subsequent Instalment upon every such Contract, there shall be paid into the Hands of the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, a Sum of Money by way of Interest, in like Manner, in all respects, as in the said recited Act is directed in Cases of Transfer of Stock by Instalments.

II. And Whereas the Profits already arising to the Public from the Redemption of Land Tax by Bodies Politic and Corporate, and Companies, and Feoffees and Trustees for charitable and other Public Purposes, by Sales under the Authority of the Commissioners appointed by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, for the Purposes of regulating, directing,

approving and confirming such Sales, amounts to a very large Sum, and is likely to be considerably increased by further Sales, and Contracts for Sale, for the Redemption of Land Tax,

under the Authority of the said Commissioners: And Whereas it may be expedient to augment the Income of small Livings, or other ecclesiastical Benefices, and of charitable Institutions, by exonerating the same from the Land Tax charged on the Mes- suages, Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments, belonging to such Livings or other ecclesiastical Benefices, or charitable Institutions, in the Manner herein mentioned; ’ Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain for the Purposes aforesaid, at any

Time

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 133.

613

Time within the Space of Two Years after the passing of this Act, to direct the Exoneration and Discharge of the Land Tax, charged upon the Messuages, Lands, Tenements and other Hereditaments, belonging to any Livings, or other ecclesiastical Benefices, or charitable Institutions, in Cases where the whole clear annual Income of such Livings or other ecclesiastical Benefices, or charitable Institutions, shall not exceed the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds without the Transfer or Payment of any Consideration for the same, in the Manner, and under the Directions and Restrictions in this Act mentioned; provided that the annual Amount of Land Tax to be exonerated by virtue of this Act under the Direction of the said Commissioners, without the Transfer or Payment of any Consideration, shall not exceed the Sum of Six thousand Pounds. {Term , 50 3. c. § 1. See 53 G.3. c-. 123. § 33 — 38.]

III. And be it further enacted, That every Incumbent of any such Living or other ecclesiastical Benefice, and all Feoffees or Trustees of any such charitable Institution, who shall be desirous that the Messuages, Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments, belonging to such Living or ecclesiastical Benefice or charitable Institution, should be exonerated from Land Tax under the Provisions of this Act, shall, within Six Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, transmit a Memorial to the said Commissioners, verified in such Manner as they shall require and direct, stating the Nature and Description of the Property, or other Funds or Sources from whence the Income of such Living or ecclesiastical Benefice, or charitable Institution is derived, and the Amount of Income derived from each respectively; and shall also at the same Time transmit to the said Commissioners a Certificate or Certificates, signed by Two or more of the Commissioners of Land Tax or Supply, acting for the Hundred, Ward, Lathe, Wapentake, Rape or other Division of the County, Riding, City, Borough, Cinque Port, Town or Place, within which the Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, belonging to such Living or other ecclesiastical Benefice, or charitable Institution, shall be situate, which Certificate or Certificates such last mentioned Commissioners are hereby authorized and required to grant, containing a Description in Writing of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, belonging to such Living, or other ecclesiastical Benefice, or charitable Institution, and the Name of the Parish or Place, or Parishes or Places, within which the same shall be situate, and the Amount or Amounts of Land Tax charged thereon: Provided always, that.it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, appointed by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, if they shall deem it expedient, to enlarge the Time by this Act limited for the Transmission of Memorials and Certificates as aforesaid, for any further Period not exceeding Six Months from the Expiration of the Period by this Act limited as aforesaid; and all Memorials and Certificates which shall be transmitted to the said Commissioners within such extended Period shall be as valid and effectual to enable the Exoneration of Land Tax, under the Provisions of this Act, as if the same had been transmitted within the Period herein prescribed.

R r 3 IV. And

c. 116. §72.) may exonerate small Livings and charitable Institutions from the Land Tax, without any Consideration.

Incumbents of such Livings and Trustees of Charities to transmit Statements of the Income of such Living or Charity, and Certificates of the Amount of Land Tax, within Six Months;

and Six Months further, under Order of Commissioners.

614?

Commissioners may, by Indorsement on Certificate of Land Tax, declare the Lands exonerated therefrom.

Such Certificates of Exoneration to be registered gratis.

Proceedings of Commissioners to be laid before Parliament.

Period of Enrolment and Registry of Deeds extended.

Application of the Provisions of 42 G.3. c. 116.

C. 133. 46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners appointed by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, by Writing under their Hands and Seals indorsed on the said Certificate of the Commissioners of Land Tax, to certify and declare, that the Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, comprized in such Certificate, shall be wholly freed and exonerated from the Land Tax charged thereon, and from all further Assessments thereof under the Provisions of this Act; and such Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments shall thereupon be wholly freed and exonerated from such Land Tax and all further Assessments thereof, from such of the quarterly Days of Payment of Land Tax as shall next precede the Day on which such Certificate shall be left at the proper Office appointed for the Registry of Contracts for Redemption of Land Tax, for the Purpose of being duly registered in the Manner herein; prescribed.

V. And be it further enacted, That the proper Officer appointed for the Registry of Contracts entered into under the said recited Act, shall register all such Certificates of Land Tax, and the said Certificates of Exoneration indorsed thereon, , and shall make out and transmit Duplicates of the Land Tax, thereby certified and exonerated under the Provisions of this Act, and do all such other Acts and Things necessary for the Exoneration of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, comprised in such Certificates, as by the said recited Act are directed in regard to Contracts entered into under the Provisions thereof; and every Copy of the Registry of any such Certificate, signed by such Officer, shall be allowed in all Courts and Places, and before all Persons, to be good and sufficient Evidence of such Certificate; and no such Certificate, nor any Copy of the Registry thereof, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty.

VI. And be it further enacted, That a Statement of the Proceedings of the said Commissioners appointed under the Great Seal, in the Execution of this Act, shall be laid before Parliament before the Expiration of the Session of Parliament ending in the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine.

1 VII. And Whereas it is expedient to make Provision for the

* Enrolment and Registry of Deeds which have not been duly

* enrolled or registered, pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Act, and of the several other Acts passed relating to ‘ the Redemption of Land Tax Be it therefore further enacted, That all Deeds required by the said recited Act, or any other Acts relating to the Redemption of Land Tax, to be enrolled or registered, shall be valid and effectual although the same shall not have been or shall not be enrolled or registered within the Periods prescribed by the said Acts respectively, provided the same shall have been enrolled or registered before the passing of this Act, or shall be enrolled or registered within Six Calendar Months after the passing thereof.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions of the said recited Act shall, in so far as the same are applicable, and except where the same are hereby expressly varied, be used and applied, extended and construed, in like

Manner,

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 133, 134.

615

Manner, in the Execution of this Act, as if the same Provisions (except as aforesaid) were specially re-enacted therein.

[Further Provision m, 49 G. 3. 67.]

CAP. CXXXIV.

An Act to provide for the Security and Expedition of the Conveyance of Letters by the Post in Ireland.

[22d 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the

* Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend

* the Laves for improving and keeping Repair the Post Roads

* in Ireland, and for rendering the Conveyance of Letters by His

( Majesty's Post Office more secure and, requires to be

1 amendedRe it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if the Grand Jury of any County, County of a Town or City, in, shall

at any Assizes (or Presenting Term if in the County of Dublin) upon Examination of any Survey, Map or Estimate, laid before them under the Provisions of the said Act, be of Opinion that the Road between the Points on the Boundaries of such County marked in such Survey or Map for the Road to pass through can be carried within such County from one such Point to the other, through such Post Town or Post Towns therein as the Road in such Survey shall have been marked to go through, in a more convenient Direction, equally or more level, and not exceeding in Length or Expence the Road set out in such Survey, it shall and may be lawful for such Grand Jury at the Time they state their Opinion to the Court, with any Reasons or Observations they may think proper, according to the Provisions of the said Act, to present, that a new Survey, Map and Estimate be made for a Road between such Points passing through such Post Town or Post Towns, if any such there be, and to appoint such Surveyor as they shall think proper for the Purpose; and every such Surveyor shall have all and singular the like Powers, and be subject to the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, and be sworn and be examined upon Oath in like Manner, in respect of the Survey, Plan and Estimate he may make, as is provided or enacted in the said recited Act respecting any Surveyor appointed by the Postmaster General, or any Survey to be made by such Surveyor.

II. And be it further enacted, That every such Survey made by a Surveyor so appointed by the Grand Jury shall be deemed a Resurvey within the Meaning of the said Act, and shall, together with the Maps and Estimates and Affidavits thereunto belonging, be delivered Thirty Days at the least before the Commission Day of the Assizes or Presenting Term next ensuing after such Survey shall be presented to be made to the Treasurer of such County, who is hereby required to cause a like Notice thereof to be posted in like Manner and at like Time as is required by the said Act in respect to any Survey or Resurvey made in pursuance thereof; and upon its appearing to the Grand Jury at such Assizes or Pre-

R r 4 senting

45 G. 3. c. 43.

Grand Jury may present that another Survey of Roads should be presented than that laid before them under the recited Act.

Surveyor may be appointed by the Grand Jury.

Such Survey, with Maps, &c. to be delivered to Treasurer Thirty Days before ensuing Assizes.

616

C. 134.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Notices being given (as under 32 G.3. (I.) c. 30.) to Occupiers, Grand Jury may present Road to be made agreeable to Survey.

Grand Jury may decide on the Line of Road.

Regulations of 45 G.3. c. 43. extended to Roads presented under this Act.

Copy of Grand Jury Presentments sent to Postmaster General.

26 G.3. (I.) c. 14.

seating Term, by Proof upon Oath, that Notices in the Form required by an Act passed in the Parliament of in the

Thirty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for improving and keeping in Repair the Post Roads of this Kingdom, has been served upon each Occupier of the Land through which such new Road is proposed to be made in Manner and at the Time required by the said Act, and that the Road pursuant to such Resurvey will be equally or more level as, and not exceed in Length, the Road laid down in such preceding Survey made by Direction of the Postmaster General, it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury, if they shall think proper, at such Assizes (or Presenting Term) to present the said Road in the Direction marked out between such Two Points, either in such Resurvey or in the Survey on which the Grand Jury at the preceding Assizes shall have stated their Opinion, or partly as in the one and partly as in the other, as they shall judge best to be the Post Road through such County, County of a Town or City; and at the same Time to present all such Parts thereof as they shall approve of for a new Line or new Lines of Road, to be laid out, marked and levelled, and in like Manner to present the Money necessary for laying out the same.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in the said first mentioned Act or in this Act contained, shall deprive any Grand Jury of the Power of considering and deciding upon any such Application for any Presentment for any Line of Road so surveyed, or any Part thereof, or rejecting the same according to their Discretion.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Regulations, Clauses and Provisions respecting any Road to be presented by any Grand Jury, or the traversing the Presentment thereof, or respecting any Money to be raised, advanced or accounted for under the Provisions of the said Act (except so far as the same are altered or repealed by this Act) , shall extend to any Road presented, or any Money to be raised, advanced or expended, or any Presentment made under the Authority of this Act, as fully and effectually as if they were herein especially recited and re-enacted respecting the same.

V. Provided always, That when any Grand Jury shall present any Road to be resurveyed pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, the Court shall cause the Clerk of the Crown to send an attested Copy of such Presentment to the Postmaster General; and it shall not be necessary for the Postmaster General, after the Receipt of such attested Copy, to cause such Road to be resurveyed in Manner prescribed by the said first mentioned Act.

VI. And Whereas the Amount of Money to be raised in each f Presenting Term by Presentments of Grand Juries in the County

* of Dublin, before the passing of the said Act, has been limited

* by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty ‘ sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for

* making, widening and repairing public Roads in the County of c Dublin, and for repealing Parts of several Acts formerly made for i that Purpose; and it is expedient that the Amount of Money

* which may be presented to be raised off the said County by virtue of the said first recited Act and of this present Act should

be

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 134.

617

* be also limited Be it further enacted, That it shall not be law-

ful for the Court, in any Presenting Term, to allow Presentments to raise Money in the county of , under the Authority or

for the Purposes of the said first recited Act or this present Act, exceeding in the whole One Fourth Part of the Sum, which such Court is authorized to allow by the said last recited Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if the whole Sum which may be to be levied under the Provisions of the said first recited Act or this present Act, or either of them, in the County of Dub-liny cannot be levied within Six Years under the Provision aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of the said County to present the Portions thereof to be respectively raised in each Year, notwithstanding such Portions may extend beyond the Term of Six Years: Provided always, that if such Portions shall extend beyond the Term of Six Years, they shall not be less in any One Year than the Sum which the Court is allowed by this Act to allow Presentments for raising in One Year.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in the said first recited Act contained shall extend to limit the Amount of Money to be raised at any Presenting Term, in the said County of Dublin, if Presentments shall have been fiated for raising at such Term, for the Purposes of the said first recited Act or this Act, or both, the full Sum which the Court is allowed by this Act to allow Presentments for raising.

IX. And be it further enacted, That nothing in the said first recited Act or in this present Act contained shall authorize any Grand Jury to present any Road to be made through any House above the Value of- One hundred Pounds Sterling, or any Deer Park or Field inclosed with a Wall built of Lime and Stone or Brick, or through any planted Lawn or Avenue, or Orchard planted before the passing of the said first recited Act, without the Consent of the Owner thereof.

* X. And Whereas it is by the said recited Act enacted, that

* no Traverse shall be received to any Presentment made under

* the Authority of the said Act, except for Damages Be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act as thereto relates shall be and is hereby repealed.

XI. And Whereas it is enacted by the said first recited Act,

that in all Cases where the Trustees, Directors or Commissioners of any Turnpike Road shall alter the same in pursuance of the

* said Act, they shall cause a Map of such Part of the existing Road as shall in consequence thereof be discontinued by them, to

be deposited with the Treasurer of the County in which such Part shall be situated; and if the Grand Jury of such County shall not, within Eight Months after such Map shall be so deposited,

‘ present such Part to be left open as a Public Road, and present to be raised off the Barony or Half Barony, or Baronies or Half

* Baronies, in which such Road shall be situated (and which every Grand Jury is hereby empowered to do) , such Sum or Sums of ‘ Money as the Materials of the said Road, and of all Bridges and Arches thereon, shall amount to, on a Valuation to be made

* thereof, upon Oath of Three Persons, One to be named by the Trustees, Directors or Commissioners of such Road, One other

‘ by

Limitation of Presentments in Dublin County.

Presentments in Dublin County may be raised by Portions extending beyond Six Years.

[Proviso.]

Effect of 45 G.3. c. 43. on such Presentments if fiated.

Roads not to be made through Houses, &c. without Consent of Owners.

No Traverse to Presentment under recited Act, repealed.

45 G. 3. c. 43. § 38.

618

Repealed.

45G. 3. c. 43. § 32.

Repealed.

Proviso as to Road from Limerick to Galway.

Grand Jury may present ‘‘certain Sums for Maps and Surveys.

C. 134. 46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

by such Grand Jury, and the Third to be chosen by the other ‘ Two; every Part of such Road which shall not be so presented to be kept open, shall be and is hereby declared to be vested in the Trustees, Directors or Commissioners of such Road, and shall and may be set or sold by them, or as many of them as are competent to do any Act respecting such Road; and all Materials thereon, or in any Bridges, Arches or Pipes upon or across the same, may be taken down and applied by them to the Use and Advantage of the Road under their Care; and all Money arising from the Sale of setting of such discontinued Road shall be applied in Aid of the Tolls under their Management Be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

XII. And Whereas it is enacted by the said first recited Act,

that it shall not be lawful for the Court at any Assizes to fiat any Presentment for raising Money for the Repair of any Road in such County, except a Post Road, unless such Presentment as is therein mentioned be first made and allowed; and also that it shall not be lawful for the Court at any Assizes or Presenting Term, from and after the Time that any such Survey or Resurvey as is mentioned in the said Act shall be laid before the Grand Jury to fiat Presentments, for raising any Money off any Barony or Half Barony, or off any County of a Town or City, 4 in which any such Post Road or any Part thereof shall be situated, to be extended to making, or repairing, or widening other Roads therein, to a greater Amount in the Whole than the Sum which shall be directed or presented originally, or in the Way of Increase thereof, to be raised at such Assizes or Term, 4 until such Post Road shall be completely finished Be it further enacted, That the said recited Parts of the said Act shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That when the Survey, Maps and Estimates of the Road from Waterford to Limerick shall be finished, Surveys, Maps and Estimates for a Continuance thereof from Limerick to Galway shall be proceeded upon immediately, any thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

44 Grand Jury may make Presentments at Assizes, in Jidy or August 1806, notwithstanding want of Notice, <Src. §14. [ExpJ]

XV. And Whereas the Sums which Grand Juries are empowered by Law to present for making Surveys and Maps of their respective Counties have been found insufficient Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Grand Jury to present to be raised on the County at large, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole, at any One or more Assizes, a Sum after the Rate of Three hundred Pounds for every Fifty thousand Acres contained in such County, according to the County Books or usual Computation thereof, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity for the Purpose of obtaining an accurate Survey and Map of the County, and of engraving such Number of Copies thereof as the Grand Jury shall deem necessary for the Use of such County.

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III.

619

C. 135.

V

CAP. CXXXV.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to Bankrupts.

[22d July 1806.]

‘ \T7 WHEREAS great Inconveniences and Injustice have been

* occasioned by reason of the fair and honest Dealings and ‘ Transactions of and with Traders being defeated by secret

i Acts of Bankruptcy in Cases not already provided for, or not

* sufficiently provided for by Law For Remedy thereof, be it

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and b}^ the Authority of the same, Thatun all Cases of Commissions of Bankrupt All Convey-hereafter to be issued, all Conveyances by, all Payments by and ances by> ad to, and all Contracts and other Dealings and Transactions by and ana/^rCon-> with, any Bankrupt bona fide made or entered into more than Two tracts with a Calendar Months before the Date of such Commission shall, not- Bankrupt/ withstanding any prior Act of Bankruptcy committed by such made bonk fide Bankrupt, be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes what- Two Months soever, in like Manner as if no such prior Act of Bankruptcy had com^ *

been committed, provided the Person or Persons so dealing with missjon of such Bankrupt had not at the Time of such Conveyance, Payment, Bankrupt, shall Contract, Dealing or Transaction, any Notice of any prior Act be good.

of Bankruptcy by such Bankrupt committed, or that he was insolvent, or had stopped Payment.

II. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases of Commissions Bona fide

of Bankrupt hereafter to be issued, all and every Person and Creditors Persons with whom the Bankrupt" shall have really and ^ebts

contracted any Debt or Debts before the Date and suing forth of notwith-6 such Commission, which, if contracted before any Act of Bank- standing any ruptcy committed, might have been proved under such Commis- secret Act of sion, shall, notwithstanding any prior Act of Bankruptcy may have Bankruptcy, been committed by the Bankrupt, be admitted to prove such Debt

or Debts, and to stand and be a Creditor under such Commision to all Intents and Purposes whatever, in like Manner as if no such prior Act of Bankruptcy had been committed by such Bankrupt, provided such Creditor or Creditors had not, at the Time of such If without Debt or Debts being contracted, any Notice of any prior Act of Notice. Bankruptcy by such Bankrupt committed.

III. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which, under Mutual Debts

Commissions of Bankrupt hereafter to be issued, it shall appear and Credits that there has been mutual Credit given by the Bankrupt and any set

other Person, or mutual Debts between the Bankrupt and any other stoidino' a Person, One Debt or Demand may be set off against another, not- secret Act of withstanding any prior Act of Bankruptcy committed by such Bankruptcy j Bankrupt before the Credit was given to, or the Debt was contracted by such Bankrupt, in like Manner as if no such prior Act

of Bankruptcy had been committed, provided such Credit was given to the Bankrupt Two Calendar Months before the Date and suing forth of such Commission, and provided the Person claiming if no Notice, the Benefit of such Set-off had not at the Time of giving such Credit any Notice of any prior Act of Bankruptcy by such Bankrupt committed, or that he was Insolvent or had stopped Payment: w, ' Provided always, that the issuing of a Commission of Bankrupt Notice of^Act

against of Bankruptcy.

620

Certificates shall discharge Bankrupts of Debts proveable under this Act.

Commissions of Bankruptcy not avoided by secret Act of Bankruptcy committed before contracting petitioning Creditor’s Debt.

24 G.3. sess. 2. c. 47.

C. 135, 136, 137. 46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

against such Bankrupt, although such Commission shall afterwards be superseded, [or the striking of aDocket for the Purpose of issuing a Commission against such Bankrupt, whether any Commission shall have actually issued thereupon or not,] shall be deemed Notice of a prior Act of Bankruptcy for the Purposes of this Act, if it shall appear that an Act of Bankruptcy had been actually committed at the Time of issuing such Commission [or striking such Docket.] [Words in Brackets repealed, 49 G.3. c. 120. § 1.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons against whom any Commission of Bankrupt shall hereafter issue, and who shall be duly found Bankrupts under the same, shall, upon obtaining his, her or their Certificate, be discharged of and from all Debts by this Act made proveable under such Commission, and shall have the Benefit of the several Statutes now in force against Bankrupts, in like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such secret Acts of Bankruptcy had not been committed prior to the contracting of such Debts.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Commission of Bankrupt that shall be hereafter issued shall be avoided or defeated by reason of any Act of Bankruptcy having been committed, by the Person or any of the Persons against whom such Commission shall have issued, prior to the contracting the Debt of the Creditor or any of the Creditors upon whose Petition such Commission shall have issued, if such petitioning Creditor had not any Notice of such Act of Bankruptcy at the Time when the Debt to him was contracted; but that such Commission of Bankrupt, and all the Proceedings under the same, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, notwithstanding that such prior Act or Acts of Bankruptcy shall have been committed by such Bankrupt.

CAP. CXXXVI.

An Act to alter and amend Two Acts, made in the Twenty eighth and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty, for limiting the Number of Persons to be carried on the Outside of Stage Coaches or other Carriages, and regulating the Conduct of the Drivers and Guards thereof.

[22d July 1806.] [Repealed, 50 G. 3. c., 48. § 1.]

CAP. CXXXVII.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for permitting certain Articles to be warehoused in Great Britain, to other Articles not therein mentioned (a); and to alter the Condition of the Bond directed to be given, by an Act of the Twenty fourth Year of His present Majesty, by the Masters and Owners of Vessels and Boats licensed by the Lords of the Admiralty.

[22d 1806.]

[Treasury empowered to extend warehousing certain Goods under 43 G. 3. c. 132. — § 1. — Repealed, 4 G.4. c. 24. § 1.]

* II, AND Whereas by an Act passed in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the («) [43 G. 3. c, 132.]

‘ more

A.D. 1806.

C. 137.

46° GEO. III.

621

rriore effectual Prevention off Smuggling in this, and se-

* veral other Acts, certain Ships, Vessels and Boats therein particularly described are in certain Cases subject to Forfeiture, unless the Owner thereof shall have a Licence for navigating the same,

as therein directed, 'from the Lord High Admiral of Great tain, or the Commissioners of the Admiralty for the time being,

or any Person authorized by them to grant the same; and the Owner of every Ship, Vessel or Boat so licensed, is required to give certain Security as in the said Acts directed, before such Ship, Vessel or Boat should proceed to Sea or sail out of any Port, Harbour or Creek in this Kingdom: And Whereas by an Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Ma- 39 & 40 G.3.

jesty, intituled An Act to permit Blubber ffrom the Greenland c. 51.§17.

4 Fishery and Davis’s Streights to be boiled into Oil after the Ar~

rival off the Ship ffrom the Fishery, and for charging the Duty thereon; for altering the Convoy Duty novo payable on the Importation off Opium; for repealing the Duties on the Importation

off Oil off Turpentine and Tar, and charging other Duties in lieu thereof; for exempting Burr Stones and Stones used for the -4 pose off Paving, or the making or mending off Roads, ffrom the Duties charged thereon, vohencarried for obliging

4 Masters off Ships laden with Tobacco to remove the Same ffrom their Moorings when their Cargoes are discharged; and tending Bonds given on licensing Ships, Vessels or Boats, to all Cases wherein Ships, Vessels or Boats may be liable to Forfeiture;

further Security was required to be given by the said Owner,

that such Ship, Vessel or Boat should not be used or employed in hovering within the Limits of any of the Ports of this Kingdom, or within Four Leagues of the Coast thereof, or in any other Manner, or in any Trade or Employment whatever contrary to the Laws in force on and immediately before the passing of that Act: And Whereas by an Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled A the more 45 G. 3. c. 121. 4 effectual Prevention of Smuggling, Vessels and Boats are subject to Forfeiture if found or discovered to have been in any Part of the British or Irish Channels, or elsewhere on the High Seas,

within. One hundred Leagues of any Part of the Coasts of Great Britain or Ireland having on board Spirits, Tea, Tobacco and Snuff, in less Packages than are mentioned and described in the said Act, it is therefore expedient to make further Provision as to the Terms and Conditions of the Security to be required of the Masters and Owners of such Vessels and Boats Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, in lieu In lieu of Bond of the Bond required by the said recited Act of the Thirty ninth re<luire(l by and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, the Owner of every ^'3‘

Vessel or Boat which shall be licensed in pursuance of any Act or owners of Acts of Parliament, shall, before any such Vessel or Boat proceed Vessels licensed to Sea or sail out of any Port, Harbour or Creek in this Kingdom, shall give Bond give Security by Bond in the Manner directed by the said recited conditioned as Acts respectively, that such Vessel and Boat shall not be employed heremsPeclfied* in the Importation or landing of any Tea or Foreign Spirituous Liquors, or any prohibited or other Goods, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of any Act of Parliament which now is or hereafter may be in force, or in the Exportation of any Goods

which

622

C. 137, 138.

46° GEO. III.

A.D. 1806.

45 G. 3. c. 94.

43 G.S. c. 69.

Countervailing Duty of Excise on Irish Hops imported into G. B. reduced from 2^d. to2d.

45 G.S. c. 30.

which are or may be prohibited to be exported from this Kingdom, or in the relanding of any Goods whatsoever contrary to law, which are entered Outwards for Exportation for any Drawback or Bounty, or which are or may be prohibited to be used or worn in Great Britain, and shall not be found in any Part of the British or Irish Channels or elsewhere on the High Seas, within One hundred Leagues of any Part of the Coast of Great Britain or, or

discovered to have been within the said Limits, having on board any Spirits, Tea, Tobacco or Snuff in any Manner contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, and that, the said Vessel or Boat shall not be employed or be found or discovered to have been out of the Limits within which the said Vessel or Boat is licensed to navigate or trade, and shall not be engaged for or used in any Trade or Employment whatever, other than that described and set forth in the Licence for such Vessel or Boat, and that the said Vessel or Boat shall not be used or employed in any other Way or Manner whatever contrary to the Laws in force, or hereafter to be made, relative to the Revenue of Customs.

[i£l5 per Cent, Duty on Plain Linen 'warehoused exported, under this Act, 50 G.3. c. 26. S56 3. c. 104. § 24.]

CAP. CXXXVIII.

An Act to repeal Part of the Excise Countervailing Duty on Irish Hops imported; for granting an Excise Countervailing Duty on the Importation of Window Glass; and to exempt Tiles, made for the Purpose of draining Lands, from the Duties of Excise.

[22d July 1806.]

1 W WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for i reducing the Duty of Excise on Hojos, the Growth of Great Bri* i tain; it was enacted, that One Halfpenny of the Duty of Ex-, ‘ cise of Two Pence Halfpenny the Pound Weight Avoirdupois, e granted by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties lieu thereof 6on Hops, the Growth of G?~eat should cease and deter-

mine: And Whereas it is expedient that the Countervailing Du-(ties of Excise imposed by the said last mentioned Act on Irish Hops imported from Ireland into Great Britain should also be reduced; ’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, One Halfpenny of the Countervailing Duty of Excise of Two Pence Halfpenny the Pound Weight Avoirdupois, granted by the said Act of the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, on Hops imported from Ireland into Great Britain, shall cease and dermine.

II. And Whereas by an Act made in the Forty fifth Year of

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting (to His Majesty several additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain,

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. L38.

623

tain, additional Duties on certain Descriptions of Glass therein

* specified were granted to His Majesty; and by the said Act a Sch. A.

4 Duty of Excise of Nine Shillings and Ten Pence Halfpenny was

* granted as a Countervailing Duty for and upon every Hundred 4- Weight of Irish Window Glass (a) (not being Spread Glass),

whether flashed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known by the Name of Crown Glass or German Sheet,

which should be imported into Great Britain directly from

land: And Whereas the said last mentioned Duty of Nine Shillings and Ten Pence Halfpenny was not a Countervailing Duty to the Duties by the said Act granted, inasmuch as such Counter- vailing Duty should have been Fourteen Shillings and Ten Pence Halfpenny; and it is therefore expedient that a further additional Countervailing Duty of Five Shillings should be imposed for every,

* Hundred Weight of such Glass so imported, and that the same should take place from the Time of granting the said Countervail- ing Duty of Nine Shillings and Ten Pence Halfpenny, as if the said Duty had been the proper Countervailing Duty of Fourteen Shillings and Ten Pence Halfpenny Be it therefore enacted, That Countervailing from and after the passing of this Act there shall be raised, levied, Duty of 5s. per collected and paid, throughout Great Brit, to and for the Use ^wt* imP°sed of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for and upon every Hundredweight of Irish Window Glass (not being Spread Glass) , ported into1" whether flashed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called G. B. in or known by the Name of Crown Glass or German Sheet, addition to which shall have been since the granting of the said Countervail- 9s' 10id under ing Duty of Nine Shillings and Ten Pence Halfpenny, or which ^nd^if Tm- shall hereafter be imported in Great Britain directly from, p0Sed by that

a further Countervailing Duty of Five Shillings, in Addition to the Act. said Countervailing Duty of Nine Shillings and Ten Pence Halfpenny granted by the said Act; and that the said further additional Duty of Five Shillings shall be received, levied, collected, paid, applied and accounted for, under, subject and according to all the Rules, Regulations and Provisions made by the said recited Act, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, as to the said additional Countervailing Duty of Excise of Nine Shillings and Ten Pence Halfpenny so granted by the said recited Act as aforesaid, and as if the full Countervailing Duty of Fourteen Shillings and Ten Pence Halfpenny had been granted by the said Act; and all Drawbacks of Duty regulated by the Amount of the said Countervailing Duties shall be regulated and allowed by such full Countervailing Duty of Fourteen Shillings and Ten Pence Halfpenny from the Time of granting the said Countervailing Duty of Nine Shillings and Ten Pence Halfpenny, in like Manner as if the full and proper Countervailing Duty had been granted by the said recited Act. ~ (a) [Duty made to, 49 3. 63.]

III. And Whereas by the Laws (b)now in force a certain Description of Tiles, made for the Purpose of draining Lands, are exempted from the Duties chargeable on Tiles: And Whereas it is expedient to allow Tiles of other Descriptions to be made for such Purpose free of the Duties of Excise Be it therefore (i b) [34 G.3. c. 15. §2.-42 G.3. c. 93. § 22. — See further

[to Exemption from Duty of certain Tiles for Drainino-t 55 G. 3. c. 176. — 1 4* 2 G.4. C. 102.]

further

* 6a GEO. III.

62 *

Tiles of certain Dimensions for draining wet or marshy Lands exempted from the Duty of Excise.

Using such Tiles for any other Purpose than for draining Lands, Penalty.

EXP.

42 G.3. c. 90.

42 G. 3. c. 91 *

33 G.3. (I.) c. 22.

44 G. 3. c. 54.

C. 138) 139, 140.

A.D. 180(5.

further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever to make for the sole Purpose of draining wet or Marshy Lands, free of the Duties of Excise, Tiles bent into a semi elliptical Form, the Width of which, measured on the Inside thereof, shall not in any Part exceed Six Inches, and the Height of which, when so bent as aforesaid, taken from the Outside of the Grown of the Arch thereof in a perpendicular Line to the extreme Edge thereof, shall in all Cases exceed the Width measured as aforesaid, but with a Foot or Projection from the Bottom of the Arch where the same shall be found necessary, not exceeding Two Inches in Breadth, for the Purpose of keeping up the said Tiles in loose or friable Soils; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Person who shall use any .Tiles by this Act exempted from Duty for any other Purpose than draining wet or marshy Lands, on be^ ing convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay a Penalty of Sixpence for every Tile so used contrary to the Meaning of this Act, to be recovered, levied and applied, as any Penalty in any Act relating to Duties on Tiles may be recovered, levied and applied.

CAP. CXXXIX.

An Act for altering and amending several Laws relating to the Duties of Excise upon Malt, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven.

[2 2d 18061

CAP. CXL.

An Act to amend Two Acts, passed in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Militia of and Scotland respectively, as to the Pay of the Officers and Men of the said Militia.

[22d July 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty second Year of

* W the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled

* amending the Lavas relating to the Militia in England, and for

augmenting the Militia: And Whereas another Act was passed

* in the Forty second Year aforesaid, intituled An Act to raise and < establish a Militia Force in Scotland: And Whereas another Act

* was passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty third Year

of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled for amending

1 and reducing into One Act of Parliament the Lam relating to the

* Militia in Ireland: And Whereas another Act was passed in the <Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled

* An Act to consolidate and amend the Provisions of the several

Acts relating to the Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain, and to make further Regulations relating thereto: And 6 Whereas it is in the said recited Acts respectively enacted, that

* from the Date of His Majesty's Warrants for drawing out the

* Militia into actual Service, the Officers and Men of the Militia '< shall be entitled to the same Pay as the Officers and Men of His

Majesty’s

A.D. 1806. 46° GEO. III. C. 140, 141. 625

x Majesty's other Infantry Forces, or as other Regiments of Foot receive, and no other; and that Persons enrolled in Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers, when assembled in certain Cases specified in the said recited Act, shall receive Pay after the same Rates as His Majesty's other Forces: And Whereas it may be expedient to increase the Pay of the Officers and Men of His Majesty's other Forces, in certain Cases; ’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That nothing in the said recited Acts, or either of them contained, Recited Acts shall extend, or be construed to extend, to give to the Officers or not to extend Men of the Militia, or Officers or Men of Yeomanry and Volun- to increase the teer Corps of England, Scotland or Ireland respectively, any In- VoLn^re* crease of Pay, by reason of any Increase of Pay given since the caue(j into s First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six, or which Service, not-may hereafter be given to any Officers or Men of His Majesty's withstanding Regular Forces; any thing in the said recited Acts, or either of any increase of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding. tn *

CAP. CXLI.

An Act for making more effectual Provision for the more speedy and regular Examination and Audit of the Public Accounts of this Kingdom.

[22d 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for better examining and auditing the Public Accounts of this Kingdom: And Whereas a certain other Act was passed, "in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled

Act to amend an Act made in the Twenty fif Year of

sent Majesty for better examining and auditing the Public Accounts of this Kingdom, and for enabling the Commissioners certain Cases to allow of Vouchers, although not stamped -

ing to Law: And Whereas a certain other Act was passed, in the

said Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for appointing additional Commissioners for the better examining and auditing certain of the Public Accounts of Great Britain:

And Whereas it is expedient that some further Provisions should be made for the more speedy and effectual Examination and Audit of the Public Accounts of this Kingdom; ’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Persons executing the Office of Comptrollers of Army Accounts shall cease to be Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts of this Kingdom; and that the Two Offices of Comptrollers of Army Accounts and Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, shall thenceforth be wholly separate and distinct, and shall not be held or executed by the same Persons.

II. And be it further enacted, That at any Time within Two Months after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful

46 Gf.o. III. S s for -ten Cc

Regulars.

25 G.3. c. 52.

45 G.S. c. 55. '

45 G. 3. c. 91.

Comptrollers of Army Accounts, not to be Auditors of Public Accounts.

His Majesty may appoint

46° GEO. III.

626

e. i4i

A.D. 1806.

missioners for auditing the Public Accounts.

Salaries of Commissioners.

Treasury may allow Salaries to Clerks, &c. and incidental Expences.

Treasury may subdivide Commissioners into Boards, and apportion their Business.

No Vacancy filled up without an Act of Parliament, the Number of Six to be kept up.

Chairman.

for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, to nominate and appoint such Number of Persons, including therein the Persons who shall at that Time hold the Situation of Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, as shall make the Number of such Commissioners amount to Ten in the Whole, who shall thenceforth be the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts of this Kingdom, and shall hold their Offices during good behaviour, and shall have the same Powers, Authorities and perform the same Duties, and be subject and liable to the same Controul, as the Commis-. sioners appointed by virtue of the above recited Acts, or any of them. [Five Commissioners to constitute a General,

49 G. 3. c. 95.

III. And be it further enacted, That His Majesty may, by such Letters Patent as aforesaid, grant to the several Persons therein named the following Salaries and Allowances; (that is to say,) to the Person first named therein, who shall be Chairman of the Commission, a Salary of One thousand five hundred Pounds Annum, and to the other Commissioners a Salary of One thousand two hundred Pounds per Annum each, which Salaries respectively shall be clear of all Fees and Deductions, to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, may allow such Sums as to them shall seem fit, from time to time, for the Salaries of the several Offices, Clerks and other Persons employed under the said Commissioners, and for the incidental Expences to be incurred in the Office for auditing the Public Accounts of this Kingdom, to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being or any Three or more of them, from time to time to subdivide the General Board of the said Ten Commissioners into such and so many Boards, and to apportion the Business of auditing and examining the said Accounts, as well such as, are now in Arrear as all present and future Accounts among the several Boards, and to allot the Officers, Assistants and Clerks to each of such respective Boards, as to them shall seem expedient.

VI. Provided always and be it further enacted, That from and after the Date of such Letters Patent as aforesaid, no Vacancy which may arise in the Number of such Commissioners shall be filled up by the Appointment of any other Commissioners, without the further Authority of an Act of Parliament for the Purpose of authorizing such Appointment, until the Number of such Commissioners shall be reduced to Five or less; in which Case His Majesty may from time to time, as often as any such Vacancy shall happen, appoint new Commissioners, so as to keep up their Numbers always to Six; Provided always, that on the Death, Resignation or other legal Avoidance of the Chairman of the said Commission, His Majesty may from time to time nominate and appoint such other of the said Commissioners to be Chairman of the General Board, as to His Majesty shall seem expedient, and may grant

to

4<6P GEO. III. C. HI.

A.D. 1806.

to such Chairman a Salary of One thousand five hundred Pounds per Annum in the Whole, clear of all Fees and Deductions:Provided also, that if at any Time the House of Commons shall, by Address to His Majesty, state that the Public Accounts of the Kingdom are so far brought up, examined and stated, as to render unnecessary the Continuance of all the said Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty to remove any One or more of the said Commissioners whose Name shall stand last in the Commission to be granted by His Majesty, so as that the whole Number remaining in the Commission shall not be thereby reduced to less than Six.

VII. And be it further enacted, That any Thing which is herein

or under the Authority of this Act, or in and by the said recited Acts directed to be done by the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, or by any of the Boards into which the said Commissioners may be divided, may be done by the Majority of the said Commissioners, or by the Majority of any of the said Boards respectively. [See Note to $2

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons liable to account before the said Commissioners, shall, within Three Calendar Months at the latest after the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and six, and within Three Calendar Months at the latest after the same Day in every future Year, deliver into or transmit to the Office of the said Commissioners an Account Current of all Sums of Money received and paid by them for the Public Service within the preceding Year, whether the said Sums of Money or any of them were received or paid for the Service of such Year or otherwise, together with the Vouchers for such Receipts or Payments, accompanied by a Schedule of the same, signed by the Accountant or by some Person duly authorized on his Behalf; unless it has been usual for any Account to be made up to any different Period in the Year, in which Case such Account, together with the Vouchers and Schedule thereof, may be delivered or transmitted within Three Calendar Months at the latest after such usual Period of making up such Account respectively; and that such Schedule shall forthwith, after the Delivery thereof, be compared with the said Vouchers, by the proper Officer in the Office for auditing the Public Accounts, and if found to correspond with the same, a Duplicate thereof shall immediately be made out and signed by such Officer, and be delivered or transmitted to the Accountant if the Accountant shall require him so to do; Provided always, that the Delivery or Transmission of such Account, and Vouchers by such Accountant, shall not exonerate the Parties from making up and delivering or transmitting such other Accounts applicable to the Service of each Year or Period, without Regard to the Year or Period when such Sums were received or paid as may be required of them by the Course and Usage of Office, or by any Determination of the said Commissioners; but that all such last mentioned Accounts shall continue to be made up, and shall be delivered into or transmitted to the Office for auditing the Public Accounts within Three Calendar Months at the latest after the Date of the last Receipt or Paymen t to be included therein. [Commempowered to enlarge

Ss 2

G27

Four junior Commissioners may be removed on Address of the Commons.

Majority of Commissioners of any Board a Quorum.

All Public Accountants shall transmit Yearly Accounts to Commissioners within Three Months after Christmas, See.

Such Yearly Accounts not to preclude other, Accounts.

628

46° GEO. III.

How Accounts attested.

Paymaster of Forces, &c. to transmit to the Commissioners Accounts of Money issued to others, and Commissioners may charge such Persons as Sub Accountants.

In case of Monies set insuper Notice thereof to Officer, and Schedule trans--mitted to Remembrancer of the Exchequer.

Proviso for Issue, &c, made beyond Sea.

Commissioners may allow such Money in Accounts of

1.141.

A.D. 1806.

he Time for delivering Accounts, and to dispense Production

of Cask Accounts, 47 G. 3. sess. 2. p. 39. § 10, 11.]

IX. And be it further enacted, That any Account to be delivered into the Office of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts may be attested before any Baron of His Majesty's Courts of Exchequer, or the Cursitor Baron, or the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, or any of the Boards into which the said Commissioners shall be divided, or the Majority of the said Commissioners, or of any of the said Boards, or any Commissioners for taking Affidavits in any of His Majesty's Courts of Exchequer, or any of His Majesty's Ministers to Foreign States, or the chief or any principal Magistrate of any Place out of the United Kingdom, where the Person attesting the same may reside at the Time of such Attestation.

X. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Paymaster

General of His Majesty's Forces, the Treasurer of the Navy, the Treasurer of the Ordnance, or any other Public Officer, shall pay, issue or deliver to any Person or Persons whomsoever Money for Public Services, by way of Imprest or on Account, or shall direct any Monies to be charged to the Account of any such Person or Persons, then and in every such Case such Paymaster, Treasurer, or other Officer shall, within Three Calendar Months after the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and six, and within Three Calendar Months after the Thirty first Day of December in every future Year, transmit, to the said Commissioners a Certificate of all and every Sum and Sums so paid, issued, delivered or charged by him within the preceding Year, together with the Name and Description of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall have been respectively paid, issued, delivered or charged, and the said Commissioners shall thereupon, without any Delay, take the same into Consideration; and if it shall appear to them that any of the Persons to whom or for Account of whom, Public Monies shall be so certified to have been paid, issued, delivered or charged, ought to be made Sub Accountants, and that the said Sum or Sums so certified should be set upon

such Person in the Account of such Public Officer, when the same shall be declared, they shall forthwith give Notice thereof to such Public Officer, and shall also transmit a Schedule or Certificate thereof to His Majesty's Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, who shall immediately, on the Receipt of such Schedule or Certificate, put the several Sums so paid or issued in charge against the Parties, in like Manner as is practised with respect to Persons who receive Money by way of Imprest, and upon Account, at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer: Provided always, that in Cases where such Issue, Payment, Delivery or Charge shall have been made or directed in Parts beyond the Seas, and by any Deputy or Assistant of such Paymaster, Treasurer or other Officer acting on his Behalf, it shall be sufficient if the Certificate thereof shall be so transmitted, within Three Months after the Receipt of Notice thereof, at the principal Office of such Paymaster, Treasurer or other Officer.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts shall not, by the Transmission of any -such Schedule or Certificate of His Majesty's Remembrancer

J of

A.D. 1806.

46 GEO. III. C. 141.

629

of the Court of Exchequer, be precluded from afterwards allowing principal any such Sum or Sums in the Discharge of the Account of any Accountants, such Public Officer, instead of setting the same upon the

Person or Persons to whom or for Account of whom the same shall have been paid, issued, delivered or charged, if such Public Officer shall duly account for the same, or if satisfactory Proof shall be exhibited to the said Commissioners of such Sum or Sums having been duly expended for the Public Service; in which Cases the said Commissioners shall transmit a Certificate thereof to His Majesty's Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, who shall immediately, upon the Receipt of such further Certificate, strike out the Name or Names of the Parties against whom such Sums wrere put in Charge from the Imprest Roll; and such Parties shall from thenceforth be discharged from any other or further Account for the same.

XII. And Whereas by the said Act of the Twenty fifth Year 25 G.3. c. 52.

* aforesaid, it was enacted, that no Accountant should be allowed § 18.

* in his Account any Sum which he should issue or pay over to

* any Sub Accountants, unless he should have transmitted to the ......

* said Commissioners regular Accounts thereof in the Manner ‘ and within the Times therein mentioned, unless Proof should be ‘ produced, to the Satisfaction of the Lord High Treasurer, or the

* Commissioners of the Treasury, that any Failure of transmitting

* the same did not happen from the wilful Neglect of the Person

* issuing or paying over the Money as aforesaid: And Whereas by 45 6.3. § L ‘ the said first recited Act of the Forty fifth Year aforesaid* the repeale(lin

* Period provided by the said first recited Act of the Twenty fifth part *

* Year aforesaid, for the Delivery of the Accounts therein men-

* tinned, was extended; ’ Be it enacted, That the said next herein- No Accountant

before recited Provisions of the said Acts respectively shall be and allowed any the same are hereby repealed; and that no Accountant shall t

henceforth be allowed in his Account any Sum which he shall is- ant) Unless sue or pay over to any Sub Accountants, unless he shall have Accounts trans-transmitted to the said Commissioners such regular Accounts as mitted as by are in this Act directed, unless Proof shall be produced, to the this Act is Satisfaction of the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of ^irectec*‘

the Treasury, that any Failure of transmitting the same did not happen from the wilful Neglect of such principal Accountant.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Account- How Accountant or Sub Accountant shall pay, or cause to be paid, into the ants may be Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, or into the Bank, on account discharged on of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, if so directed Payment of by the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's ExchY uer° Treasury, the Whole of the Money with which he shall stand xc e(luer-charged, and shall exhibit to the said Commissioners Proofs of his

having done so, they shall grant him a Certificate thereof, upon the Exhibition of which Certificate at the several Offices of the Exchequer where he may respectively stand charged, he shall forthwith be discharged of such Sums, and be relieved from rendering any Account thereof, for which Discharge he shall not be liable to pay any Fees.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall appear How Sums to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, that any paid by Order

• Sum. or Sums shall have, been paid or expended by Orders from of Persons in

S s 3 ' any foreign

630

C. 141.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

not being Accountants, accounted for and checked.

Warrant from Treasury for setting Monies insuper.

Proviso for Appeal from such Warrant to the Court of Exchequer.

Commissioners may allow small Sums without Vouchers *

any Person having competent Authority, and employed in His Majesty's Service in Parts beyond the Seas, (such Person not being himself the Accountant for such Payment or Expenditure,) and that such Sum or Sums ought not to have been so paid or expended, or ought not to be charged against the Public, the said Commissioner shall, after Proof of the actual Payment or Expenditure of such Sum or Sums, give Notice of such their Opinion, to the Person by whose Orders, or under whose Authority such Payment or Expenditure shall have been made; and if, upon hearing such Allegations in the Case as may be made by or on Behalf of such Person, they shall still be of Opinion that he ought to be charged with such Expenditure, they shall report the Case to the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, who, if they shall see Cause, shall by Warrant under their Hands authorize the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, to set such Sum or Sums insuper upon such Person in the declared Account of the Party who shall have actually made the Payment or Expenditure, in like Manner as if such Sum had been actually paid over to such Person on Account: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to deprive such Person, if lie shall think himself aggrieved by any such Warrant of the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, from applying by Motion to the Court of Exchequer for Relief, and the said Court shall thereupon make such Order as they shall think fit; and if they shall see-sufficient Cause to grant the Relief prayed by or for such Person, he shall be relieved from rendering any Account for such Sum or Sums.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to allow to the Credit of any Accountant any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, on any Account of Expenditure incurred previous to the passing of this Act, and any Sum not exceeding Thirty Pounds on any Account of Expenditure that shall be incurred subsequent to the passing of this Act, although no written Voucher of the actual Payment of such Sum shall be produced to them, in Cases where upon Statements of the Accountants rendered on Oath, and after sufficient Enquiry the said Commissioners shall be satisfied that such Sums shall have

been actually and properly disbursed for the Public Service; and that all due Diligence shall have been used by the Accountant to procure such Voucher.

Commissioners

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when a may allow Voucher produced by any Accountant for any Account whether

imperfect delivered in or not prior to the passing of this Act, shall be de-

Vouchers. fective from the Want of any Certificate or other Document which

ought to have accompanied such Voucher, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, upon Proof to their Satisfaction that the Accountant did not wilfully neglect to procure such Certificate or Document, and that the Sum specified in the Voucher shall have been actually and properly disbursed for the Public Service, to admit such Voucher as a sufficient Discharge of the said Accountant, All Allowances and to allow the Amount of the same to his Credit:Provided also, without Vouch- that in all Cases where any Sum shall be allowed to the Credit of ers, &c. sped- any Accountant, either without any written Voucher, or upon an fled to the imberfect Voucher, the Particulars and Amount of such Allow-

Treasury. V ances

A.D. 1806. 46° GEO. III. C. 141. 631

ances shall be specified to the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury in the Statement of the Account in which such Allowances may be made, in order that the same may be considered and confirmed, or disallowed by the said Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury previous to the Declaration of any such Account.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Commissioners shall and may, so often as they shall think fit, call upon all Ac- empowered to -countants, Sub Accountants, Commissaries, Storekeepers or other call upon Ac-Persons whomsoeverj to whom or to whose Order or Care any

Public Money, or any Stamps, Provisions or Stores, the Property Accounts of His Majesty, shall be or shall have been issued, delivered or if Accounts are intrusted, to account to them the said Commissioners for the Re- not produced, ceipt, Expenditure or Issue thereof, within a Time to be by them Certificates limited; and on the Failure of the Accounts being delivered ac- ^seme^to the cordingly, within the Time so limited, the said Commissioners shall, Exchequer &c* rin every Case where they shall see Cause, transmit special Certi- who may com- ficate, containing the Names of such Defaulters, to His Majesty's pel Account. Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, and shall give Notice thereof to His Majesty's Attorney General in England or,

His Majesty's Advocate in Scotland, or His Majesty's Attorney General in any of the Colonies or Plantations belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, as the Case may require, in order that such Motions, Suits, Bills or Process may be made, instituted, filed or issued by the said Officers against any such Defaulter, as may be necessary to compel him to deliver in his Accounts as directed by the said Commissioners, unless upon Application of the Parties, Proviso for stating some special and sufficient Cause of Delay, the Lord High Warrant from Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury shall grant their Treasury to Warrant to stay the Proceedings for such reasonable Time or Times jSta^ roceed-astheyshall think fit; and the said Commissioners shall Twice in each Year, videlicet, in Hilary and Trinity Terms, transmit to His Majesty's said Remembrancer a Certificate containing the Names of ail Persons whose Account of Monies received and expended shall have been received in the Office of the said Commissioners within the preceding Half Year, in order that the usual Process may not issue against such Persons or any of them.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Comptrollers of Comptrollers of Army Accounts, and they are hereby authorized Army Accounts to require all Commissaries, Storekeepers or other Persons, to may examine whom or to whose Care or Order any Public Moneys Provisions or Accounts, &c. Stores, the Property of His Majesty, shall have been delivered or ries^&c^fo^1' intrusted on account of any Military Service, except for the Ser- Military Ex-vice of His Majesty's Ordnance, to account to them the said Comp- penditure trollers for the Receipt and Expenditure, Issue or other Disposal (except thereof, within a Time to be by them limited; and that the said Drdnance). Comptrollers may also call before them all Accountants, Sub Accountants, Commissaries, Storekeepers or other Persons whom

they shall see Cause to examine respecting any Point of Military Expenditure or Supply, and may compel the Production of all Accounts, Books, Returns, Vouchers and other Papers and Documents relating to any such Point, and may examine such Persons upon Oath relative thereto, which Oath they the said Comptrollers and each of them respectively are hereby authorized to administer;

632

C. 141.

46° GEO. III.

A; ©. isdB.

Exchequer may and in case of Failure by any Person to comply with any shch the fine Persons lawful* Requisitions of the said Comptrollers, every such Person so ' recount/0 to yefu&in§ shall be liable to the Payment of such Fine to His Majesty as the Court of Exchequer, on Application made to the said Court by the said Comptrollers, or by His Majesty's Attorney General, shall think fit to set and impose, which Fine the said Court is hereby authorized and empowered to set and impose accordingly.

Mode of charging Persons wasting or embezzling Public Stores.

Commissaries, &c.; having accounted to -Comptrollers, not liable to account to Auditors.

Perjury.

Commissioners not to be Members of Parliament.

Oath of Commissioners.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where upon the Examination of the Account of any Commissary, Storekeeper or other Person for the Receipt, Expenditure or Delivery of any Public Money, or any Stamps, Provisions or Stores, the Property of His Majesty, the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts shall be of Opinion that any Articles have been embezzled, wasted, lost, damaged or destroyed by the wilful Misconduct or Neglect of any such Commissary, Storekeeper or other Person, they shallj after the Examination of such Evidence as they may think necessary to ascertain the Value of such Articles, charge the said Person with such Sum as in their Judgment shall be the Amount of the Loss which shall have thereby accrued to the Public; and that in all Cases where the Comptrollers of Army Accounts shall on any such Examination be of Opinion that any such Loss has accrued to the Public, they shall transmit a Certificate thereof to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, to the Intent that such Loss maybe so ascertained and charged as aforesaid, and that Notice of such.Charge, when so ascertained, shall in either case be transmitted to the King’s Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, and to the Party to be charged therewith.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Commissary, Storekeeper or other Person, to whom or to whose Care or Order any Provisions or Stores, the Property of His Majesty, shall have been delivered for the Purpose of any Military Service whatever, and who shall have rendered a satisfactory Account thereof to the Comptrollers of Army Accounts, shall he liable to render any fur ther Account thereof to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons in the Course of their Examination upon Oath before the Commissioners to be appointed as hereinbefore provided, or their Successors, or before the Comptrollers of Army Accounts, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Lawnow in being Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That no Commissioner appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall, during his Continuance in such Office, be capable of being elected or of sitting as a Member of the House o£ Commons.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners so to be appointed as aforesaid, before they shall enter upon the Execution of the Powers vested in them by the said recited Acts and this Act, shall take an Oath before the Chancellor of the Exchequer, which he is hereby authorized and required to administer, the Tenor whereof shall be as followeth; (that is to sa}0

21

A.D. 1806. 46° GEO. III. C. 141, 142.

* T A.B.do swear, that, according to the best of my Skill and

* - Knowledge, I will faithfully, impartially and truly execute ‘ the several Powers and Trusts vested in me by several Acts

* passed in the Twenty fifth and Forty fifth Years of His present

‘ Majesty, and by an Act, intituled [here insert

‘ Title of the Act]/

[Accounts of the Officers of the Vice Treasurer of Ireland and others therein mentioned, audited as under this, 54 3.

C. 184. §6. — Commissioners for Accounts of the of

Ceylon, , fyc. c. subject to Regulations of this Act, 1 2 4.

c. 121. § 3. — The issuing of the ordinary Process discontinued, 3 G.4. c. 56. §4.]

CAP. CXLII.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Surveyor General of Woods and Forests.

[22d July 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty third Year of

* W His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for -<: ing certain Regulations in the Office of Surveyor General of His

* Majesty sWoods, Forests, Parks and Chases: And Whereas it is ‘ expedient that some further and more effectual Provisions should

* be made for that Purpose Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, every Officer appointed to any Officer by or under the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks and Chases, shall take the following Oath to be administered to him by the said Surveyor General or by any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, if the said Surveyor General shall direct that any such Officer shall be sworn before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, and Which Oath ma}' in any such Case be administered by any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate; (that is to say,)

I A.B. do swear, that I will truly, honestly, faithfully and

‘ diligently execute the Duties of the Office to which I have f been appointed, by (or under) the Surveyor General of the ‘ Woods, Forests, Parks and Chases; and that I will not, for the ‘ Execution thereof or on any other Account or Pretext whatsoever, receive, take or accept in respect of the said Office at any ‘ Time, any Perquisite of any Description, or any Emolument,

* pecuniary or other, except or beyond the Salary and Allowances

‘ (if any) specified in the written Instrument by which I have been ‘ appointed. So help me GOD. ’

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Returns and Estimates of the Quantity, Quality and Value of Timber Trees, Coppice and Underwood, and of or concerning Inclosures, Buildings, Repairs, Plantations and other Works, - to be done and executed by and under the Authority and Directions of His Majesty's Surveyor General of the said Woods, Forests, Parks and Chases, and also all Accounts of

Monies

635

43 G.3. c, 3I.

Repealed.

Every Officer under the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, See. to take the following

Oath.

All Returns, &c. of Timber, Trees, Work, &c. to be done in the said Woods to be signed and verified on Oath.

C. 142.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

634

Returns, &c. shall before Verification on Oath be trans. mitted to Surveyor General, &c.

Unintentional Errors may be rectified previous to Verification.

Perjury.

Monies received and expended for or on Account of the Sale of any such Timber Trees, Coppice or Underwood, and for or on Account of any such Inclosure, Buildings, Repairs, Plantations or other Works, and for or on Account of any Matter or Thing which shall be made or rendered by any Officer under His Majesty's said Surveyor General, or by any other Person employed by or under him, shall within a convenient Time after the same shall be completed, be subscribed with the Name, and in the Hand Writing, and verified by the Oath of such Officer or other Person; such Oath to be administered and certified in Writing, upon such Report, Estimate or Account, either by some Justice of the Peace, or by the said Surveyor General, at the Discretion of the said Surveyor General; which Oath such Surveyor General is hereby authorized and required to administer or direct to be administered by such Justice of the Peace.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all such Estimates, Returns and Accounts shall be transmitted by the Officer or Person making or rendering the same, subscribed with the Name and in the Hand Writing of such Officer or other Person, to the said Surveyor General previous to such Verification thereof as aforesaid, to require the Officer or other Person making or rendering the same to attend him, and be examined upon Oath, to be administered to such Officer or other Person by the said Surveyor General, and which Oath the said Surveyor General is hereby authorized to administer, touching and concerning all or any of the Particulars and Items contained in such Estimates, Returns or Accounts, and touching and concerning the Conduct of such Officer or other Person in the Execution of their Duty in respect to the Matters to which such Estimates, Returns or Accounts shall relate, which Examination, or the Substance and Effect thereof, the said Surveyor General, when he shall think proper, shall cause to be reduced into Writing and signed by such Officer or other Person; and if upon such Examination it shall appear that any unintentional Error or Errors shall have been committed by such Officer or other Person in the Return, Estimate or Account, concerning which such Examination shall be had and taken, it shall be lawful for such Officer or other Person to correct such Error in the same previous to the Verification thereof, upon Oath, in Manner aforesaid, in which Case such Correction or Corrections shall be certified by the said Surveyor General in Writing upon the Return, Estimate or Account intended to be verified upon Oath as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any such Officer or other Person as aforesaid, shall in any such Verification upon Oath, or on Examination as aforesaid, be guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, such Officer or other Person so offending shall be liable to be punished in such Manner as is provided by the different Laws and Statutes now in force for the Punishment of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

VI. And Whereas the Privilege of sending and receiving Let-

ters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage, is not extended

to the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks ‘ and Chases, who by virtue of his Office necessarily sends and

receives many Letters and Packets relating to the public Service

* of

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 142.

635

« of this Kingdom Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Surveyor General of His Majesty's Wood’s, Forests, Parks and Chases for the time being, shall and may send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage, in such Manner and under such Restrictions as other Officers mentioned in an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage; and also in another Act made in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to authorize the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets, Votes, Proceedings in Parliament and printed Newspapers, by the Post free from Duty of Postage, by the Members of the Two Houses of Parliament of the United Kingdom, and by certain public Officers therein named; and for reducing the Postage of such Votes, Proceedings, and Newspapers when sent by any other Persons; are thereby permitted, in respect of their Offices, to send and receive the same in pursuance of the said Acts: any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And Whereas it is expedient that Regulations should be established by Law in the Office of Surveyor General of Woods i and Forests, that all Monies, Bills and Drafts received on Account of the Revenue under the Management of the Surveyor General of Woods and Forests, should be lodged in the Bank of England, and that Payments, previous to its being carried into the Exchequer, should be made by Drafts on the Bank Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Sums of Money, Bills and Drafts received by such Surveyor General on Account of the Revenue under his Management, shall, the Day after the same shall have been received, or the Day after any Bill shall have been accepted, if the same was not accepted at the Time it was received by the Receiver General, be paid by him into the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for which the Receipt of the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company shall be a sufficient Discharge; and all such Monies, Bills and Drafts, so to be paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be placed to an Account to be raised in the Books of the said Governor and Company, and to be intituled "The Account of the Public Monies of the Surveyor General of the Woods and Forests, " inserting the Name of such Surveyor General for the time being. of Account of Surveyor General of Woods transferred to Conimis* sioners under 50 G. 3. c. 65.- — See § 12. of that

VIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such Surveyor General to reserve for casual and ordinary Payments in his own Hands, or in the Hands of any Private Banker, or other Person on his Account, a Sum not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, or any larger Sum, which the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall direct; and if at any Time the Sum so reserved .should be reduced below Three thousand Pounds, then it shall and may be lawful for such Surveyor General, from time to time, to make up the same to the Sum of Three thousand Pounds by Drafts upon the Fund so deposited in the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Engla.

Surveyor General of Woods, Sec. may send and receive Letters and Packets Postage free, as other Officers under 4 G.3. c. 24. & 42 G.S. c .63.

Money, Bills, &c. received on Account of the Revenue under Management of Surveyor General of Woods, &c. paid into the Bank, who shall open an Account thereof.

Surveyor General may retain in his Hands 30001. for current Payments, Sec.

636

C. 142.

46° GEO.

A.D. 1866.

Payments into the Exchequer shall be made by Orders on the Bank, &c.

Other Payments to be made by Drafts on the Bank, specifying the particular Service.

Drafts

sufficient Authority to Bank.

On Death or Resignation, &c. of Surveyor General, Cash at the Bank to vest in Successor, who may pay all unsatisfied Charges.

Surveyor General to keep Account with the Bank, &c.

Forging Drafts, &c.

IX. And be it further enacted, Xiat the Payments into the Exchequer of the Monies arising by the Revenue under the Management of such Surveyor General pursuant to Law, shall be made in Manner following, (that is to say,) the said Survey or General shall make an Order upon the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to write off from his Account the Sum desired, and the said Governor and Company, or some Person duly authorized in that Behalf, shall upon Receipt of such Order write off such Sum and deliver a spoiled or cancelled Note for the Amount to the Surveyor General or his Clerk, who shall pay the same into the Exchequer; and the Bank Clerks attending there shall receive it as so much Cash.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyor General shall

make all other Payments required to be made, out of the Monies to be deposited in the Bank of, by Drafts on the said

Bank, and shall specify the particular Service, Salary or other Charge or Expence, for the Payment whereof the said Draft was given; and every such Draft shall also have marked in the Margin thereof a Figure corresponding to the Page in a Book to be kept by the said Surveyor General, wherein Entry shall be made of the particular Service, Salary or other Charge or Expence, for the Payment of which such Draft shall be given.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Drafts drawn pursuant to the Directions of this Act, but not otherwise, shall be sufficient Authority to the Bank of England to pay the Amount thereof to the Persons mentioned in such Drafts, or to the Bearer of them.

XII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Resignation or Removal, of the present and of every other Surveyor* General of the Woods and Forests hereafter to be appointed, the Balance of Cash for which he shall at that Time have Credit on his Account, as Surveyor General with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall, as soon as a Successor shall be appointed to the said Office, actually vest in such Successor in Trust for the Public Service, and be forthwith transferred, carried over, and placed to the Account of such Successor, to be applied to the said Service in pursuance of the like Drafts and Orders as aforesaid; and the Surveyor General of the Woods and Forests for the time being shall, and he is hereby directed and required to issue his Drafts and Orders as aforesaid, for all unsatisfied Charges and Demands on Account of the Public Service, although the same shall have accrued in the Time of any former Surveyor General.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Surveyor General for the time being shall keep the Account with the Bank of all Monies issued on his Account for the Service of the Public; and the said Surveyor General, observing the Rules and Regulations hereby prescribed, shall not be answerable for any Money which he shall have so paid into the Bank of England; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be answerable for all the Monies which shall be actuaffy received by them from such Surveyor General as aforesaid.

XIV. And .be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully, act

or

A.D. 1806.

46’ GEO. III. C. 142, 143.

637

or assist in forging or counterfeiting the Name or Hand Writing Felony without of the Surveyor General of the Woods and Forests for the time Clergy, being, or his t)eputy, to any Draft, Instrument or Writing whatsoever, for or in order to the receiving or obtaining any of the Money in the Hands or Custody of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on Account of the Surveyor General of the Woods and Forests, or shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any Draft, Instrument or Writing in Form of a Draft, made by such Surveyor General or his Deputy, or the Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, or shall utter or publish any such, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with au Intent to defraud any Person whomsoever, every such Person or Persons so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be, and is and are hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

CAP. CXLIir.

An Act for enquiring into the State of Windsor Forest in the County of Berks, and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands of the Crown within the same. ' 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that an Enquiry should be made

* into the State of Windsor Forest in the county of , and into the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands of

‘ His Majesty's Subjects within the same, which are in some Parts

* disputed and in other Parts are not clearly ascertained and dis-

tinguished, and into any Purprestures, Encroachments and ‘ Trespasses, which may have been made on the Soil of His Majesty within the Boundaries of the said Forest Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to Commissioners issue or cause to be issued One or more Commission or Commis- appointed to sions under the Great Seal of Great, and thereby to ascertain the

appoint James Abercrombie Esquire, John Vernon Esquire, and of

John Wickens Esquire, to be Commissioners for the Purposes of Forest.

this Act, and to authorize and empower the said Commissioners so to be appointed, or any Two of them, to ascertain and distinguish the Boundaries of the said Forest called Windsor,

which were known to be the Meers, Meets, Bounds and Limits of the said Forest, according to the Tenor of an Inquisition taken at Tvoyford, in the County of Berks, on the Eighteenth Day of October in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the First, pursuant to an Act of Parliament of the Sixteenth Year of His said Majesty King Charles the First, intituled An Act for the Certainty of F, and of the, 16 Car. 1. c. 16. Meers, Limits and Bounds of the Forests and also the Alterations that have been made in such Boundaries by Law since the same were so settled by the said Inquisition, and of the Lands of His *

Majesty’s

638

C. 143.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Meetings of Commissioners.

Claims to be delivered in at such Meetings.

Commissioners may call Persons before them to give Evidence and produce Records.

Notice of Meetings of Commissioners to be given.

Majesty's Subjects within the same, and to enquire of Purprestures, Encroachments and Trespasses on the Soil of His Majesty within the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of all Manerial Rights, Rights of Free Warren and Commonable Rights, existing or claimed within the said Forest; and the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, shall and may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to meet at such Time and at such Place within the said County of Berks as they or any Two of them shall appoint, and then and there to proceed in a summary Way and by the Testimony of Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer,) and by the Inspection and Examination of Records, Court Rolls, Deeds and Writings, or by any other legal Proof or Evidence, or by Perambulation, to enquire of and ascertain the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands and Grounds belonging to His Majesty within the same, and the Boundaries between Lands belonging to His Majesty and Lands of any of His Majesty's Subjects, and in like Manner to enquire of and examine all Claims or Titles that shall or may be made to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be claimed on Behalf of His Majesty us Purprestures, Encroachments or Trespasses in or upon the Soil of His Majesty, within the said Forest, and of all Manerial Rights, Rights of Free Warren and Commonable Rights, existing or claimed within the same.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Persons and Bodies Corporate and Politic, who shall have any Claims or Claim, any Rights or Privilege in, through or over the said Forest, or any Part thereof, shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the said Commissioners, or One of them, at some One of such Meetings as the said Commissioners shall appoint for that Purpose, (or within such further Time, if any, as the said Commissioners shall, under any Circumstances which shall appear to them to make the same necessary, think proper, to allow for that Purpose,) an Account in Writing of all such Claims, Rights or Privileges, and the Nature and Extent thereof, and every Person who shall not deliver in such Claims or Claim, such Rights and Privileges within such Period as aforesaid, shall be barred and excluded from all such Claims, Rights and Privileges whatever.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the

said Commissioners to call before them any Person either to give any Evidence or to produce any Records, Court Rolls or other Documents in his Possession, which they may judge necessary to be examined for the Purposes of the Enquiry directed by this Act; and any Person being duly summoned refusing to appear or to produce such Documents, without reasonable Excuse for such Refusal, shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, to be recovered and applied in Manner hereinafter mentioned. [§ 2, 3. repealed as Jo Time of making

Claims and Penalty on not producing, 47 G. 3. sess. 2.

[c. 46.]

IV. And, to the Intent that no Person may have any just Cause or Pretence for not appearing before the said Commissioners, at their Meetings to be held for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners

shall

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 143.

639

shall give public Notice of the Time and Place of every intended

Meeting, by Publication of such Notice Fourteen Days at least

before such Meeting in the London Gazette, and in Two or more

public Newspapers published daily in London or, and

in One or more of the public Newspapers published in the said

County of Berks:Provided always, that the said Commissioners,

or any One of them, shall and may from time to time adjourn their

Meetings to any future Day and to any Place within the said

County of Berks as they shall think proper, and meet accordingly

without giving any public Notice thereof in any Newspaper.

V. And be it further enacted, That any Two of the Commis- Two Commissioners so to be appointed as aforesaid shall have full Power and sioners may ap-Authority to appoint and hold Meetings for the Purpose of car- point Meetings, rying this Act into Execution, and that at all Meetings of the &c *

said Commissioners under the Authority of this Act, or the said Commission or^Commissions, the major Part of the Commissioners then present shall have full Power and Authority to do, exercise and perform all such Acts, Powers, Authorities, Matters and Things, as in and by this Act, or the said Commission or Commissions to be issued in pursuance thereof, are or shall be directed, authorized or empowered to be done, exercised or performed by the Commissioners.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Proceedings to acting under the said Commission or Commissions shall and they be entered in are hereby required to cause all their Enquiries, Examinations and Books, and re-Proceedings under this Act to be fairly entered in Books to be office of* kept for that Purpose, all which Books, duly signed and certified Surveyor & by the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, shall be returned General of into the Office of the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Woods, &c. or such other Office as the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s

Treasury shall direct, there to remain and be kept, and the said Commissioners shall from time to time report their Proceedings under this Act to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and so often as they shall be required so to do by the said Commissioners of the Treasury.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Boundaries How Bounda-of the said Forest, or of any Lands of the Crown within the same, ries to be shall be so situate that the said Commissioners shall not be able distinguished, fully to ascertain them by permanent, plain and sufficient- Marks or Descriptions in Writing, so that the same may thereby be fully

known at all Times, the said Commissioners shall cause all such Boundaries to be marked with Stones, to be placed at proper Distances from each other, and if the Land whereon such Boundary Stones shall be placed shall not be the Soil of the Crown, although within the Boundaries of the said Forest, shall cause the Letters

W. F. in large Roman Characters, and the Date of the Year in which such Stones shall be put up, and also a Number (in numerical Order) to be cut or engraven on each of the said Stones, and if the Land whereon such Boundary Stones shall be placed shall be Land of the Crown, the Letters C. L. W. F. in large Roman Characters, shall be cut or engraven on such Stones; and if any Person shall Persons re-wilfully or wantonly pull up, break down, remove or damage any moving Stones, of the said Boundary Stones, or destroy, spoil or deface any of the Letters or other Marks engraven or cut thereon by Order of the

said

C. 14*3.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

640

[Penalty.]

Penalties may be recovered before One Justice.

Distress.

Imprisonment.

Proviso for Rights under Letters Patent.

Limitation of Actions.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

Application of Penalties.

Commissioners to ascertain

said Commissioners, such Person shall be guilty of an Offence, and shall for every such Offence, being lawfully convicted thereof; forfeit and lose any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings* to be recovered and applied in Manner hereinafter mentioned.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties

imposed by this Act shall and may be recovered in a summary Way before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Bei'ks, or for any County, Riding, Division or Place, in which the Person having incurred the same shall happen to be; and in case any Penalty recovered before any Justice or Justices of the Peace shall not be paid forthwith, it shall be lawful for the Justice or Justices before whom such Penalty shall be recovered, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, and directed by such Justice or Justices to any Constable or other Peace Officer, to cause such Fine or Penalty to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, together with all Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and in case no sufficient Distress can be had or made, such Justice or Justices shall, if he or they shall think proper, commit the Offender to the Common Gaol for, or some House or Correction within, the said County of Berks, or for such other County, Riding, Division, City, Town

or Place as aforesaid, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprise, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in

this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to defeat, alter or infringe all or any of the Rights, Privileges or Advantages which may be enjoyed or claimed under any Letters Patent granted by His present Majesty, or any of His Royal Predecessors, Kings and Queens of, of any Baili-

wick, Walk or Lodge within the said Forest.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing by him, her or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or for any Cause, Matter or Thing herein contained, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Matter or Thing done, and shall be laid in the proper County; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgment shall be given against him, her or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties recovered, and all Fines imposed, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, shall be by the Justice or Justices, Or other Person or Persons receiving the same, forthwith paid over to the Steward of the said Forest, to be applied in defraying the Expences attending the Execution of this Act, or any other Laws concerning the said Trust, as the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury shall direct.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall enquire into and ascertain the State of the Timber in the said

Forest,

46° GEO. III. C. 143, 14*4, 145.

A.D. 1806.

641

Forest, and shall also enquire into and ascertain proper Places in the said Forest which may be set apart for the Growth and Cultivation of Timber, and make a Report thereof to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, together with such Observations as shall occur to them, and suggest such Plans, Rules and Regulations, Means and Methods for the future Management and Improvement of the said Forest, and for the Protection, Increase and Supply of Timber therein, as the said Commissioners shall think best calculated for rendering the same most productive and advantageous to His Majesty and to the Public.

XIII. And Whereas there may be in various Parts of the said (Forest many small Parcels of Land belonging to or claimed by V the Crown, which are intermixed with, or adjoin, or lie contiguous ‘ to the Lands of Individuals, and are of little Value to the Crown ‘ for any Purpose of the Forest, and it may conduce to the readier ‘ and clearer marking the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the ‘ Lands of His Majesty's Subjects within the same, and to the ‘ more easy Care of the Rights of the Crown, as well as to the ‘ Convenience of His Majesty's Subjects, if such small Parcels of ‘ Land were ascertained with a View to their being alienated from ‘ the Crown Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful to the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required to enquire of and ascertain any small Parcels within the said Forest belonging to or claimed by the Crown, and intermixed with or lying about or adjoining to the Lands of Individuals which are not valuable to the Crown for the Purpose of raising Timber, or any other Purpose of the said Forest, and to make a Report thereof to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury.

[See47 G.3. sess.2. c. 46. — Rent and Money arising by Sale Lands payable to Commissioners of Woods and, 8$c.

under 52 G. 3. c. 161. See § 18. of that Jet.]

the State of the Timber in the Forest, See. and to report to the Treasury.

And also to report on such Parts of the Forest as are intermixed with or adjoining to . the Lands of Individuals,

&c.

CAP. CXLIV.

An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled Act to, amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled 6 An Act for establishing and -

* ing a Permanent Additional Force for the Defence of the

‘ Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty's -

gular Forces, and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia

* of England, so far as the same relates to the City o/Xondon.

[22d i 806.]

CAP. CXLV.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle Annuities on certain Branches of the Royal Family.

[22d 1806.]

u Dukes of Clarence, Kent, Cumberland, Sussex and Cambridgef

" ©£6,000 each during Pleasure; Princess Charlotte of tc ©£7,000 during the Life of the King an Wales;

" Duchess Dowager of Gloucester ©£4,000 during Pleasure; Duke " of Gloucester<£14,000 during Pleasure, in lieu of £8,000 under

46Gso. III. T t " 18 3.

642

C. 14-5, 146, 147. 46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

u 18 G.3. c. 31. § 5; Princess Sophia Gl£5,000

" Pleasure, in lieu of s£4?, Q00 tinder 18 G. 3. c. 31. § 6,; awrf " ^2,000 additional after Death of Duchess of

[See 47 G. 3. sess. 1. c. 39.]

CAP. CXLVI.

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on the Earl Nelson and the Heirs Male of his Body, and such other Persons to whom the Title of Earl Nelson may descend; and for granting a Sum of Money to purchase an Estate to accompany the said Title (a); and also for granting a Sum of Money (b) for the Use of the Sisters of the late Vice Admiral Viscount Nelson; in Consideration of the eminent and signal Services performed by the said late Viscount Nelson to His Majesty and the Public.

[22d July 1806.] (a) [£5,000.] {>£90,000.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS Your Majesty, by Your most gracious Message to Your faithful Commons, hath been pleased to declare,

that Your Majesty having taken into Your Royal Consideration the eminent and signal Services performed by the late Vice Admiral Lord Viscount Nelson, in a long Series of distinguished Exploits, and particularly in the glorious and decisive Victory of Trafalgar, in which he unfortunately fell; and being desirous to bestow on the Family of the said Lord Viscount Nelson Such considerable and lasting Mark of Your Royal Favour as may correspond with the Sense Your Majesty entertains of Services so honourable to the British Navy, and so eminently beneficial to the Interests of the Nation; and for that Purpose, of granting to the Earl of Nelson, and to the Heirs Male of his Body, and such other Persons to whom the Title of Earl Nelson may descend, a 4 net Annuity of Five thousand Pounds during their respective Lives; and also of granting a Sum not exceeding One hundred -< and twenty thousand Pounds, as a further Provision for the Family of the said Lord Viscount Nelson, a Part whereof it was Your Majesty's Intention should be appropriated to the Purchase of a House and Lands, to be annexed to the said Dignity:Now 4 we, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Com--4 mons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, duly considering Your Majesty's most gracious Intention, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; ’ And be it enacted, &c.

[See53 G. 3. c. 134. — Amended 55 G. 3. c. 96.]

CAP. CXLVII.

An Act to enable His Majesty to continue a certain (a) Annuity to George now Lord Rodneyt, Grandson of George 'Lord Rodney, in consideration of the eminent Services rendered to His Majesty and the Public by the said George Brydges Lord Rodney, [22d July 1806.]

(a) [923/. Is. 6d- being 1000l. Irish Currency, for Life.]

A.D. 1

46° GEO. III. C. 148, 149.

64$

CAP. CXLVIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

[22d 1806.]

XXXI. AND be it farther enacted, That the several Duties, stamp Duties which by an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of His Majesty's under Reign, intituled An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Com- 44 @.3. missioners for managing the Duties upon stamped, - Licences for

ment and Paper in Great Britain, and to grant and additional keepine"068 °T Duties in lieu thereof; or by an Act passed in this present Session Lottery Offices, of Parliament, intituled An Act to repeal the several Duties under repealed, the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper in Ireland, and to grant netv and

.additional Duties in lieu thereof; and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland; were imposed upon Licences to Persons, to open and keep Offices for selling or dealing in Lottery Tickets in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be, and the same are hereby repealed.

CAP. CXLIX.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain for the Year 1806; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[22d 18.06.]

I. a^P.3, 500,000 Out of the British Consolidated Fund '

II. 18,000,000 From the following Duties, viz.

Additional Customs under - 43 3. c. 70.

Ditto Duties of Excise ---- c. 81.

Duties on Property (- ---- c. 122.

Additional Customs - 3. c. 53.

Additional Duty on Property 45 3. c. 15.

Additional Duty on Tobacco, &c. 46 G. 3. c. 39.

Additional Customs ---- c. 42.

Additional Duty on Property ---- c. 65.

III. The following Sums, viz.

Produce of Malt Act - - 46 G. 3. c.

2.000. 000 I. — Pensions, &c.- c. 3.

10, 500,000l. — Exchequer Bills - c. 25.

1, 500,000l. — Ditto - ---- c. 26. '

20,000,000l. — Loan (deducting Two

Millions for Ireland) - — c. 33.

3.000. 000l. — Exchequer Bills - ~---- c. 41.

4, 500,000l. — Out of War Taxes, V

1805.

Lottery (deducting One third for

Ireland)- - - 148.

18,000,000l. — Out of Duties under §2.

3, 500,000 — Out of Consolidated Fund. (See §1.)

Granted to make good the Supply for Service of Great Britain for 1806.

Appropriated to the Uses after expressed.

{See § 5, &c.)

(ft) [47 G.3. sess. 2. c. 76. § 3.1 T t 2

644 *

C. 149.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

IV. The following Sums, viz.

Produce to Irish Exchequer under

British Loan Act, 2,0000,000l. 46 3. 33.

— ....... Irish Loan, 2,000,000l.

(Irish)

Treasury Bills 500,000l.

(Irish)

• — Lottery (One third)

Application, viz.

47.

c. 46. c. 148.

Appropriated

Uses as expressed. §21, &c.)

to

after

{See

<§£.15, 804, 341 15s. 3d. for the Naval Services following, viz. 2, 886,000 0 " '

2.964.000

4.680.000

390,000 0 1, 045, 353 12

0 Wages for 120,000) " '

Men, including > cT-T 03 £.1 17

29,000 Marines} 0 Their Victualling - § S o > Vs < 1 18

0 Wear and Tear of Ships Vs a. 3 0

0 Ordnance, 0 5 J

1, 980, 830 0 0

11 Ordinary of the Navy (including Half Pay)- -

Building, rebuilding and repairing Ships, Extra - ...

1, 250,000 0 0 Hire of Transports -400,000 0 0 Prisoners of War in Health

45.000 0 0 Ditto Sick ......

30.000 0 0 Hospitals for Seamen

193, 158 2 4 Additional Pay to Officers and Sea-7 men

For the Year 1806.

VI. 2, 400,000 0 0 For the Service of Great Britain

For 13 Lunar Months.

to

I 24 March 1806.

Between May 1 and 31, 1806. Out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies aforesaid.

" To enable His Majesty to take such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may require."

For the Service of Ireland for like Purposes.

For the Land Services following, viz.

For 134, 473 Effective Men in'} From Dec. 25, 1805, Great Britain and and

on the Continent - For Forces in the Plantations, &c."

For the Militia and Fencibles in Great Britain and Ireland For 134, 473 Effective Men in Great Britain and,

from March 25 to May 24,

1806 - -_ - For Forces in the Plantations,

&c. for same Period For the Militia and Fencible Infantry, &c. for same Period Supernumerary Officers -

For Public Departments in Great Britain and Ireland, and Exchequer Fees - For the Year 1806 *

Increased Rates to Innkeepers

VII. 600,000 0 0

VIII. 18, 507, 518 18 5

1, 193, 105 0 0

505, 037 0 0

617, 584 0 0

795, 406 0 0

336, 693 0 0

411, 725 0 0

35, 315 176, 977 2 0

15 4

486, 666 12 8

A.D. 1806.

46 GEO. III. C. 149.

645

Lodging Money in Scotland, Small Beer, and Allowance on March in Ireland -

e£M84, 947 0 7 On Account of Half Pay (a) to reduced Officers of Land Forces -5, 801 13 8 For Military Allowances to reduced Officers of Land Forces -

50,000 0 0 Half Pay and Allowances to reduced Officers of British American Forces

1,000 0 0 0n Account of Officers late in the Service of the States General. 244, 711 6 5 Chelsea and Kilmainham Hos- '

pitals, In and Out Pensioners, and Expences of the Hospitals 15, 418 16 1 General Hospital Expences,

for Ireland and Military Infirmary in Dublin 31, 970 17 6 Widows’ Pensions in Great Britain and Ireland 555, 193 0 0 Barrack Department in Great

Britain -

458, 647 4 0 ---- Ireland

397, 704 0 0 For 134, 473 Effective Men in Great Britain and Ireland, for Guards, Garrison, &c. -168, 347 0 0 For Forces in the Plantations, &c. 205, 864 0 0 For the Militia and Fencible Infantry, &c.

1, 929, 309 7 2 For 121, 529 Effective Men ini T.

Great Britain and Ireland - C

946, 518 15 3 21, 998 0 0

From Dec. 25, 1805,

to

Dec. 24, 1806.

For the Year 1806.

From May 25 to June 24, 1806.

Dec. 24, 1806.

From Dec. 25, 1805,

For Forces in Plantations, &c.

East India recruiting Parties, '

Four Troops of Dragoons and Twelve Companies of Foot in Great Britain -225, 404 16 11 On Account of Recruiting and f to 24, 1806. Contingencies for Land Forces in Great Britain and Ireland, and Foreign Stations - -J 234, 104 17 11 For General, Staff and Hospital!

Officers in Great Britain and > For the Year 1806. Ireland -

{From 25th

1806, to 24th Dec. 1806.

(both inclusive).

sz, 155 17 O Contingencies for Militia and I Fencibles in Great Britain and I Ireland - - .

(a) [Overplus of Half Pay hoxv disposed of, 47 G. 3. sess. % 76. § 27.]

Tt 3

646

C. 14-9.

46° GEO. III.

A.D. 180&

* £.157, 227 16 4 1, 738, 806 3 1

985, 909 1 10

15.000 0 0 161, 700 9 11

50.000 0 0

3, 723

272, 386

From June 25,

1806, to De24,

1806.

‘6

10

3,000,000 0 0

IX.

600,000

79, 432

354, 322

2, 957, 181

130,000

0

13

18

6

0

0

2

10

6

0

129, 230 15 5

677, 976

X. 8,000,000

XI. 2, 500,000

XII. 1, 500,000

XIII. 3,000,000

XIV. 4, 500,000

•XV. XVI. XVII. XVIII.

8, 250 7, 165 4, 650 3, 100 s-1, 040 0

2, 565 0

49, 465

4, 715

18

0

0

0

0

0

15

11

0

0

0

0

8

5f

For Clothing Militia in Great Britain - - | From 24, 1805,

Volunteer Corps in Great Britain }> to . 25, 1806, and Ireland - - (both inclusive).

Foreign Corps in His Majesty's Service -Allowances to Chaplains of the Forces -

Augmentation of Pay to Officers') and Privates -

Ditto to Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital - \

Ditto Pensions of OfficersWidows J Army Extraordinaries not pro-) FromDcc. 25, 1804, vided for - -} to Dec. 24, 1805.

Army Extraordinaries in Great 1

Britain - - > For the Year 1806.

Ditto in Ire

For Ordnance for Land Service irt Great, not

provided for in ...... 1804.

Ditto Ditto - 1805-

Ditto - Ditto I

For Ordnance for Sea Service > For the Year 1806.

in Great Britain -

For Ordnance Service for Irelan

to replace that Sum advanced V For 1805. by Irish Exchequer - -)

For Ordnance in Ireland for 1806.

To discharge outstanding Exchequer Bills under

45 G. 3. c. 118.

Ditto — c. 119.

Ditto — c. 120.

Ditto under 39 &40 G. 3. c. 28.

Ditto, issued for the Service of 1805.

-1

3, 250 Jr. Cur,

Civil Establishments, viz, d.

0 Upper Canada.

0 Nova Scotia.

0 New Brunswick.

0 St. John in America 0 Cape Breton.

0 Newfoundland.

To make good Money issued by Addresses of the House of Commons.

4, 400

1, 030

600

12, 819

18,000

18,000

d

0

0

0

H

o

0

Bahama Islands. Bermudas. Dominica.

New South Wales. Sierra Leone. Forts in Africa.

From January 1 to December 31, 1806.

XIX. 693, 076 15 9 For discharging 5 Annuities under 37 G. 3.

c. 10. and 42 G. 3. c. 8.

2, 381 17 6 Arrears of Annuity to the late Duke of

51.250 14 0 For Navigation between Inver- '

ness and Fort William

10.250 14 0 For Roads and Bridges in Scotland -

‘ 21

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 149.

£.1, 934 4

48, 329 0 10,000 0

4,000 0

29, 300 0

20,000 0

143, 849 17

12,000 0 5, 210 0

3, 400 0 1,000,000 0

30,000 0

1, 420 0 20, 161 7 28, 323 18

23, 350 10 8, 565 18

2, 698 13

534 14

278 6

974 8 219 14

3, 435 19

457 1

7, 062 12

647

10

31

Usher of the Court of Ex- j chequer

For Convicts at Home - - ,

For reprinting Journals, &c. of the House of Commons For printing the 58th Volume of Journals of the House of Com-

} For the Year 1806.

mons -

0 For Printing and Stationery for'* the Two Houses of Parlia

• For the Year 1806.

For the Year 1806.

0|>

0

ment - -j

For printing Votes, Bills, Re- ports, &c. during the present >

Session

French Clergy, Toulonese, Dutch '

and Corsican Emigrants, and American Loyalists

For Public Office in Boxu Street

For Salaries, , fyc. c. to Officers of the House of Lords and Commons

For the British Museum.

For discharging Interest of Ex-1 As may be paid off chequer Bills - j in 1806.

Bills drawn, and to be drawn from I

New South Wales, and to be- /-The Year 1806. come due in the Course of -)

Superintendance of Aliens.

Royal Military College - - For the Year 1806.

For Ditto, to reimburse Barrack}

srwaur.arSW".

Institution to -

Royal Military Asylum at Chelsea For the Year 1806.

f B. Cobbe Esq. for additional I For Three Quarters

Allowances to Clerks in >- of a Year to Auditor’s Office - -) 5, 1806.

For Lord Walsingham as Chairman of the Committees of the Lords in Session 1805.

To T.Brodie Esq. for making an Index to the

32d Volume of the Lords Journals,

For Attendance of Dr. J’. B. Clarke relating to the Act for enforcing Residence of Clergy.

Thames Police Office.

To J. Clementson Esq. for Rent of a House due

at Midsummer 1805.

For a House in Downing Street for an Office for the Secretary of State.

To William Chinnery Esq. for sundry Persons’ Attendance on the Committee relating to Sir H. Bopham.

To J.Vernon Estj. for the Purchase of Premises

for the New Mint.

Tt 4

648

C. 149.

* £.4, 346 12 1, 059 2 1, 949 2

25.000 0 1, 515 9

I, 592 12 243 10

5.000 0 302 10

10.000 0 10,000 0

90.000 0

20.000 0 14, 698 11

6, 045 2 175,000 0

50.000 0 1, 270 17

2, 500 0

12, 400 0

9.000 0 1, 828 5

II, 600 0

20.000 0 10, 336 3

3,000 0 300,000 0

46° GEO. III.

A.D. 1806.

54, 184 14 12, 600 0

S

25,000 0 0

7, 500 0 0

To Sir R. Ford for a Plan for a Horse Patrol round the Metropolis.

For J.J, Anger stein for British Subjects detained in France.

To Joseph White for Two Houses for additioal Commissioners of Public Accounts.

For carrying on the Building of the New Mint.

To E. Stracey Esq. as Counsel to the Chairman

of the House of Lords for the Sessions 1804 and 1805.

For Bills drawn from Net South Wales due in 1806.

Deficiency of Grant for Office in Street for 1805.

To J. [White Esq. for Prosecution and Defence

of Law Suits.

To Captain 1Bowen, for establishing a Settlement in Neva Holland.

For erecting Buildings at Bethlem Hospital.

To Earl Nelson.

To Earl Nelson for the Purchase of a House and Estate.

For the Two Sisters of Viscount Nelson.

For the Funeral of Viscount Nelson.

For the Funeral of Mr. Pitt.

For Secret Services for 1806.

For building a New Mint for the Year 1806-Deficiency of Grant for Prosecutions relating to Coin in 1804 and 1805.

For Extraordinary Expences of Prosecutions relating to Coin in 1806.

For Contingencies of the Three Secretaries of State for 1806.

For Extra Charge for Messengers to the Three Secretaries of State.

For Ministers of the Vaudois' '

Churches -To Sheriffs for Conviction of Felons -

For Law Charges - For Protestant Dissenting Ministers and French Refugees For Board of Agriculture - For the Seamen who served in the Battle of -falgar.

As a Compensation to Messrs. Chalmers and Come for loss sustained by Cargoes of Swedish Herrings.

For Buildings in Palace Yard, Westminster. For Works done at the Two Houses of Parliament, and at the Speaker's.

To the Trustees of the British Museum.

For the Year 1806.

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 149.

649

.3,000 0 0 278 6 6 5, 243 3 0

2, 718 14 9

5,000 0 0

10,000 0 0

324

40

434 17 0

4,000 0 0

1,000,000

55, 507

Q?

G

<-&

o

o

bo

.-14

S

o

H

286, 179 18 0

3, 167 5

"For Fees on passing Public Accounts issued to B.Cobbe Esq.

To Dr. Clarke for his Trouble relating to the Act for enforcing the Residence of the Clergy.

For Salaries to the additional Commissioners for Public Accounts, and their Officers, to 5, 1806.

For additional Allowances tol For One Quarter of Clerks in the Office for > a Year t

Public Accounts - -) 1806.

<| To H. C. Litchfield Esq. for Prosecution and Defence of Law Suits.

To J. Johnson for carrying on the Building of the New Mint.

To Thames Police Office.

To Treasurer’s Remembrancer for preserving Records.

For publishing the Weekly Returns of the Average

Price of Sugar.

To Joseph Kaye and J. Winter for carrying on the

Impeachment of Lord Melville.

To the East India Company for Public Service.

For Compensation of Lands at Common and

Woolwich for the Ordnance.

For paying off Five per Cent. Annuities under 37 G. 3.

c. 10. and 42 G. 3. c. 8.

fm i To James Read '

|Tomakegood|Esq_forthe Es_

6 < outo7theCivil S' taWishment of a List.

Horse Patrol on

Half a Year July 5, 1806.

XX.

XXI.

J the Public Roads 3, 596 5 10 For Printing by Order of the Commissioners of Public Records.

393 1 0£ For Printing under the Act for procuring Returns of

the Poor.

15,000 0 0 For the Royal College of Surgeons for a Building for the Reception of Mr. Hunters Collection.

0 To the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry.

0 To the Commissioners of Military Enquiry.

0 To the Veterinary College for 1806.

5^ Deficiency of Grant for Printing and Y

Stationery for the Houses of Par-> 1805. liament for -

8 For the Military Roads in Scotland for 1806.

3£ Deficiency of Grants for Great Britain in 1805.

26.500

10.500 1, 500 2, 380

1

4, 994 1, 707, 589 10 Irish. *£340 0 0

To S.Moore Esq. for preparing Public Accounts of Ireland to be laid before Parliament.

240 0 0 To J. Smart Esq. for Ditto.

200 0 0 To P.LeBas Esq. for keeping Corn Bounties Accounts.

250 0 0 To R. Marshall Esq. for preparing Accounts of Im-

ports and Exports for Parliament.

200 0 0 To R.Wethetall Esq, for preparing Accounts for Par *

liament.

650

XXII.

XXIII.

C. 149.

46° GEO. III.

A.D. 1806.

s£.20Q 0 0

150 0 0

200 0 0

25,000 0 0

1, 200 0 0

10, 500 0 0

21, 880 0 0

25,000 0 0

2, 500 0 0

254 18 10a

9, 429 18 0

1, 047 10 2

610 6

740 0 0

2,000 0 0

21, 600 0 0

To G. Hatton Esq. for preparing Accounts for Parliament.

To S. Hood Esq. for Ditto.

To H. Haffieldibsq. for Ditto.

For Civil Buildings in Ireland for 1806.

For Printing and Binding Acts, 46 G. 3.

For Proclamations and Adver- tisements - For Printing, Stationery, fyc for the Chief and Under Secretaries Offices, S)'c. in Ireland. ! From Jan. 5, 1806, For Criminal Prosecutions and, to Jan. 5, 1807. other Law Expences in Ireland ----For apprehending Public Offenders in Ireland For completing Sum for Support of the Non Conforming Ministers of Ireland

hiblin

For Battle Axe Guards

For One Year to Jan. 5, 1806.

5,000 0 0

4, 500 0 0

10,000 0 0

3,000 0 0

10,000 0 0

4, 500 0 0

2, 700 0 0

From Jan. 5, 1805, to Jan. 5, 1806.

From Jan. 5, 1806, to Jan. 5, 1807.

f For 18 Months com-•< mencing Dec. 1, (1805.

For the Incidents of the Treasury! From Jan. 5, 1806, of Ireland -j to 5, 1807.

To the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures, viz.

2.000 0 0 For raising Hemp

and Flax -

2.000 0 0 For the Hempen

and Flaxen Manufactures in

Leinster, SfC.

7, 250 0 0 For the Growth of Flax

10, 350 0 0 For promoting the said Manufactures

For building and rebuilding Churches, SfC. - For a Hall of the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland -To the Dublin Society for promoting Husbandry, , fyc. c.

For the Farming Society of - land - For paving the Streets, 8$c. of Dublin -

To Commissioners for widening j Streets in Dublin -

For rebuilding the Parish Church of St. Andrew} Dublin - -J

From Jan. 5, 1806, to Jtm. 5, 1807.

A.D. 1806. 46" GEO. III. C. 149, 150. 651

XXIV. a£22, 62i 6 1 For promoting the English Pro-] testant Schools in Ireland

22, 500 0 0 Dublin Foundling Hospital

1, 588 15 0 Hibernian Marine Society in - Dublin

o r — 1 c* 00 10 10 Hibernian School for Soldiers’ Children -

1, 081 2 2 Female Orphan House

1, 391 2 6 Society for discountenancingVice From Jan. 5, 1806,

8, 988 0 0 Lock Hospital ... to Jan.5, 1807.

22, 862 17 10 House of Industry, , fyc. c.

1, 030 18 6 For maintaining 80 Patients in the House of Recovery, , fyc. c.

2, 287 8 0 Lying in Hospital -

400 0 0 Commissioners of Charitable Donations -

8,000 0 0 Roman Catholic Seminary -

4, 743 3 0^- Sit e evens’s Hospital

v ~ j, ' v ----r--- -/

XXV.) Directing Application of Supplies, and Rules for receiving Half Pay, XXVI. > and Application of Overplus of Sum appropriated to reduced Officers, XXVII. ) by 45 G.3. c. 129. § 8. — (Asinformer Acts.)

CAP. CL.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Receiver General of the Duties of Customs in Great Britain.

[23d July 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Regulations should be

* established by Law in the Office of the Receiver General

* of the Customs in England, for depositing in the Bank of England all the Monies, Bills, Drafts and Notes received by such i Receiver General, on Account of the Revenue under the Ma-

* nagement of the Commissioners of Customs, except as hereinafter

* mentioned, until the same shall be paid into the Exchequer Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the Authority of the same, That from and after the Ninth Day of All Monies August One thousand eight hundred and six, all Monies, Bills, received Notes and Drafts, received by or coming to the Hands of the Re- Receiver ceiver General of the Customs in England on Account of the customs^n Revenue of Customs in Great Britain, shall be paid by him into England to be the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; paid into the (that is to say,) such Monies and Notes, and such of the Bills and Bank of Drafts as shall be already accepted, or shall not require Accept- England, who ance (having been first duly indorsed) shall be paid as aforesaid on shall open an the Day on which the same shall have been received; and such of the Bills and Drafts as shall require Acceptance, and not be already accepted when received (the same having been first duly indorsed where necessary) within Three Days after the same shall have been accepted; for which Monies, Bills, Notes and Drafts, the Entry in the Book hereinafter mentioned shall be a sufficient Discharge; and all such Monies, Bills, Notes and Drafts so to be

paid

Account

thereof.

652

C. 150.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Money for current Payments may be retained.

Bank to enter Payments in a Book to be returned for Inspection of the Supervisor of the Receiver General’s Account.

Money to be paid into the Exchequer by Weekly Orders on the Bank.

paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of, shall

be placed to an Account to be raised in the Books of the said Governor and Company, and to be intituled ‘ The Account of the Public Monies of the Receiver General of Customs, ’ inserting the Name of such Receiver General for the time being.

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for such Receiver General to retain and keep in his own Hands, for the Payment of casual and ordinary and daily Demands, out of the Monies so received by him as such Receiver General, a Sum not exceeding One thousand Pounds at the Close of each Day, unless any further Sum shall be directed to be retained by the said Commissioners, not exceeding Four thousand Pounds over and above the said One thousand Pounds, unless with the Permission, in Writing, of any Three or more of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or some Person duly authorized in that Behalf, shall daily, upon receiving any Money, Bills, Notes or Drafts from such Receiver General of the Customs, make an Entry of the Money, Bills, Notes and Drafts so received, in a Book to be provided by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, which Book shall be forthwith redelivered to the Persons making the Payments for the Customs, and inspected daily after its Return by the Supervisor of the Receiver General’s Receipts and Payments, or his Clerk, such Clerk being first duly authorized by him, for whose Conduct he shall be answerable, who shall compare the same with the Account of Monies, Bills, Notes and Drafts received by the said Receiver General, for the Purpose of ascertaining that the Receiver General constantly pays into the Bank all the Money, Bills, Notes and Drafts which he ought to do under the Provisions of this Act; and any Default which such Supervisor, or his Clerk duly authorized as aforesaid, may discover in that Behalf, shall be immediately reported to the said Commissioners of the Customs, who shall report the same, unless the same shall appear to them to have happened by Mistake or Inadvertence, to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

[. Duties of Supervisor to be done by Comptroller General or his Cleric.See 59 G. 3. c. 78.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Monies placed to the Account of the Receiver General as aforesaid in the Bank of England, shall be paid into the Exchequer from time to time as by Law is directed, in Manner following; (that is to say,) the Receiver General or his Clerk, duly authorized by him for that Purpose, for whose Conduct therein he shall be answerable, shall make an Order weekly upon the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, which Order shall be countersigned by the Supervisor of the Receiver General’s Receipts and Payments, to write off from his Account the Sum specified; and the said Governor and Company, or some Person duly authorized on their Behalf, shall thereupon write off such Sum, and deliver a Note, drawn and cancelled in such Manner as shall be approved by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, for the Amount, to the Receiver General or his Clerk, who shall pay the same into the Exchequer, and the Bank Clerks attending there shall receive it a$ so much

Cash;

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. 150.

653

Cash: And it shall not be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to pay or transfer any Part of the Money so paid in' and placed to the Account of such Receiver General, from such Account, otherwise than, into the Exchequer, in Manner aforesaid, and except in the Manner hereinafter directed, or to deliver any Note or Notes, Bill or Bills of Exchange, save and except to the Solicitor of the Customs or his Clerk, upon his Application for the same, together with the Receiver General or his Clerk and the Supervisor or his Clerk, for the sole Purpose of taking out an Extent for the Security of the Money for which such Bill of Exchange or Draft shall have been given, or to the said Receiver General or his Clerk, any Bills, Notes or Drafts, which may be protested for Non Payment, except as hereinafter is mentioned; in which Case the Commissioners of Customs shall be immediately acquainted therewith if sitting, by such Solicitor, Receiver General or Supervisor, or if not sitting, at the Time of their assembling, and such Delivery shall be entered by the Bank in the Book to be kept as is herein directed.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to require certain Monies received by such Receiver General, of the Description hereinafter mentioned, to be paid into the Bank of England; (that is to say,) Money arising by Deductions on Account of the Civil List Tax, and One Shilling Tax on Salaries or on Account of the Superannuation Fund, or Money received for the Repair of Dover Harbour, or Monies received for Fees arising from vacant Patent Offices, but such Monies shall continue to be received, accounted for and applied, as they were before the passing of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in order that the several

Payments directed by Order of the Commissioners of the Customs in England, to be made by the said Receiver General to Mer-

chants or any other Persons on Account of Drawbacks or Bounties, or on any other Account whatever, may be made without Delay, and for the Payment of which the Money then in the Hands of the said Receiver General shall be insufficient, it shall be lawful for the said Receiver General, or One of his Clerks, to be deputed and authorized by him for that Purpose and for whose Conduct therein he shall be answerable, to draw out of the Bank of, as

Occasion may require, such Sum or Sums of Money as may be sufficient to answer the Purpose aforesaid; and that every Draft or Order on the Bank for Money for any of the said Purposes, shall be countersigned by the Supervisor of the Receiver General’s Receipts and Payments, or One of his Clerks, to be deputed and authorized by him for that Purpose, for whose Conduct therein he shall be answerable; and that the said Receiver General shall from time to time account for the Monies so to be drawn by him or his Clerk out of the Bank.

VII. And, in order that separate Accounts may be kept at the Exchequer, of the Monies paid in on various Branches of the Customs pursuant to Law, be it further enacted, That the said Receiver General of the Customs shall, on every Monday Morning, furnish the proper Officers of the Exchequer with an Appropriation Paper, stating the Heads under which the Receipt of the preceding Week is to be applied.

Bank restrained from paying or transferring such Money otherwise than as herein mentioned.

Commissioners of Customs to be informed of Matters herein mentioned.

Gertain Sums need not be paid into the Bank.

Drawbacks, Bounties, &c. to be paid under Direction of Commissioners of Customs by Draft countersigned by Supervisor.

Officers of Exchequer to be furnished weekly with Appropriation Paper.

654

C. 150.

A.D. 1806.

On Death or Removal of Receiver General Balance to vest in Successor, &c.

Receiver General to keep Account with the Bank.

Forging Drafts, &c.

Felony without Clergy.

46° GEO. I'll.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Resign-

ation or Removal of the present, and of every other Receiver General of the Customs hereafter to be appointed, the balance of Cash for which he shall at that Time have Credit on his Account as such Receiver General with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall, as soon as a Successor shall be appointed

to the said Office, actually vest in such Successor, and until such Successor shall be appointed in such Person or Persons as shall for the time being be duly authorized to execute the Duties of the said Office, in Trust for the Service of the Public, and be forthwith transferred, carried over, and placed to the Account of such Successor or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, to be applied to the said Service, in pursuance of the like Drafts and Orders as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Ninth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and six, the Receiver General of the Customs for the time being shall keep the Account with the Bank of all Monies issued by and paid to the Bank on his Account, for the Service of the Public; and the said Receiver General, observing the Rules and Regulations hereby prescribed, shall not be answerable for any Money, Bills, Notes and Drafts, which he shall have so paid, or caused to be paid, into the Bank of England; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be answerable for all the Monies, Bills, Notes and Drafts, which shall be actually received by them, from and on Account of such Receiver General as aforesaid, except such Bills as may have been returned in Manner aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons

shall knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or assist in forging or counterfeiting the Name or Hand Writing of the Receiver General of the Customs for the time being, or of the Supervisor of the Receiver General’s Receipts and Payments, or the Person or Persons duly authorized as aforesaid, to any Draft, Instrument or Writing whatsoever for or in order to the receiving or obtaining any of the Money in the Hands or Custody of the Governor and Company of the Bank of, on Account of

the Receiver General of the Customs, or shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any Draft, Instrument or Writing in Form of a Draft made by such Receiver General, or the Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, or shall utter or publish any such, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with an Intention to defraud any Person whomsoever, every such Person or Persons so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be, and is and are hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

[See as to Excise, c, 75. anteJ]

A.D. 1806.

46" GEO. ILL

C. 151, 152.

655

CAP. CLI.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant new Leases on former Rents for the Benefit ot‘ Charitable Institutions, or Augmentation of Ecclesiastical Corporations.

[23d July 1806*.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Thirty fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Ma~

1 nagement of the Land Revenue of the, and for the Sale of

(Fee Farm and other unimprovable Rents: And Whereas by the said Act His Majesty is restrained from granting any Lease of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tythes,

4 Woods or other Hereditaments belonging to His Majesty,

within the Ordering and Survey of the Exchequer in,

except under the Terms and Conditions and Restrictions, and e in the Manner therein particularly directed: And Whereas it 1 is expedient that His Majesty should be empowered to grant < any such Leases as have heretofore been customary, or to reserve in any Grant of any such Leases any Rents for the Benefit of any Charitable Institutions, or for the Augmentation of any Ecclesiastical Benefices Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty in all Cases in which any Rent hath been heretofore reserved for the Benefit of any Charitable Institution, or for the Augmentation of any Ecclesiastical Benefice or Corporation, in the Grant of any Leases of Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tythes, Woods or other Hereditaments belonging to His Majesty, within the Ordering and Survey of the Exchequer, to continue to reserve any such Rent upon such Grants or Leases respectively, for the Benefit of any Charitable Institution, or for the Augmentation of any Ecclesiastical Benefice or Corporation as heretofore; and also in all Cases in which any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tythes, Woods and other Hereditaments belonging to His Majesty, within the Ordering and Survey aforesaid, have heretofore been granted for the Benefit of any Ecclesiastical Benefice or Corporation or Charitable Institution, for the Purpose of augmenting the Revenues of such Ecclesiastical Benefice or Corporation or Charitable Institution, to continue to grant new Leases of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tythes, Woods and other Hereditaments as aforesaid, from time to time under the like Reservations of Rent as have heretofore been reserved; any thing in the said recited Act of the Thirty fourth Year of His present Majesty, or in any other Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CLII.

An Act to stay, until Forty Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, Proceedings in Actions, Prosecutions or Informations under an Act made in the Second Year of King James the First, intituled An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, and other,

occupying

54 G.3. c. 75.

His Majesty, in Cases where Rent has been heretofore reserved, or Lands, &c. have been granted for the Benefit of any Charitable Institution or Augmentation of Ecclesiastical Benefice, may continue to reserve such Rent or grant new Leases,

&c.

EXP.

A.D. 1806.

656

Quay, Embankment, &c. not to be erected in or near to any Public Harbour without giving One Month’s Notice to the Admiralty,

Penalty 2001.

Proviso for the Privileges of the City of Xrondon.

C. 152, 153, 154. 46° GEO. III.

occupying the cutting of Leather ', so far as relates to the buying of Oak Bark and rough Hides and Calve Skins ip the Hair.

[23d 1806.]

CAP. CLIII.

An Act for the Preservation of the Public Harbours of the United Kingdom.

[23d July 1806.]

4 \ T7 WHEREAS the Preservation of the Public Harbours of the United Kingdom is of great Importance to the Commerce and Security thereof; ’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to make, construct or erect any Pier, Quay, Wharf, Jetty, Breast or Embankment, in or adjoining to any Public Harbour in the United Kingdom, or any River immediately communicating therewith, so far as the Tide flows up the same, without giving at least One Month’s previous Notice of his, her or their Intention so to do, to the Secretary of the Admiralty, who is to lay the same before the Lord High Admiral or Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty for the time being; the Receipt of which Notice the said Secretary is hereby required duly to acknowledge; upon pain that every Person or Persons offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in which no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act or any Thing herein contained shall not extend, or be construed to extend to prejudice or derogate from the Estates, Rights, Liberties, Interests, Privileges, Franchises or Authority of the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of, or

their Successors, or the Lord Mayor of the said City for the time being, or any of their Deputies or Ministers in the Port of London, or to prohibit, defeat, alter or diminish any Power, Authority or Jurisdiction which at the Time of making this Act the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of, or

the Lord Mayor of the said City for the time being as Conservator of the River of Thames and Waters of Medway, did or might lawfully claim, use or exercise; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. CLIV.

An Act for taking down the present Building in which the Treasury Chambers and Offices of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland were situated, and erecting new Buildings in lieu thereof. July 1806.]

[See 48 G. 3. c. 146* and c*c* 155.156. posti’J

46° GEQ. III.

C. 155 — 158,

657

A.D. 1806.

CAP. CLV.

An Act for applying certain Balances arising from the Forfeited Estates in Scotland, towards making Canals, Harbours and other Public Works there.

[23d July 1806.] [See also c. 154. anteand 1

CAP. CLVI.

An Act for appropriating certain Balances arising from the Forfeited Estates in Scotland to the Use of the British Fisheries, and the erecting a Lunatic Asylum at,

and the Payment of the Officers of the late Board of annexed Estates in Scotland, [23d July 1806.]

[See also c, 154, 155.

CAP. CLVII.

An Act for more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of an Act made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, to give further Time for the Payment, on the Conditions therein mentioned, of Instalments on certain Loans advanced to the House of Alexander and Company, to Charles Ashwell Esquire, and Johnstone Esquire, being Persons connected with and trading to the Islands of Greneda and Saint, so far as

relates to the Real and Personal Estates of William Mac Dowall, James Mac Dowall and Robert Houstoun, in the West Indies and elsewhere, except in Scotland.

[23d July 1806.]

[See also c. 158. post. — This Act , 48 G. 3. 135.]

CAP. CLVIII.

An Act for more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of an Act made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, to give further Time for the Payment, on the Conditions therein mentioned, of Instalments on certain Loans advanced to the House of Alexander Houstoun and Company, to Charles Aslmell Esquire, and to William Johnstone Esquire, being Persons connected with and trading to the Islands of Grenada and Vincent, so far as relates to the Real and Personal Estates of William Mac Dowall, James Mac Dowall and Robert Houston Rae Esquires, in Scotland.

[23d July 1806.]

[S<?e also c. 157. ant el]

46 Geo. III. Uu

0

658

46° GEO. III. A.D. 180G.

C; i, ii.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED,

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

N.B. — The Continuance of such of the ensuing Acts as are temporary •will be known (wh it is not expressly stated) by referring to the following, according to corresponding Letter in the Title.

(a) For 21 Years, , fyc. c. [i. e. to the End of the then next ]

from a Day named in the (&) For 21 Years, , fyc. c. from the passing of the

(c) For 21 Years, , fyc. c. after the End of the Term undei'former Acts.

All Acts in this List not distinguished by the Letters (q. P.) are Public Acts; to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following:

"And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed " and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken " Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded."

(q. P.) Quasi Public Acts, i. e. Acts to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following:

" And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed " by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a " Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence " thereof by all Judges, Justices and others."

Cap. i.

12 G.3. c. 17. An Act for altering and amending an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for lighting such Part of the Town of Islington as lips in the Parish of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County Middlesex, and for establishing a regular Nightly Watch therein; and for removing and preventing Nuisances within the said Town and Parish.

[22d March 1806.]

Cap. ii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Great Bridge-water Street, in Manchester, across the River, through

Salford to Eccles, in the County Palatine of, and se-

veral Branches of Road to communicate therewith. () x [22d March 1806.]

46° GEO. III. C. iii.

659

A. 33.1806.

Cap. iii.

An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace for the West Riding of the County of York, to provide convenient Court Houses for holding the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace within the, said Hiding.

[22d March 1806.]

WHEREAS the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for

* the West Riding of the County of Yorlc have heretofore been from time to time holden at the Towns of Wetherby, -

field) Doncaster, Pontefract, Skipton, , Rotherham,

4 Knaresborough, Leeds, Sheffield and Barnsley, all in the said Riding: And Whereas the Court Houses or Buildings in the

* said several Towns in which the said General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said Riding have been so holden as aforesaid, are for the most Part very ancient Buildings, greatly out

* of Repair, and altogether inconvenient for the Purposes of holding therein the said General Quarter Sessions of the Peace:

And Whereas the same are either the Property of private Individuals or of Corporations, by whose Permission and Sufferance only they have been used for the Purposes aforesaid, and therefore are not subject in any respect to the Controul of the Justices of the Peace for the said Riding: And Whereas it is become expedient and necessary to the Administration of Justice, that the Justices of the Peace for the said Riding should be empowered to erect, build or otherwise provide, as when and where Occasion may require, proper Court Houses with suitable Accommodations for the more convenient holding of such General Quarter Sessions of the Peace as aforesaid; and to purchase such Lands, Buildings, Hereditaments and Premises as may be necessary for such Purposes, and to defray the Expences thereof by and out of the Public Stock and County Rates of the said Riding: But the same cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That at the next General Quar- justices

ter Sessions of the Peace to be holden after the passing of this enabled to

Act at Pontefract in and for the West Riding of the County of make Orders to

York, in the First Week after the Close of Easter, and afterwards ilect Court

at any future General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden &c *

at Pontefract aforesaid next after faster, yearly and every Year,

it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for

the said West Riding then and there assembled, and they are

hereby authorized and empowered, to make such Order or Orders

for the erecting, building, purchasing, providing and furnishing,

in any of the Towns aforesaid, proper Court Houses with suitable

Accommodations for the more convenient holding of the General

Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said West Riding, as to them

the said Justices so assembled, or the major Part of them, shall

from time to time appear expedient and necessary; and for the an(J to pay for

paying, discharging and defraying of all the Expences, Costs and the same out of

Charges of and’attending the erecting, building, purchasing, providing and furnishing of the same, and the effecting and carrying

U u 2 into

660

46° GEO. III.

4 G.3. c 25 G.3. c. 105.

!. iii, iv, v.

A.D. 180G,

into Execution of the several Purposes of this Act, by and out of the Public Stock or County Rates of the said Riding, subject to such Restrictions and Provisions as are hereinafter, contained.

u Justices enabled to purchase Lands for the Purposes of this " Act. § 2. Restraining the Justices from taking more than " One Acre in each Town or Place. §3. Bodies Politic, &c. " enabled to sell, &c. All Contracts to be valid. Trustees,

" indemnified. § 4. Application of Compensation if amounting to 2001. §5. Application of Compensation if less than 2001. " and exceeding 201. § 6. Application of Compensation, if less than 201. § 7. In case of not making out Titles, or if Per-iC sons cannot be found, Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank; " subject to the Order of the Court of Chancery, on Motion or " Petition. § 8. Where any Question shall arise touching the li Title to Money to be paid, the Person who shall be in Posses-u sion of the Lands, &c. at the Time of such Purchase, shall be " deemed entitled thereto, according to such Possession, unless u the contrary be shewn to the Court of Chancery. § 9. The " Court of Chancery may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to be paid by the Trustees. § 10. Notice to be given of the Places at which Court Houses are to be erected " or provided; and advertised in the Newspapers published in the Riding. $11. Court Houses to be erected at such

11 Places only as Sessions have heretofore been held at. § 12. " Persons doing Damage to the Court Houses, &c. to be prosecuted at York. §13. Court House to be erected only upon " Lands the Property of the Riding, or purchased for the Purpose. § 14. Contributions may be made to Court Houses already built. § 15. Court Houses vested in Justices for public

il Purposes. § 16. Justices to repair, &c. § 17. Justices

[Public Act.]

" may sue and be sued in the Name of the Clerk of the Peace or *his Deputy. Persons good Witnesses though they pay County .« Rates. Clerk to be reimbursed Costs and Expences. &c. § 18. " Expences of the Act. § 19. Limitation of Actions. §20. " § 21.

Cap. iv.

An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Body of the Parish Church of Chertsey, in the County of and for repairing

the Tower thereof, and building a Vestry Room near or adjoining to the said Church.

[22d March 1806.]

[Trustees empowered to raise a further Sum, 47 G. 3. sess. 1.

c.x.] ’

Cap. v.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Fourth and Twenty fifth Years of His present Majesty, so far as relate to the Road, from the South End of the Town of i Rotherham, in the County of York, to the present Turnpike Road near Pleasley, in the County of Derby, (c)

[22d March 1806.]

46° GEO. III.

C, vi — xii.

661

A.D. 1806.

Cap. vi.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the 4 G.3. c Fourth and Twenty fifth Years of His present Majesty, for 25 G. 3. c. 104. amending and widening the Hoad from, in the County

of York, to the Town of Doncaster, in the said County, (c)

[22d March 1806.]

Cap. vii.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of 32 G.2. c. 7i. Three Acts, passed in the Thirty second Year of His late Ma- 14 ^.3. c. 98. jesty, and in the Fourteenth and Twentieth Years of His present 20 *3* c, 86‘ Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wetherby to Grassington, in the County of York, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road from Knaresborough to the Junction of the Road from Ripon to Pately Bridge, (b) [22d March 1806.]

[See cay. ciii. post.]

Cap. viii.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the 4 G.3. c. 8l. Powers, of Two Acts, of the Fourth and Twenty fifth Years of 25 G.3, c. 101. His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Bucks Head at Watling Street, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Salop; and for making a new Branch of Road adjoining or near to the said Roads, (c)

[22d March. 1806.]

Cap. ix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wymondham in. the County of Norfolk, (q. P.) [22d March 1806.]

[His Majesty being Lord of the Manor of Wymondham of the

Queen, Commissioners shall transmit an Extract of so much of

their Award as relates to His Majesty's Allotment to the Land

Revenue Office. §1.32.]

Cap. x.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of East Ruston, ini the County of Norfolk, (q. P.) [22d March 1806.]

Cap. xi.

An Act for enclosing Lands in the Parish of Besthorpe, in the County of Norfolk.(q. P.) [22d March 1806.]

Cap. xii.

An Act to enable the Huddersfield Canal Company to raise a further Sum of Money for the Discharge of their Debts, and to finish and complete the Huddersfield Canal, and for amending the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Canal. (6) [31st March 1806.]

[100,000l.^ 34 G.3. c. 53 — 39 & 40 G. 3. c. xxxix.]

U u- 5

662 C.xiii-*-xix. 46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

xiii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Town of Huddersfieldin the West Riding of the County of to a

Place called Net6 Hey, in the Parish of, in the

County Palatine of Lancast, and for making and maintaining certain Branches of Road to communicate therewith.

[31st March 1806.]

Cap. xiv.

5 G.s. c. 59. An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, passed in the Fifth 26 G.3. c.i 56, and Twenty sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from in the County of

Southampton; and for amending and widening the Road to Wilverley Post, in the Forest, (c) [31st March 1806.]

Cap. xv.

4 G.3. c. 48. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the

25 G.s, c. 108. Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fourth and Twenty fifth

Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from Callington in the County of Cornwall. (5)

[31st March 1806.]

Cap. xvi.

An Act for enabling the Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An

Act for rebuilding the Workhouse of the Parish of Saint Sepulchre, in the City of London, and for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the said, to raise a further Sum

of Money for completing the Purposes of the said Act.

[2d April 1806.] [60001. See former, 38 G. 3. c. xxxiv.]

Cap. xvii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Millbridge to; Cleckheaton, in the Parish of, all in the West Riding of

the County of York. (b)[2d 1806.]

Cap. xviii.

5 G.s. c. 85. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the

26 G.3. c. 141. Powers, of so much of Two Acts, passed in the Fifth and

Twenty sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Bawtry Brid, in the county of , to

Hainton, in the county of , and other Roads therein

mentioned, as relates to the First and Second Districts of Roads therein described. (c)[2d April 1806.]

Cap. kix.

An Act for the Regulation of the Oyster, Sole and Salmon Fisheries, within the Harbour of, in the county of ,

and the Rivers running into the said Harbour.

[21st April 1806.]

A.D. 1806.

4*6° GEO. III. C. xx — xxvii.

663

Cap. xx.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale s Canal more effectually to provide for the Discharge of their Debts, and to amend the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Canal.

[21st April 1806.]

Company empowered to raise an additional Sum of 143, 050/.

See former Acts, 34 G. 3. 78. — 39 & 40 3. c. xxxvi.

— 44 G. 3. c. ix. Altered 47 . 3. 2. c.lxxxi.]

Cap. xxi.

An Act for amending, altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for paving, and otherwise improving, the Borough of Kings, in the County of Norfolk.

[21st April 1806.]

Cap. xxii.

An Act for regulating the Charities of John of,

Gentleman, and Frances his Wife, both deceased.

[21st April 1806.]

[These Charities relate to Christ’s Hospital London. By the

Act the Hospital is empowered to lease the Estates devised by West and his Wfe; and to apply to the Court of Chancery for Directions as to Applications of the in case of any

Dispute or Difficulty arising.]

Cap. xxiii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of in the

County of Somerset. (q.P.) [21st April 1806.]

Cap. xxiv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Little, in the

County of Norfolk, (q. P.) [5th May 1806.]

Cap. xxv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of, in the

Parish of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of . (q. P.)

[5th May 1806.]

Cap. xxvi.

An Act for amending, altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts, passed for paving, pitching, cleansing and lighting, the Streets and other Places within the City of Bristol and Liberties thereof.

[5th May 1806.]

£ See former Acts, 11 & 12 W.3. c. 23* — 22 G. 2. c. 20. — 28

G. 2. c. 32. — 6 G.3. c. 34.-43 3. c. cxl This Act

in part repealed, 3 G. 4. c. xxiv.]

Cap. xxvii.

An Act for better supplying the Inhabitants of the Town and Township of Colne, in the County Palatine of, with

Water.

[5th May 1806.]

43 G. 3. c. xxxvii.

664

C. xxviii — xxxi.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

25 G.3. c. 115.

S9 & 40 G. 3. c.xxxii.

5 G.3. c. 96. 24 G.3. sess. 2. £.62.

Commissioners for putting the Act in Execution.

Cap. xxviii.

An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the Twenty fifth' Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Lutterworth Hand, on the Watling Street Road, through Churchover, Brownsover, Newholdu, Rugby and Bil-

ton, in the County of Warwick, to the Turnpike Road between

Dunchurch and Hillmorton, in the said County, (c)

[5th May 1806.]

Cap. xxix.

An Act to extend the Provision^ of so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, as relates to repairing certain Turnpike Roads in the County of Aberdeen, to other Roads within the said County.

[5th May 1806.] [See 44 G. 3. c. lxxxi. —, 3 G. 4. c. liii.]

Cap. xxx.

An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Fifth and Twenty fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Alford to Boston, and from thence to, in the County of

Lincoln.

[5th May 1806.]

Cap. xxxi.

An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace for the County of ' York to provide a convenient House, with suitable Accommodations, for His Majesty's Judges of the Assizes at the said County.

[23d May 1806.]

‘ \\J WHEREAS the Lodgings in the City of, in which His

Majesty's Judges reside during their Attendance at the ‘ Assizes for the County of York, are very inconvenient, and do ‘ not afford proper and suitable Accommodation to the Judges during their Residence in the said City: And Whereas the Magistrates of the said County of York assembled at a General Meeting held at the Castle of York on Thursday the First Day 4 of August One thousand eight hundred and five, having duly considered the same, resolved that there appears no Mode of

* procuring permanent suitable Accommodation for the said Judges of Assize but by the Expenditure of a considerable Sum of

4 Money either in the Purchase, Repairing or Building of some

* House for that Purpose: And Whereas the same cannot be done without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; ’ May it therefore

please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Sir William Mordaunt, Sir John, Sir

Mark Masterman Sykes, Baronets, the very Reverend George Markham Doctor in Divinity, and Hall Plumer Esquire, being Justices of the Peace in and for some of the Ridings of the said County of York, and their Successors to be nominated as hereinafter

665

A.D. 1806. 46° GEO. III. C. xxxi.

after mentioned, shall be and are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act in execution.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Commis- For appointing si oners shall die or decline to act in the Execution of the Powers new Com-of this Act, then and in every such Case, and from time to time as nuss, oners* Occasion shall require, it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of all or any of the Ridings of the said County, assembled at a General Meeting at any subsequent Assize for the said County, or the major Part of the Justices present at such Meeting, to nominate a Commissioner or Commissioners from amongst His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, to act in the Place of the Commissioner or Commissioners so dying or declining, so as to keep up the Number of Five Commissioners; and that all intermediate Acts of the Commissioners for the time being, after the Death or Cessation of any Commissioner or Commissioners, and previous to such new Appointment, shall nevertheless be good and valid to all Intents and Purposes, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or First Meeting

any Three pr more of them shall meet at the Castle of of the Com-

within Thirty Days next after the passing of this Act, between the missioners* Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and Two in the Afternoon; and the

said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall then and there proceed to put this Act in execution, and then and from time to time afterwards adjourn themselves to meet, or otherwise meet according to such Notice as is hereinafter directed to be given, at such Place or Places within the said County of York as such Commissioners or any Three or more of them shall think proper and convenient; and if Three Commissioners shall not attend at the Time and Place appointed for any such Meeting, then the Commissioners or Commissioner present may make such Adjournment, or if no such Commissioner shall be present, or if at any Meeting an Adjournment be neglected to be made, then the Clerk to the said Commissioners or his Deputy may revive and continue the Meetings of the said Commissioners, by calling One or more Meetings for that Purpose, and causing such Notice to be given as is hereinafter directed; and every such Meeting so to be called for the Purpose of reviving and continuing the said Meetings shall be adjourned in the like Manner; and such Adjournments and the Revivals and Continuations of the said Meetings shall be entered by the Clerk to the said Commissioners or his Deputy in a Book to be kept for that Purpose.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, No Proceed-That no Proceedings of the said Commissioners, or any of them, ings of Com-in the Execution of this Act, shall be valid unless done at a Meet- ml!*lon<?rs ing held in pursuance of this Act, nor unless Three Commissioners done a"a

at the least shall be present at such Meeting; but that all Orders Meeting%or which are by this Act authorized to be made by such Commis- unless Three of sioners, and all Acts, Matters and Things which are by this Act such Corn-authorized to be done by such Commissioners, may and shall be miss‘oners shall done by the major Part of such of the Commissioners as shall be bePr^sent‘ assembled and present at the making of any such Order or doino-any such Act; and that previous Notice of all the Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act (Meetings by Adjournments only

excepted)

666

C. xxxi.

A.D. 1806.

Commissioners Clerk to be appointed.

Clerk to be reimbursed Costs and Ex-peaces.

Commissioners enabled to make Orders to provide Accommodations for the Judges at the Assizes.

Commissioners enabled to purchase Houses and Lands for the Purposes of this Act.

46° GEO. IJL

excepted) shall be given by the said Clerk or his Deputy, by Letter, to the several Commissioners, Ten Days at the least before such Meeting, which Notice shall specify the Time and Place of such Meeting; and at every such Meeting One of the said Commissioners present shall be appointed Chairman, and all Questions and Matters shall be determined by the Votes of the greater Number of the Commissioners present, which shall consist of Three or more:and the Chairman shall not only have a single Vote, but in case of Equality of Votes shall have the decisive or casting Vote; and all Proceedings at such Meetings shall be entered in a Book and signed by the Commissioners present, or the major Part of them, or by the Chairman of such Meetings.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners at a Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act shall and may from time to time appoint a Clerk for assisting in the Execution of this Act, or for executing any Rules, Orders or Regulations to be made in pursuance of the same, with such Salaries or Allowances, to be paid out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, as shall be thought reasonable by the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them, and likewise may from time to time remove such Clerk and appoint any other in his room:Provided'always, that every such Clerk shall be reimbursed out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act all such Costs, Charges and Expences as he shall be put unto or become chargeable with by reason of his being made a Plaintiff or Defendant, as hereinafter mentioned.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make such Order or Orders for the erecting, building, repairing, purchasing, providing and furnishing in the City of, any proper House, with suitable Offices and Accommodations, for the Residence of His Majesty's Judges at the Assizes for the said County, with their Officers and Attendants, and for transacting the Business usually done and transacted at the Lodgings of His Majesty's Judges during the Assizes, as to the said Commissioners shall from time to time appear expedient and necessary, and for the paying, discharging and defraying of all the Expences, Costs and Charges of and attending the erecting, building, purchasing, repairing, providing and furnishing of the same, and the effecting and carrying into execution of the several Purposes of this Act, by and out of the public Stock or County Rates of the several Ridings, in such Proportions and subject to such Restrictions and Provisions as are hereinafter contained.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby authorized and empowered from time to time to treat, contract and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments which they shall judge to be proper and necessary for the Purposes of this Act, for the Purchase thereof; and by and out of the said public Stock and County Rates of the said Ridings to pay or cause to be paid for the Purchase of such Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be agreed upon between such Owners and Persons interested as aforesaid and the said Commissioners, and also the Costs and Charges attending such Agreement and Purchase as

aforesaid.

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III.

C, xxxi *

667

aforesaid, and that upon Payment of the Money agreed to be paid for the Purchase of any such Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, their Surveyors, Workmen or Agents, at any Time hereafter, to take Possessson of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments; and that the Whole and every Part thereof shall be and the same are hereby declared to be vested in the aforesaid Five Commissioners and their Successors, for the Purposes of this Act:

Provided always, that the High Sheriff of the County of for Power to enter

the time being shall, within Eight Days previous to any Assizes to the said be held for the same County of York, have full Liberty and Per- Premises, &c* mission by himself or his Under Sheriff to enter upon and occupy the said House, Hereditaments and Premises appropriated for the Accommodation of His Majesty's Judges as aforesaid, and also of the Furniture and Utensils in the same, in order that he may prepare and make ready the same for the Reception of His Majesty's Judges as aforesaid, the Commissioners aforesaid or their Clerk delivering to the said Sheriff or his Under Sheriff an Inventory or Schedule of all Furniture and Articles of Household Use appertaining to the said House and Premises; and the said Sheriff to be accountable for the due Care and Redelivery of the same, all reasonable Damage or Loss and Wear and Tear excepted.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Amount of Money to be expended in the purchasing, building, erecting, pro- Money to be viding, fitting up and furnishing such House, Buildings, Offices, expended in Accommodations, Furniture and Appurtenances, shall not exceed purchasing the Sum of Six thousand Pounds; Two thousand seven hundred Houscsj and eighty seven Pounds Ten Shillings thereof to be raised in the

West Riding, One thousand eight hundred and Sixty two Pounds Ten Shillings in the North Riding, and One thousand three hundred and fifty Pounds in the East Riding of the said County of York, or in such Proportions in case the Whole of such Sum of Six thousand Pounds shall not be wanted for such Purpose as aforesaid; and such Sums or such Proportions thereof as shall be wanted for the Purposes of this Act, and also such Sum of Money . as shall be necessary for the defraying all the Costs, Charges and Expences of obtaining this Act, over and above the said Sum of Six thousand Pounds as aforesaid, and all future Sums which may hereafter be wanted for the Purposes of this Act, shall be assessed, How to be raised, levied and collected in like Manner, and by all such Ways, levied.

Means, Powers and Authorities, and in such Proportions, as any Rates are now assessed, raised, levied or collected for the repairing the Castle of York.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate &c. enabled to or Sole, and all Husbands, Trustees or Feoffees in Trust, Ex- sell> &c* ecutors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees, and all other

Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Femes Covert,

Lunatics, Idiots or other Person or Persons whomsoever, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or any ways interested in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person or Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised,

possessed

668

C. xxxi.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

possessed of, or any ways interested in any of such Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, to treat, contract and agree with the said Commissioners, as well for the Sale of such Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, and their Interests therein, or any Part thereof, and to sell and convey the same to the Commissioners for the time being, or any Person or Persons in Trust for them, and in such Manner as they the said Commissioners shall direct, and as Occasion shall require; and all Contracts, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage or other Matter to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; and all and every such Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Husbands, Trustees, Feoffees, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees and all other Persons, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue of this Act. Application of X. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid Compensation or agreed or awarded to be paid for the Purchase of any Houses, n amounting to j$uiidings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments purchased, taken 20of.Cee or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes

thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee or other Trustee, or for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot, Feme Covert or other Cestuique Trust, or to any Person or Persons whose Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments are limited in strict and other Settlements, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Commissioners under this Act for the time being, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction, and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order, made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Commissioners shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affecting other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments standing settled therewith, to the same or the like Uses, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken or used, as aforesaid stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such

Purchase

A.D. 1806. 46° GEO. III. C. xxxi.

Purchase shall be made, the same Monies shall, by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be invested by the feaid Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum

Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from time to time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Houses, Buildings, Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments purchased, taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houses,

Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, Idiotcy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option of Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by any Two or more of the said Commissioners, such Nomination and Appointment to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties, in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or the Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where Application

such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next beforemen- '*’here tl?e tioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such less

Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents

and Profits of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall think fit; or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or In case of Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded not making for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be out Titles-

purchased

669

Application of Compensation when less than 2001. and exceeding or equal to 20l.

670

Where any Question shall arise touching the Title to Money to be paid, the Person who shall be in possession of the Houses, &c. at the Time of such Purchase shall be deemed entitled thereunto according to such Possession, unless, &c.

C. xxxi. 46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806'.

purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the same, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments theni],

subject to the Order, Controul and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the same Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the same is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of, in the Name and with

the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right or Interest in any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

46° GEO. III. C. xxxi.

671

A.D. 1806.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied to the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Commissioners out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, who shall from time to time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or the Commissioners for the time being (in case any other Person or Persons hath or have been appointed to fill up any Vacancy that may have arisen by Death or Cession of any of such above named Commissioners) shall, so soon as the Purchase of such Messuage, Hereditaments and Premises shall be completed, and the same shall have been furnished and put into a proper State for the Reception of His Majesty's Judges as aforesaid, report the same to the Magistrates of the Three Ridings, who shall be assembled at the then next General Assize Meeting for the said County of York; and that it shall be lawful for the said Justices so assembled, or the major Part of them, to nominate and appoint the said Five Commissioners to continue as a Standing Board of Commissioners for the further Execution of this Act, or to nominate and appoint any such other or others as shall to the Magistrates then assembled or the major Part of them be thought fit.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the said House, Building, Offices and Accommodations, with the Appurtenances, together with all Furniture therein so to be provided as aforesaid, and the Lands or Hereditaments so to be purchased as aforesaid, and every Matter and Thing appertaining or in any wise relating thereunto or to any of them, shall at all Times from and after the same shall have been so reported to be finished, fitted up and furnished, be vested in, and the same are hereby declared -to be vested in perpetual Succession in the said Commissioners and their Successors.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to raise such further Sum over and above the aforesaid Sum of Six thousand Pounds, if necessary, as shall be required to defray the Costs, Charges and Expences incident to the soliciting, obtaining and passing of this Act; and such further Sums shall be levied and raised out of the public Stock or County Rates of the said Ridings in such Proportions as aforesaid, and shall be paid by the Treasurers of the said Riding by and under the Order of the said Commissioners or the major Part of them in Manner aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever such House, Building, Offices or Accommodations shall require Alterations, or shall become out of Repair, or any Furniture thereto belonging

shall

The Court of Chancery may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to be paid by the Trustees.

Commissioners to report.

House, Building, &c. vested in Commissioners.

Expences of the Act.

Commissioners to direct the Repairs.

672

C. xxxi.

46° GEO. III.

To allow a Compensation to take care of the Houses, &c. and to insure.

Commissioners may sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk.

Persons good Witnesses though charged to County Rates.

A.Da&Od

shall become unfit for the Use of the said Judges, then and in such Case the said Commissioners shall annually, or from time to time as the same may become necessary, ' direct the making of such Repairs and Supply of all Matters, Things and Furniture, wanted from time to time, and the Discharge of all Taxes and Demands upon the said Lands, Buildings and Hereditaments, and any other, Purposes appertaining to the same; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, and they are hereby authorized to direct that such Sum or Sums as shall be expended in Repairs or Supply of such Matters, Things or Furniture as may from time to time become necessary as aforesaid, to be defrayed in T3ueh Proportions as aforesaid by the respective Treasurers of the several Ridings of the said County, out of any Money in their Hands of any County Rate, or to make any Rate for that Purpose, which shall therefore be raised and levied in the same Manner and Proportions as are hereinbefore directed as to the aforesaid Sum of Six thousand Pounds; and the respective Treasurers of the said several Ridings are hereby authorized and required to pay any Sum of Money so ordered by such Commissioners, and such Order shall be a sufficient Authority or Discharge to them for such Money; and that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or the major Part of them to appoint a proffer Person with a competent Salary and Allowance to take care of the said Buildings, Tenements and Hereditaments, and to have the Charge of the Furniture being in the said House; and also, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to insure the said Buildings, Tenements and Hereditaments from Fire, and to order the Sum or Sums of Money so to be expended, and all Charges incident thereto, to be defrayed and paid out of the said County Rates, in the Manner and Proportions aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for the time being may sue and be sued for or in respect of any Claim, Contract or other Matter or Thing made or done, or to be made or done by them, or any of them, under the Authority of this Act, in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity, in the Name of their Clerk for the time being; and that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by or against the said Commissioners, or any of them, by virtue of this Act, in the Name of the said Clerk for the time being, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk, or by any Act of the said Clerk for the time being, done without the Consent of the said Commissioners for the time being, but that such Clerk for the time being shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant, in such Action or Suits nominally, but to be carried on and defended under the Direction of the Commissioners hereinbefore appointed, and the Expence to be by them ordered to be defrayed in like Manner as the other Charges under this Act; and the said Houses, Buildings, Offices, Furniture and Appurtenances, and all Furniture, Articles, Matters and Things therein or thereunto belonging, shall’ in any Indictment or Indictments be laid, and alleged and described to be the Property of the said Commissioners for the time being, and under the Style and Description of The Commissioners for providing a House

and Accommodations for His Majesty s, at the Assizes for

the County of York; provided also, that in all and every Action or

19 Actions,

A.3M806.

40° GEO. III. C. xxxi — xxxvi

673

Actions, Suit or Suits, to be brought and commenced as aforesaid, no Person or Persons whomsoever shall be deemed incompetent to give Evidence by reason of his, her or their paying or contributing towards the public Stock of the several Ridings of the said County, or by" reason of his, her or their being charged with or liable to pay any of the County Rates of the said Ridings.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance or by virtue of this Act, after Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, or Cause of Action accrued, for which such Action or Suit shall be so brought; and the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. xxxii.

An Act for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement and Delivery of Coals within the several Parishes lying between the Parishes of Egham and,

both inclusive, in the County of Surrey. () [23d May 1806.]

[Repealed, 47 G. 3. se 2. c. lxviii. § 3.]

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts made in the Fifth and Twenty fifth Years of King George the Second, and in the Third, Eighteenth and Forty first Years of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York.

[23d May 1806.]

[This Act to continue in force during the Continuance of 41 G.3. U.K. c. lxix. — One half of former Duty repealed,

3 G.4. c.xxii.]

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act for erecting a Pier, and other Works, for the Improvement of the Harbour of Porthdinlleyn in Carnarvon, in the County of Carnarvon.

[23d May 1806.]

[The Porthdinlleyn Harbour Company incorporated and empowered to raise Money and collect ]

Cap. xxxv.

An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for improving and rendering more commodious the Port and Harbour of Bristol; and . for extending the Powers and Provisions of the said Act.

[23d 1806]

[See47. G. 3. sess.2. c.xxxiii. — .Company empowered to raise

100,000l. additional, 49 G. 3. c. xvii. — Amended and Powers enlarged, 3 G. 4. c. xxi; and in part repealed, 3 G. 4. c. xxiv.]

46 Geo. III. Xx

Limitation of Actions.

[Public Act.]

5 G.2. c.IT.

25G.2. c. 44.

3 G.3. c. 42. 18 G. 3. c. 20. 41 G.3. c.lxix,

.43 G.3. c.cxl.

6*74

11 G.3. c. 30.

1 G.3. c. 28.

35 G.3. c. 80.

16 G.3. 25.

C. xxxvi — xli. 46°. GEO. III. A.D. 18C)6.

Cap. xxxvi.

An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act cleansing and lighting the

Streets of the Town of South Leith, Territory Saint

Anthony *s and Yardheads, thereunto, and for supplying

the several Parts thereof voith Fresh, and for the better

regulating the Police of the said Town and Territory, and of the Town of North Leith, Coalhill and Citadel, and for other Purposes therein mentioned relating thereto.

[23d May 1806.] [See 3 G.4. xxxii.]

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act for the more speedy and easy Recovery of Small Debts in the Town and Borough of Grimsby, and the Liberties thereof, and in the several Parishes and Places therein mentioned, in the County of Lincoln.

[23d May 1806.]

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act for building a new Gaol for the County of the City of Cork, and for supplying the said Gaol with Water.

[23d May 1806.]

Cap. xxxix.

An Act for better repairing the Streets, Lanes and Passages, within the City of Exeter, and County of the said City, and for amending an Act, passed in the First Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for enlightening the Streets the

City of Exeter and Suburbs thereof, and for the better Regulation of the Watch within the said City and County, and for otherwise improving the same.

[23d May 1806.]

[Repealed except as relates to the ceasing of the Special Ob* ligations to repair, therein mentioned, 50 G. 3. c. cxlvi.]

Cap. xl.

An Act for amending, and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty, for better paving, cleansing and otherwise improving the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln.

[23d May 1806.]

Cap. xli.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty, for lighting and watching the Streets, Lanes and other public Passages and Places, within the Borough of Boston, in the county of ,

and for removing and preventing Nuisances therein.

[23d May 1806.]

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. xlii- — xlviii.

67 5

Cap. xlii.

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching and regulating the Streets, Lanes and other public Passages and Places within the City of Litchfield, and the Suburbs thereof.

[23d May 1806.]

[Amended and explained, 55 . 3. c. xxvii.]

Cap. xliii.

An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watching, repairing and improving, the Roads, Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Borough of, in the County

of Sussex, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Encroachments therein.

[23d May 1806.]

Cap. xliv.

An Act for the more effectual Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Parishes of Buxton, Marsham, Stratton

Strawless, Swanton Abbot, Burgh next,

Brampton and Oxnead, in the County of Norfolk.

[23d May 1806.]

{The Visitors and Guardians of the several Parishes named, incorporated by the Name of The Visitors and Guardians of the Poor of the united Parishes Buxton, Hevingham, " &c. (as in the Title)]

Cap. xlv.

An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Bridge across the River Severn, at Gloucester, called The Westgate, and

for opening convenient Avenues thereto.

[23d May 1806.]

Cap. xlvi.

An Act for repealing Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty 2 G.3. c. 84. fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road 24 G.3. sess.i from Cosham, in the County of Southampton, to the City of- c-32, Chichester, and for more effectually repairing the said Road, (a)

[23d 1806.]

Cap. xlvii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in 20 G. 3. c. 71. Twentieth Year of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing the Roads from Warwick to Paddle Brook, and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon, in the Counties of Warwick and Worcester, and for repealing the Laws then in force relating to the said Roads, (c) [23d May 1806.]

Cap. xlviii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and amending certain Roads in the Counties of Roxburgh and Berwick, and for better regulating the Statute Labour, and making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said County of Roxburgh, (b)

[23d 1806.]

{Former Acts, 8 G. 3. c. 60. and 29 G. 3. c. 7. repealed.]

Xx 2

676

2 G.S. c. 59. 17 G.3. c. 72.

4 G.S. c. 5S. 25 G.S. C. 12S,

26 G.S. C. 1S5.

C.xlix — liv. 4-6° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Cap. xlix.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Seventeenth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Turnpike Road bn F, through Holt and Melksham, to Homans Stile, in the Parish of, in the

County of Wilts, (c) [23d May 1806.]

Cap. 1.

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening and improving the Roads from the City of Gloucester to the Top of Hilly

and from the Foot of the said Hill to the Top of Crickley Hilly in the County of Gloucester. (b)[23d May 1806.] [Former Acts, 1 G.3. c. 30. — continuing 21. —

27 G.S. c. 78. repealed.

Cap. li.

An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Fourth and Twenty fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the High Bridge in Spalding to a certain Place called Goaty

in the County of Lincoln, and from Sutton Sai?it Mary s to Sutton Wash, in the said County, (c) [23d May 1806.]

Cap. lii.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening several Roads leading from and through the Town of in the County of

Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned, and for amending and widening certain other Roads adjoining thereto. (

[23d 1806.]

Cap. liii.

An Act for amending and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Guide Post at the Top of Bank, near the City

of Carlisle, to Westlington Brid, in the County of Cumberland. (a) [23d May 1806.]

Cap. liv.

An Act to enable the Duchess Dowager of, or other the

Guardians for the time being of the infant Children of the Most Noble John Frederick late Duke of Dorset, to execute Leases for long Terms of Years, and to execute Convej^ances of Lands within the Manor of Bexhill, otherwise Beckesley, in the County of Sussex, for working Mines and other Substances within or under the same, and for other the Purposes within mentioned. (q.P.) [23d 1806.]

A.D. 1806. 46° GEO. III. lv — lix. 677

Cap. lv.

An Act for vesting certain undivided Parts or Shares, devised by the Will of Hannah Bedford Widow, of and in several Estates in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, in Trustees, to be sold, and for investing the clear Purchase Monies, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses. (q.P.)

[23d May. 1806.]

Cap. Ivi.

An Act for effecting an Exchange between Sir Edmund Craddock Hartopp Baronet, and Edward Hartopp Esquire, of

Estates in the County of Leicester.

[23a May 1806.]

Cap. lvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of, in the

County of Surrey.

[23d May 1806.]

[In part repealed, 1 & 2 4*. c. lv.]

Cap. lviii.

An Act for maintaining a wooden Bridge over the River, from the City of Glasgow to Hutchinson, in the County of Lanark, (b) [9th June 1806.]

Cap. lix.

An Act to alter and amend several Acts, passed in the Fortieth, 39 & 40 G. 3. Forty fourth and Forty fifth Years of His present Majesty, for c.xlvii. making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the 44 G.s. c.ioo. greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce lviif.

and Revenue, within the Port of London; and for other the Purposes in the said Acts mentioned; and for enlarging the Powers thereby granted to the London Dock Company.

[9th June 1806.]

* WJ WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fortieth Year of His 39 & 40 G.3.

* present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for making Wet c.xlvii.

* Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater -

1 dation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and, , within

* the Port of London: And Whereas an Act was passed in the

* Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An 44 G.3. c.ii.

‘ Act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Exe-

* cution an Act, passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His

* present Majesty, for making Wet DocksBasons, Cuts and other

Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of,

‘ Commerce and Revenue, within the Port o/Xondon: And Whereas

* another Act was passed in the Forty fourth Year of His said

‘ present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for warehousing Goods

X x 3 i within

678

C. lix.

46° CEO. III. A.D. 1806.

44 G.3. c. 100. ----& cui.

45 G.3. c.lviii.

39 & 40 G.3. c. xlvii. §19. as to Time for Tslommation of Directors, repealed, and other Times appointed.

For purchasing certain Houses and Premises, &c.

within the Limits of certain Docks, made under an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present intituled An Act for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port London, ’ and to make Regulations relating to the said Docks: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater -‘ cornmodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue,

* within the Port of London, and for extending the Powers and

* Provisions of the said Act: And Whereas the said Company have

* made great Progress in forming the Docks and in executing the

* other Works by the said Acts, or One of them, authorized and

* directed to be made; but the Whole of the said intended Works

* cannot be completed unless the said Company shall be authorized

* to purchase certain Houses, Lands and Hereditaments conti-

* guous to the present prescribed Limits of the said Docks, and

* which are wanted for the Purpose of carrying the said Acts fully ‘ into Execution: And Whereas the Powers and Provisions of the

* said Acts, or some of them, have been found in some respects

* defective and insufficient; and it is therefore necessary that the

* same should be altered, amended and enlarged, and some further

* Powers granted, to such Extent, and in such Manner as is herein-

* after expressed May it therefore please Your Majesty that it

may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said first recited Act as requires that the Nomination and Appointment of the Directors and Managers of the Concerns of the said Company should be made annually, on the First Wednesday in the Month of July in every Year, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and from and after the passing of this Act the annual Nomination and Appointment of the Directors and Managers of the Concerns of the* said Company may and shall be made on any Day within the first Twenty Days in the Month of in every Year; and Seven Days Notice of the same shall be given by Publication in the London Gazette and Two Daily Newspapers, usually circulated in London for the time being, and by fixing up such Notice at the Royal Exchange, and in the Guildhall of the City of.

il. And be it further enacted, That at any time or times within the Term of Two Years, to be computed from the Expiration of the Term of Five Years, given and limited by the said first recited Act for completing the Purchases thereby authorized to be made, it shall be lawful for the Directors and Managers of the Concerns of the said Company, or any Thirteen or more of them, by themselves or their Agents, to contract and agree for the Purchase, and to take Conveyances of the several Plots of Ground hereinafter described, together with the Erections and Buildings thereon, and the Appurtenances thereto belonging respectively; (that is to say)

19 a Plot

A.D. 1806. 46° GEO. III. lix.

a Plot of Ground on the West Side of Griffin and abutting

East on the said Street North, on Leading Place West, on Fox’s Lane South, and again West on Premises in the Occupation of Messrs. Deluding, and again South on Premises in the Occupation of Messrs. Fletcher and Son; and also a Plot of Ground on the South Side of Wapping Wall, and abutting North thereon, and South on the River Thames, and East on Part of Premises comprized within the present Limits of the London Docks in the Occupation of Messieurs Taylor and Oliver, and West on Premises in the Occupation of George Farbridge; also a Plot of Ground on the North Side of Wapping Wall, and abutting South and East thereof from the West Boundary of Premises in the Occupation of Messrs. Dowding, and North and East on Ground the Property of

the London Dock Company, and again North on the Lower Turning, and West on Sconce's Alley, and on a proposed Line to be drawn from the said Alley to the said Lower Turning, and again South on Premises on the North Side of Wapping Wall, to the aforementioned West Boundary of Messieurs s Premises;

and also Two Plots of Ground on the West Side of Gravel Lane, and abutting East thereon, and abutting North on Worcester Street, West on Broad Street, and South on Johnson and

also a Plot of Ground on the South Side of Wapping Street, and abutting North thereon, South on the River Thames, West on Premises in the Occupation of Charles La and East on Ground the Property of the London Dock Company; and likewise a Plot of Ground on the East Side of Nightingale Lane, and abutting South West thereon, and South East on the Mulberry,

and North East and North West on Premises the Property of the London Dock Company:All which said Plots of Ground are respectively situate in the several Parishes, Hamlets, Divisions, Districts, Precincts, Liberties or Places following; (that is to say,) the Parish of Saint Paul’s Shadwell otherwise called Saint Paul Shadwell alias Chadswell, St George Middlesex, commonly called Saint George in the East, and Saint John of Wapping, all within the Tower Hamlets, in the County of Middlesex; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Ground, together with Eleven Houses and other Buildings now thereon, situate, on the West Side of Russel’s -ings, in the Parish of Saint George in the East, abutting North on Great Hermitage Street, and abutting West on the House No. 61, in the said Street in the Occupation of Britain, and

on the Back of Houses the East Side of Smith’s, and on

Premises No. 70, Wapping Street, in the Occupation of James Green, and abutting South on the said Wapping Street, all which Premises last mentioned are also within the Tower Hamlets, in the said County of Middlesex.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Power of con-Persons and Parties having, or who shall or may have any Estate, veying the Title, Property, Trust, Interest, Claim or Demand whatsoever, in, i>remises to to or out of, or who shall be in the Possession or Occupation of the Company* the said hereinbefore described Premises, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, to make such Conveyances respectively as aforesaid, and to convey to and vest in the said Directors and Managers, or any Thirteen or more of them, for the Purposes of

680

c.lix.

46° GEO. III.

a.d; i80(

39 & 40 G.3. §29.

the said recited Act6 and of this Act, all and singular such Estate, Title, Property, Trust, Interest, Claim or Demand as aforesaid, at and for such Price or Prices as shall be in that Behalf agreed upon, or at such other Price or Prices as shall be in that Behalf ascertained by the Verdict or Verdicts of any Jury or Juries in conformity to the Provisions and Directions contained in the said first recited Act, in relation to the Purchases thereby authorized to be made, and in like Manner, in all respects, as if the Purchases hereby authorized to be made had been authorized to be made in and by the said first recited Act.

IV. And Whereas by the said first recited Act it is (among

* other Things) enacted, that if the said Dock Company should at any Time make an Entrance from the River across Wapping Street at or near Bell Dock into a Bason or Basons within the same, they

* should be compellable to make, set up and maintain in perpetual

4 Repair, a Bridge, Draw Bridge or Swing Bridge, in the Line of Wapping Street, and also on the Wharf or Space between the said

intended Bason or Basons and Dock or Docks, at or nearly ad- joining on the Line of Direction from King -

4dens; towards Tench Street and Old Gravel, so as to preserve the Certainty of constantly passing at all Times to and through Wapping by One of the Bridges being shut at the Time that the

* other may be open: And Whereas, in pursuance of the said Act,

* a Bridge hath been erected in the Line of Wapping Street; but it is found that the Building of a Bridge, at or near the Line of Direction from King Street Sampson s Gardens towards Tench Street and Old Gravel Lane, would be attended with Inconvenience and Detriment to the Public, and would also materially lessen the Security of the Revenue, without answering the Purposes for which the said lastmentioned Bridge was originally de-

* signed and intended to be constructed Be it therefore enacted, Repealed. That so much of the said first recited Act as requires the Erection

of such Bridge at or nearly adjoining the Line of Direction from King’s Street Sampsons Gardens towards Tench Street and Old Gravel Lane, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

V. And, in order to make other Provision for the Accommodation of the Public, in passing to and through Wapping; be it A Foot Bridge further enacted, That the said Company shall and they are hereby

to be erected required, within Nine Calendar Months after the passing of this

at the inner Act, to erect and set up a Foot Bridge at the inner Part of the

Entrance ° Entrance Lock; and which shall be for ever thereafter kept up

Lock. and maintained by the said Company, together with the said Bridge

already erected as aforesaid, for the Use and Convenience of all Persons passing and repassing to and through Wapping.

VI. And Whereas by the said recited Act of the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, Provision was made for the opening and shutting of the Gates of the said Docks at certain Hours daily throughout the Year: And Whereas it is expedient that the Hours so appointed for the opening and shutting of the said DockGates should be altered and other Times appointed in For altering the that Behalf Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said Hours of lastmentioned Act as regulates and appoints, or in any Manner

relates

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III.

C.lix.

681

relates to or depends upon the Hours of opening and shutting of the said Dock Gates, shall, from and after the First Day of next after the passing of this Act, be and the same is hereby repealed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That on and from the said First

Day of July in this present Year, to the Tenth Day of November also in this present Year, both Days inclusive, and from the said Tenth Day of November to the Ninth Day of May then next, both inclusive, and in like Manner from the Tenth Day of November to the Ninth Day of May, both inclusive, in all succeeding Years, at the Hour of Nine in every Morning, and from that Hour to the Hour of Four in every Afternoon; and from the Tenth Day of May to the Ninth Day of November, both inclusive, in every Year after this present Year, at the Hour of Eight in the Morning, and from that Hour to the Hour of Four in the Afternoon (excepting only Sundays, Christmas Days and Good, and also any

Days which shall be appointed by His Majesty's Proclamation for the Purpose of a General Fast or Thanksgiving) the Gates of the said Docks, and the Gates of such of the said Quays or Wharfs as have been or shall be provided for the landing or lading of any Goods or Merchandize, according to the Directions of any Act or Acts of Parliament heretofore passed, or hereafter to be passed, shall he opened, and shall continue open for the Purposes of Business, and at and ddring all other Hours and Times the said Gates respectively shall be shut and locked; and during the several Periods of such Gates being shut and locked as aforesaid, no Person shall be allowed to come into or go out of the said Docks, except through the Wicket described in the said lastmentioned Act, and subject to the Regulations in that Behalf thereby or by Authority thereof established, or to be established from time to time: Provided also, that it shall not be lawful for the said Company to permit any Ships to come into or go out of the said Docks at any other Time than during the Hours and Times hereby appointed for the Gates of the said Docks being kept open for the Purposes of Business as aforesaid, nor to permit any Ship or Vessel to pass or be removed from the Basons of the said Docks into the River before Daylight in the Morning, or after it shall be dark in the Afternoon; any thing in the said last recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company, and they are hereby empowered to erect, make; put up and keep at the Boundary Wall, near the Entrance Lock at Bell Dock, a Wicket Gate of the like Breadth and Height, and to be opened and shut, and kept subject to the same Regulations and Restrictions, as are specified and contained in the said recited Act of the Forty fourth Year aforesaid, for the Wicket Gate therein allowed.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Gate shall be erected or made without the previous Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, signified by their Warrant, which Warrant shall be published at least Three Times in the London Gazette.

opening and shutting the Dock Gates.

Future Hours and Times of opening and shutting Dock Gates.

In what manner Persons allowed to come in and go out of Docks whilst the Gates are shut.

Wicket Gate may be erected at the Boundary Wall near the Entrance Lock at Bell Dock.

Such Gate not to be made without Consent of the Treasury.

682

C. lix.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

The London Dock Company empowered to prosecute as a Company, Felons stealing their Goods, or Goods in their Custody.

44 G.3. c. 100. §6. repealed.

Three Months allowed for Payment of Duties under 44 G.3, c. 100, §6.

X. And be it farther enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said London Dock Company^ and they are hereby empowered to prefer any Indictment or Indictments against any Person or Persons feloniously taking, stealing or embezzling any Goods, Chattels or Property of or belonging to the said Company, or any Goods, Chattels or Property in their Custody or Possession, or m the Custody or Possession of any Officer or Servant of the said Company, or Officer of Customs or Excise, for and on behalf of the said Company, or of any other Person having deposited such Goods, Chattels or Property, in the Care or Custody of the said Company, or their Officers or Servants, or in or on any of the Docks, Wharfs, Warehouses or Premises belonging to the said Company; and in all such Indictments such Goods, Chattels and Property may be laid and stated to be the Goods, Chattels and Property of the said London Dock Company, and that the same were feloniously stolen or embezzled from the said London Dock Company; and it shall be sufficient on any such Indictment to prove that such Goods, Chattels and Property were, at the Time of the feloniously taking or stealing or embezzling thereof, in or on any of the Docks, Wharfs, Warehouses or Premises belonging to the said Company, or in the Custody or Possession of any Officer or Servant of the said Company, or Officer of Customs or Excise, for or on Behalf of the said Company, or of any Person or Persons, or Body Corporate or Politic, having deposited the same with the said Company, without any other Proof of Property.

XI. And Whereas by the said Act, passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it is enacted, that if any Goods or Merchandize, which should be brought into the said Dock, on board of any Ship or Vessel, should not be duly entered with the Customs and Excise respectively within a Time therein limited, then and in every such Case it should be lawful in Manner therein mentioned, to cause such Goods or Merchandize to be forthwith landed and warehoused in the Manner therein expressed; and in case the Duties on such Goods and Merchandize should not be paid and discharged within a certain Period of Thirty Days therein limited, it should be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs, or the proper Officers of Excise, and they were thereby respectively authorized and empowered,

4 to sell and dispose of such Goods or Merchandize, or any Part thereof, for the Purposes and subject to the Regulations therein expressed: And Whereas it is expedient that the said recited Provision of the said lastmentioned Act should be repealed, in so far as relates to the said Period of Thirty Days, and that another Period should be appointed in that Behalf; ’ Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as requires the Payment of the Duties on any Goods and Merchandize hereafter brought into the said Docks to be made within the said Period of Thirty Days, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Period of Three Calendar Months shall be allowed for Payment of the said Duties, such Period of Three Months to be computed from the Time prescribed by the said Act

for

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III.

683

C. lix, lx,

for the Commencement of the said other Period of Thirty Days; and in case the Duties on such Goods and-Merchandize shall not be paid and discharged within the said Period of Three Months, to be computed as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Customs, or the proper Officer of Excise, and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered to sell and dispose of such Goods and Merchandize, or any Part thereof, to answer and satisfy the Duties thereon, rendering the Overplus, if any, of Monies arising by the said Sale, after Payment of any Rates, Charges or Expences which may be due to the said Company, to the Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of such Goods or Merchandize: Provided always, That if a Price cannot be obtained for such Goods or Merchandize equal to the full Amount of the Duties of Customs and Excise thereon respectively, and the Charges of the Sale thereof, then and in such Cases all such Goods and Merchandize shall be effectually or otherwise sold and disposed of in such Manner and for such Purposes, and under Such Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, as the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall from time to time direct.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations and Privileges, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in the said several recited Acts (except so far as the same were respectively repealed, varied or altered before the passing of this Act, and also except so far as the same respectively are hereby repealed, varied or altered) shall extend and be construed to extend to this Act, and to the said Directors and others carrying this Act into Execution, and also to all Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, and Corporations Aggregate or Sole, possessed of or interested in all or any of the Hereditaments hereby authorized to be purchased, and also to the Conveyance of such Hereditaments to and vesting the same in the said Company, and to all other the Matters and Things hereinbefore comprised, or having relation thereto, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same were severally and particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and made Parts thereof, and that the said several recited Acts (except as aforesaid) and this Act shall, as to all Matters and Things whatsoever, be construed as one Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

[See 47 G. 3. sess.2. c. v. — Amen, 49 G. 3. c. clvi. — 50 .

c. cli. — 55 G.3. c.iii.]

Cap. lx.

An Act for more effectually paving and keeping in repair, the Footways and Crosspaths, and lighting and cleansing the Streets, Lanes and other public Passages and Places, within the Town of Uxbridge, in the County of Middles, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for watching and watering the said Town.

[9th 1806.]

Extending the Powers of the said Acts to this Act.

[Public Act.]

25 G.S. c. 16. in part repealed.

46° GEO. III.

684

C. lxi — lxvii.

A.D. 1806.

Cap. lxi.

An Act for repairing the Parish Church of in the

County of Norfolk, and rebuilding the Tower thereof.

[9th 1806.]] [Altered and Powers enla, 3 4. c. xx.]

14G.2. c. 32.

25 G.2. c. 55.

26 G.2. c. 83. 23 G.3. c. 94.. 34 G.3. c. 134.

Cap. lxii.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed for repairing the Roads frorp the Town of Selby to the Town of Leeds, and other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the Roads leading from Leeds to Halifax, and the Roads called Bowling Lane and Little Horton Lane, all in the West Riding of the County of York.

[9th 1806.]

[As to Roads from Selby to Leeds, 39 G. 3. c. xxi.]

Cap. lxiii.

An Act for more effectually improving the Roads from in the County Palatine of Lancaster, through Oldham to

lands, in the Parish of Saddleworth, in the County of York, and from Oldham to Ashton under Lyne, and from Oldham to the Village of Royton, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster* (b)

[9th June 1806.] [. Former Act, 39 G. 3. c. xxv.

Cap. lxiv.

An Act for effecting an Exchange between the Right Honourable William Viscount Lowther and the Devises under the Will of the

Right Honourable James late Earl of Lonsdale, and to enable the said William Viscount Lowther to enfranchise certain Copy-hold or Customary Lands, Parcel or holden of certain Manors in the Counties of Westmorland and Cumberland, devised by the said Will, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, (q. P.) [9th 1806.]

Cap. lxv.

An Act for vesting certain Estates in or near Sweeting's Alley, in the City of London (Part of the Estates devised by the Wills of Ann Cheslyn and Frances CheslynSpinsters) in Trustees, in Trust to sell the same; and for laying out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates so sold. (q. P.) [9th 1806.]

Cap. lxvi.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Isle of Wight, in the County of Southampton.

[13th June 1806.]

Cap. lxvii.

An Act for better paving, lighting, cleansing, watching and otherwise improving the City of Norwich.[13th 1806.] [10 Ann. c. 6. § 1. Pr. repealed, as to the lighting Norwich

only.]

A.D. 1806. 46° GEO. III. C.lxviii — lxxiv.

Cap. lxviii.

An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for rebuilding the Tower of the Parish Church of Saint Peter, in the Borough and Liberty of Saint Alban, in the County of Hertford, together with the Chancel thereof, and for more effectually repairing the said Parish Church.

[13th 1806.

Cap. lxix.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Dunchurch to Hillmorton, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to Saint James's End, in the Parish of in the County of

Northampton. (a) [13th 1806.]

[Former Act21 G.3. 106. repealed.']

Cap. lxx.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from the North West Parts of the County of Lincoln, through Nettleham, Wragby Lane and Baumber Fields, to the North East Part of the

said County, and other Roads therein described, in the said County, (a.) [13th June 1806.]

[Former Acts, 12 G. 2. c. 10. — 32 2. 44. — 20

repealed.]

Cap. lxxi.

An Act for altering, amending and consolidating several Acts, so far as the same relate to the Road from Renfrew to Greenock, and from Kilbarchan to InchinnanBridge, in the County of Renfrew, (b) [13th 1806.]}

[30 G.2. c. 57.-32 G.3. c. 121 — 37 3. c. 162. repealed

in part. — Continued for 21 Years, &c. as to Roads under 52 G. 3. c.lv.]

Cap. lxxii.

An Act for vesting certain Estates, devised by the Will of Sir George Saville Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses. (q. P.) [13th June 1806.]

Cap. lxxiii.

An Act for inclosing and embanking Lands in the Parishes of Llandwrog, Llanwnda and Llanfa, in the County of Carnarvon. (q. P.) [13th June 1806.]

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act for opening and improving certain Streets in the City of Glasgow, and for removing the Slaughter Houses in the said City to a more convenient Situation.

[20th 1806.]

43 G.

C. lxxv — lxxx.

46° GEO. III.

A.D. 1806.

686

lxxv.

An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Harbour of Ardrossan, in the County of Apr, to Trades town, near Glasgow, in the county of , and a collateral Cut

from the said Canal to the Coalworks at in the County

of Renfrew.

[20th June 1806.]

[The Company of Proprietors of the Glasgow, Paisley dnd Ardrossan Canal in. — See as to Ardrossan bour, 45 G. 3. c. xxx.]

Cap. lxxvi.

ioG.2. c. 15. An Act to alter, explain, amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His late Majesty, to enable the Proprietors and Inhabitants of the Houses in Red Lion Square, in the county of , to make a Rate on them-

selves for raising Money sufficient to inclose, pave, watch, clean and adorn the said Square.

[20th June 1806.]

Cap. lxxvii.

An Act for more effectually maintaining, regulating and employing the Poor within the Parish of Saint, in the County

of Middlesex, and for cleansing and lighting the Squares, Streets

and other Passages and Places, and for keeping and regulating a nightly Watch within such Parts of the said Parish as are not within the Liberty of the Tower of London.

[20th June 1806.] [16 G. 3. c. 15. repealed. — Amended as to the Poor 54 G. 3. c. lxxvii.]

Cap. lxxviii.

An Act for allotting Lands in the Parishes of Sparham and -

ford, in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.) [20th June 1806.]

Cap. lxxix.

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Saint Andrew Lord Saint John in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Purchase Monies arising therefrom, and the Purchase Monies of Part of the said Estates already sold under a Power of Sale, in paying off an Incumbrance upon such Estates, and for investing the Residue of such Monies, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the former Uses. (q. P.)

[20th» 1806.]

Cap. lxxx.

An Act for vesting certain Parts of the Estates, devised by the Will of the Right Honourable Marmaduke late Lord Langdale, in the County of York, and limited to other Uses by the Settlement made previous to the Marriage of the Honourable William Stourton with Catherine his Wife, in Trustees, upon Trust, to sell the same, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the subsisting Uses, limited by the said Will and Settlement, (q. P.)

[20th 1806.]

A.D. 1806'. 46° GEO. III. C.lxxxi — lxxxiv.

Cap. lxxxi.

An Act for vesting several yearly Rents and Fines payable to the Lord Bishop of Durham, in Trustees, to be sold, and for enabling the Lord Bishop of D, and his Successors, to enfranchise certain Copyhold or Customary Estates holden of Manors belonging to the See of, and for applying the

Monies thence arising in the Purchase of Freehold Estates, to be settled upon the said Lord Bishop and his Successors, (q. P.)

[20th 1806.]

Cap. lxxxii.

An Act for vesting Part of the Real Estates devised by the Will and Codicils of Henry Lee Warner Esquire, deceased, in new Trustees, during the Term of Five hundred Years, upon certain Trusts, created by the said Will and Codicils, and for authorizing, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the High Court of Chancery, the Sale of Estates lately belonging to the said Henry Lee Warner, which are situate in the Counties of Wilts, Somerset, Northampton and Kent, and in the City and County of the City of Canterbury, and for applying the clear Surplus of the Purchase Monies under the Direction of the said Court, in the Payment of Debts and Incumbrances affecting the Real Estates late of the said Henry Lee, or in the Purchase of Estates in the county of , to be settled to the

Uses of the Estates so sold. (q. P.) [20th June 1806.]

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Act to extend the Powers given to and vested in the Trustees of certain Lands in Manchester, Crumpsall and, in the County of Lancaster, called Cla Charity, by an Act

made in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the Trustees of certain Lands Manchester, Crumpsall and Tetlow, the County of Lancaster, called Clarke’s Charity Lands, to make Leases for Years upon Rack Rents, and also to grant Building and make -

veyances in Fee of and upon all or any Part of the said Lands under reserved Yearly Rents, (q. P.) [20th June 1806.]

Cap. lxxxiv.

An Act for enabling the Guardians of Francis Outran, an Infant, or of the Persons for the time being entitled to the Freehold in Possession of the Moiety of certain Estates situate in or near Axicoats Lane, Manchester, in the County Palatine of,

during their Minorities, to carry into Execution certain Contracts entered into with the several Persons therein named for Sale of Part thereof, and also for enabling such Guardians to convey the Residue in Fee Simple for building upon, reserving

- Rents or to make Building Leases thereof, or to join with the Owners for the time being of the other Moiety of the same Estates in carrying into Execution such Contracts, and in making such Conveyances or Leases respectively, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, (q. P.) [20th June 1806.]

35 G.3. Pr.

688

22 G.2. c. 47. 32 G.2. c. 6.

si G.2. c. 23. An Act to explain, amend and extend the Powers and Provisions of an Act, passed in the Thirty first Year of His late Majesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Western Division of the Hundred of Jin the County of Surrey.

[3d July 1806.]

u Jurisdiction of the Court extended to — Three Commissioners to determine on Debts not exceeding 40s. and Five on li those not exceeding 5l. — § 1 & 2. — Regulations of 26 G. 3. c. 38.

(t extended to this Act. § 19.

[Sec. 14, 15 and 25 of this Act are similar to 13, 14 and 24 of the preceding Chaplxxxvii.]

lxxxix.

An Act for the better Relief, Maintenance and Employment of the Poor within the Parish of Saint Mary, in the

County of Middlesex; for cleansing and lighting the Squares, and other Passages and Places, and keeping a Nightly Watch, for raising Money for repairing the Highways in certain Parts of the said Parish; and for raising Money to repair the Church of the said Parish.

[3d 1806.]

[3 G. 3. c. 53. repealed. — 12 G. 3. c. 102. and 3 G. 3. c. 58. in Part repealed.']

xc.

35 G.3. c. 73. An Act for altering and amending an Act, made in the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for watching, paving, cleansing and lighting the Parish of in the County of

Middlesex, and for the better Relief and Maintenance of the Poor thereof.

[3d 1806.]

\_Amended and Powers extended} 3 G. 4. c. lxxxiv.]

G lxxxv — xc. 46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Cap. lxxxv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Grist an, in the County of Norfolk.(q. P.) [20th 1806.]

Cap. lxxxvi.

An Act for confirming and establishing a Division and Inclosure of the Open Fields in the Parish of Moundford, in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.) [3d July 1806.]

Cap. lxxxvii.

An Act to explain, amend and render more effectual Two Acts, passed in the Twenty second and Thirty second Years of His late Majesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Town and Borough of, and the se-

veral Parishes and Places in the said Acts mentioned.

[3d July 1806.]

Cap. lxxxviii.

46" GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

C. xci — xcvii. 680

Cap. xci.

An Act to provide a Fund for repairing and improving the Harbour of Dunbar, and other Public Works within the Burgh of

Dunbar.

[3d July 1806.]

[Small Duties on Beer and Spirituous and an Assess-

ment on Rents, and certain Duties on Importation and Exportation, granted and made payable to the Magistrates and Town Council of the Burgh of Dunbar, for the Purposes of this Act.']

Cap. xcii.

S G 3 c 38

An Act for improving the Birmingham Canal Navigation. Q off

[3d July 1806.] gaS. [See 51 G. 3. c. cv. — 55 G.3. c.xl. — 58 3. c. xix.]

24 G.3. sess.2. c. 4.

34 G.3. c. 87.

Cap. xciii.

An Act for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the 43 G. 3. c.xxxv. Croydon, Merfham and Godstone Iron Railway to complete the amended, same, [3d 1806.]

Cap. xciv.

An Act for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Surrey Iron Railway to complete the same.

[3d July 1806.] [See 41 G. 3. (U. K.) c. xxxiii. — 10,000l. additional, 45 G. 3. c. v.]

Cap. xcv.

An Act for more effectually draining and preserving certain Fen Lands lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, between Brandon River and Sam’s Cut Drain.

[3d 1806.]

[30 G.2. c. 35. r

Cap. xcvi.

An Act for altering, amending and rendering more effectual Two 22 G.2. c.ll. Acts, of the Twenty second Year of King George the Second, 17 G*3* c. 65. and the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, so far as re- 50 G'3, c, xlvi< late to draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the Parishes of Sutton, Mepal, Witcham Chatteris, and a Place called Byal Fen, in the of Ely, and

County of Cambridge, and for adding thereto certain other Fen Lands in Sutton and Chatteris, lying contiguous to the Lands described in the said Acts.

[3d July 1806.]

Cap. xcvii.

An Act to enable the several Persons therein named to dispose of several Houses in Pickett Street, Temple Bar, in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of and in

Skinner Street, Snow Hill; and on Snow Hill, and in Fleet Market, in the Parish of Saint Sepulchre, in the City of London. by Lottery.

[3d July 1806.]

46 Geo. III. Y y

690

C. xcvii — ciii.

46? GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

17 G.3. c. 101.

2 G.3. c. 73. 26 G.3. c. 159.

4 G.3. c. 47. 25 G.3. c. 126.

5 G.2. c. 18.

9 G.2. c, 24.

3 G.3. c. 33. (Irish Acts) in part repealed.

7 G.l. stat. 1. c. 24.

15G.2. c. 5. 24 G.2. c. 32. 19 G.3. c. 83. repealed as to the first District.

32 G.2. c. 7l. 14 G.3. c. 98.

" Recital of Acts for improving Streets; viz. 35 G. 3. c. 126. —

" 38 G.3. c. lxi. — 39 &40 G. 3. c. xlii. — 42 G. 3. c. lxxiii. and

u 44 G. 3. c.xxvii; and the Progress made in purchasing and

" building under the said recited Acts; that the Disposal of certain new built Houses is necessary to the Completion of the " Progress of recited Acts. — 300,000£. allowed to be raised by " the Sale of such Houses by Lottery, on Behalf of the Corporation " of London.

[Powers amended and enlarged, 49 G. 3. c. lxx. — 52 G. 3. c. clxxv.]

Cap. xcviii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the North Side of Cavendish in the

County of Derby, through the Town of to

in the said County, (c) [3d 1806.]

Cap. xcix.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from a certain Bridge, called James Deeping Stone to

Gate, in Stamfordin the County of Lincoln, and from thence

to the South End of the Town of in the County of

Rutland, (c) [3d 1806.]

Cap. c.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Fourth and Twenty fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the End of Stanbridge Lane, in the Parish of Romsey, to the Turnpike Road at Middle Wallop, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Southampton, (c)

[3d 1806.]

Cap. ci.

An Act for amending and repairing of the Road leading from the Town of Kilcullen, in the County of Kildare, to the Town of

Carlow. (a) [3d 1806.]

Cap. cii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road leading from the West End of the Town of Beaconsfield, in the County of Buckingham, to within Half a Mile of the River Colne, near Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, (a)

[3d 1806.]

Cap. ciii.

An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts, passed in the Thirty second Year of King George the Second, and in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein described, so far as the said Acts relate to the District of Road between Pateley Bridge and Grassington, in the . County of York, (a) [3d 1806.]

[See Cap. vii. ante.~\

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. civ — cix.

691

Cap. civ.

An Act for effecting the Sale of certain Real Estates, and of cei> tain Leasehold Tythes, late of Esquire, de-

ceased, and for apnlying the Purchase Monies in discharge of Incumbrances, and for laying out the Surplus, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the former Uses. (q. P.)

[3d July 1806.]

Cap. cv.

An Act for ascertaining the Farms and Lands in the Parish of Inglishcombe, in the county of , of which the Great

Tythes shall be paid to or taken by the Vicar for the time being of that Parish, (q. P.) [3d July 1806.]

Cap. cvi.

An Act for vesting Part of the devised Estates of Thomas,

of Coleby, in the County of Lincoln, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the clear Purchase Monies, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses. (q. P.) £3d July 1806.]

Cap. cvii.

An Act for inclosing and draining Lands in the Honor, Manor and Parish of Wormegay, in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.)

[3d 1806.]

LIV. AND be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully and maliciously cut, damage, break down, demolish or destroy any Bank, Mill, Engine, Dam, Floodgate, Bridge, Dike, Sluice or Tunnel, which is or are already made, or which shall at any Time hereafter be made or erected, supported, maintained or used for the Purposes of this Act, every Person so offending, and being convicted thereof, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and the Court, before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm; or in Mitigation of such Punishment, s, uch Court may, if they think fit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny.

Cap. cviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Ne'wby, in the County of Westmorland.(q. P.) [3d July 1806.]

[And for making Compensation for Tythes."]

Cap. cix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of, in the

County of Westmorland, (q. P.) [3d JwA/ 1806.]

[And for making Compensation for Tythes."]

Yy 2

Destroying

Works.

Punishment.

692

C. cx — cxiii.

46° GEO. III.

A.D. 1806.

45 G5.

«. cxxvi.

Cap. cx.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of, in the

County of Bedford, (q. P.) [3d 1806.]

[And for making Compensation for

Cap. cxi.

An Act for extinguishing all Right of Common over certain Parcels of Land in the Parish of Chiswick, in the County of Middlesex. (q. P.) [3d 1806.]

[See 54 G. 3. lxix.]

Cap. cxii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Holme Cult-ram, in the County of Cumberland.

[3d July 1806.]

Cap. cxiii.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for the further Improvement of the Port of London, by making Docks and other Works at Blackmail, for the Accommodation of the East India Shipping in the said Port.

[12th July 1806.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty third Year of the

* Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the ‘ further Improvement of the Port of London, by making Docks ‘and other Works at Blackwall, ybr the Accommodation of the East India Shipping in the said Port, certain Persons therein named, ‘ and their several and respective Successors, Executors Admin-‘ istrators and Assigns, were united into a Company or As-

* sociation of Proprietors, by the Style and Firm of The East India

* Dock Company, for the Purpose of making the said Docks, Basons

* and other Works, and for otherwise carrying the several Powers ‘ and Authorities of the said Act into Execution: And Whereas ‘ as the said Company of Proprietors have proceeded in the Exe-

cution of the said recited Act, but for the more effectual Exe-

* cution of the Intention of the said recited Act, and for rendering greater Accommodation to the East India Company and to

* their Shipping, it is expedient that certain of the Powers and

* Provision s of the said recited Act should be altered and en- larged, and that the said East India Dock Company should have ‘ Power to increase their Capital or Joint Stock: And Whereas

* it would be attended with great Benefit to the Interest of the ‘ Owners of the East India Shipping, and of the East India Company, and be the Means of preventing the Plunder or Pillage, not

* only of their Stores and Cargoes respectively, but also of pri-‘ vate Property, if the East India Dock Company were permitted

not only to receive within the said Docks, Basons and other ‘ Works, the Cargoes of the homeward bound Ships, but also to ‘ land such Cargoes on the Wharfs and Quays to be built along ‘ the Sides or Banks of such Docks, Basons and other Works, and ‘ were permitted to load from their Wharfs and Quays within the

said Docks, Basons and other Works, the several Goods and t Stores on board the outward bound Ships, and to do all such

19 Matters

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. cxiii.

693

(Matters and Things as may be necessary for the Convenience ‘ and Accommodation of the East India Shipping; and if the said Quays and Wharfs, so to be made and built by the said Company

* -of Proprietors, were declared to be Legal Quays and Wharfs for (the landing, relanding and discharging, lading and Shipping of ‘ Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and if the said East India Dock ‘ Company were enabled to employ the Means necessary for land-

* ing, loading, moving and removing all such Goods, Wares and

* Merchandize, and also the Stores, and other Articles and Things

* belonging to the said ShippingBut as such several Purposes cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, and all and every Powers of the Clauses, Powers, Exemptions, Rules, Remedies, Regulations, 43 G.3. Penalties, Forfeitures, Articles, Matters and Things whatsoever tended to^his therein contained (save and except such Parts of the same as are ^ct hereby varied, altered or repealed) shall be and the same is and are

hereby declared to be in full Force and Effect, and shall be as good, valid and effectual for carrying the several Purposes of this Act into Execution, in as full, ample and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited 4<? G. 3.

Act as requires that Two General Meetings of the said Company c* cxxv*: §

of Proprietors should be holdea in each and every Year, whereof General^eet-One Meeting should be holden on the Second Monday in the ingsrepealed. Month of January and the other on the Second Monday in the and other Day Month of July, in each and every Year, shall be and the same is appointed, hereby repealed; and, from and after the passing of this Act^such Two General Meetings of the said Company of Proprietors shall be holden, One thereof on some Day in the Month of and the other on some Day in the Month of July, in each and every Year; and of such respective General Meetings Seven Days?

Notice shall be given by Publication in the London, and

in Two or more Morning Newspapers usually circulated in the City of London; and by Writing affixed in the Royal Exchange in London; and all Matters and Things directed to be done and executed by the said recited Act, at such respective General Meetings to be holden on the Second Mondays in the said respective Months of January and July, shall and may be holden, and shall and may be done and executed on any Day within the Months respectively in which such Meetings are by the said recited Act required to be holden, and such Matters and Things directed to be done and executed.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may Directors may be lawful to and for any Five or more of the said Directors of the call a General East India Dock Company, when and as often as they shall judge MeetinS *

it expedient or necessary that a General Meeting of the said Company should be holden for carrying any of the Purposes of the said recited Act or of this Act into Execution, to call such General Meeting, by giving Notice thereof in Writing to be affixed on the

Yy 3

694

C. cxiii.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Company may increase their Capital or Joint Stock.

Such additional Capital to be considered as Part of the Capital or Joint Stock.

43 G. 3. c. cxxvi. as to calls upon Subscribers in force:

Royal Exchange in London, and by inserting such Notice in the London Gazette, and in Two or more Morning Newspapers circulated in London, and such General Meeting shall be holden at such Time and Place, within the City of, as they the said

Directors, giving such Notice, shall judge expedient, such Time not being more than Ten Days, nor less than Five, after such Notices so given; and every such Notice shall specify the Purpose or Purposes for which such Meeting is to be holden; and such Meeting shall be and-be deemed to be a General Meeting of the said East India Dock Company; and all Proceedings thereat, relative to the Purpose or Purposes specified in such Notices, shall be and be deemed to be good, valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, for the better and more effectual carrying into Execution the several Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, at any extraordinary General Meeting or Meetings to be especially called for that Purpose, in Manner by the said recited Act or this Act directed, to increase and augment the Capital or Joint Stock, which by the said recited Act they are enabled to raise, with any further Sum of Money not exceeding One hundred thousand Pounds, as to the Majority of the Proprietors present at such Meeting or Meetings shall be deemed necessary and expedient; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to raise such further Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, by Contribution amongst themselves, or by the Admission of any new Subscriber or Subscribers, or by such other Ways and Means as to the Majority of the Proprietors present at such Meeting or Meetings shall seem right and proper.

V. And be it further enacted, That all such additional Capital or Joint Stock to be raised by virtue of this Act shall be considered as Part of the Capital or Joint Stock of the said Company, and shall be under and subject to the same Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Directions and Management, in all Respects, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same had been Part of the said Capital or Joint Stock directed to be raised by virtue of the said recited Act; (save and except as to the Time or Times of making any Call or Calls for the said additional Capital or Joint Stock directed to be raised by virtue of this Act, and save and except as to the Amount of any such Call or Calls, which Time and Times, and the Amount of such Call and Calls respectively, shall from Time to Time be appointed by the said Directors, or any Five or more of them; ) and all the Provisions, Rules, Regulations and Clauses, save and except as herein excepted, contained in the said recited Actv with respect or in relation to the several Calls to be made for the said Capital or Joint Stock to be thereby raised, and to the Recovery thereof, or of any Arrears thereof, and to the Forfeiture of any Sum or Sums advanced, by reason of any Refusal or Neglect to comply with any such Call or Calls, shall be applicable to and shall be in full Force and Effect, as to the several Calls to be made for the said additional Stock to be raised by virtue of this Act.

VI. Pro,

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. cxiii.

695

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, to make any Calf or Calls for such additional Capital or Joint Stock, or any Part or Parts thereof, in such Proportions, and at such Time or Times as shall be agreed upon by the said Company of Proprietors at any of their General Meetings to be holden in the Manner herein directed; any Thing in the said recited Act or this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Assignment or Transfer of any of the said Capital Stock shall be permitted to be made or entered into the Transfer Books of the said India Dock Company, of or concerning any smaller Sum of the Capital Stock of the said Company heretofore subscribed, or hereafter to be subscribed as aforesaid, than Fifty Pounds thereof; and every Assignment or Transfer of such Capital Stock, which shall or may at any Time or Times hereafter be made for any less Sum of the said Capital Stock than Fifty Pounds, shall be and is hereby declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Thing in the said recited Act, made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VIII. And Whereas the Directors of the said East India Dock

* Company were by the said recited Act empowered to make such Bridges and Roads as they should from time to time deem necessary for the more convenient Use of the said Docks, and of the

* other Works appertaining thereto: And; Whereas by an Act, made in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for altering and enlarging the Term and Powers of 4an Act, made in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, for making, maintaining, watching, lighting and watering several Roads to communicate with the West India Docks, the Isle of Dogs,

the County of Middlesex, and also of several Acts for repairing the Cannon Street Road, in the said County; and also for making,

maintaining, watching, lighting and watering a new Branch -

municate with the East India Docks, the Trustees acting in Execution of the said recited Acts, and the several Subscribers under the said recited Act, made in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, were enabled to raise and contribute amongst themselves in such Shares and Proportions as to them

* should seem meet, or to raise by the Admission of new Subscribers the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds for the Purpose of making,

repairing, altering, widening, lighting, watching, paving and wa *

* tering a Branch of Road leading from and out of the Commercial Road, at or near the North East Corner of Limehouse Church Yard, to communicate with the East India Docks, and also leading from and out of Rohinhood Lane to communicate with Poplar Street, and the several other Works necessary thereto; and the said Trustees were thereby directed to pay, from and after the Time of the Completion of the Road and Branch of Road to be made by virtue of the recited Act, made in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, Interest or Dividends not exceeding in the Whole the Rate of Ten Pounds Centum per Annum upon all Sums of Money which should have been so subscribed and paid: And Whereas it would tend materially to facilitate the Com-

Y y 4 4 munication

Calls may be made in the Proportions and at such Times as the Proprietors shall direct.

No Transfer to be made of any smaller Sum of the Company’s Capital Stock than Fifty Pounds thereof, and if made the same to be null and void.

Recital of Commercial Road Act, 44 G.3. c. xxxvii.

606

C. cxiii.

46° GEO. III.

The East India Dock Company to subscribe ] O.OOOOl. to complete the Hoad to the East India Docks.

Interest or Dividends of Money so subscribed to be applied as other Monies received for the East India Dock Company.

43 G. 3. c. cxxvi. § 26.

Additional G round to be purchased.

A.D. 1806.

‘ muni cation with the East India Docks, and th$ Conveyance of

* Goods, Wares and Merchandize, Stores and other Articles and

* Things, to and from the said East India Docks, if the said Road

* were completed, and it would be the Means of saving a large Sum

* of Money to the East India Dock Company, if they were empow-‘ ered to subscribe out of their Capital or Joint Stock a certain Sum

* of Money towards the Completion of the said Road; Be it there* fore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Directors of the East India Dock Company to subscribe, for or on Behalf of the said East India Dock Company, out of the Capital or Joint Stock to be raised and contributed by the East India Dock Company, by virtue of the said recited Act, made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of this Act, such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, as to the said Directors shall seem right and proper, towards raising the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, directed to be raised by the said Trustees for the Purpose of making, repairing, altering, widening, lighting, watching, paving and watering the said Branch of Road leading from and out of the Commercial, at or near the North East Corner of Limehouse Church Yard, to communicate with the East India Docks, and also leading from and out of Robinhood, to communicate with Poplar Street, and the several other Works necessary thereto.

IX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all Interest or Dividends to be paid by the said Trustees to the East India Dock Company, for or on Account of the said Sum or Sums of Money so subscribed for or on Behalf of the East India Dock Company, and also the principal Sum or Sums so subscribed, when and as often as the same, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be paid off and discharged by the said Trustees, shall be applied and disposed of by the said East India Dock Company in such and the like Manner as the Monies to be subscribed, collected, received, levied, raised and borrowed by the East India Dock Company, or their Directors, by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Act, made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of this Act, are directed to be applied and disposed of.

X. And Whereas it is in and by the said recited Act, made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, enacted, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, to contract and agree for the absolute Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, as shall lie or be situate within the Distance of Thirty Feet of the Wall therein directed to be made for inclosing such Docks, Basons and other Works: And 4 Whereas such Distance of Thirty Feet of the said Wall is not sufficient for the necessary Security of the Shipping, and for carrying the several Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act into Execution; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors, or Five or more of them, to purchase any Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in Manner directed by the said recited Act as to the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments by the said Directors, with the like Powers and Authorities, and subject to the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions as any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, as shall lie

or

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III.

697

C. cxiii.

or be situate within the Distance of One hundred Feet of the said Wall, on the North Side thereof, and so far as the present Road leading to the Orchard House, and certain Lands and Hereditaments in the Occupation of Sir Robert Wigram Baronet, on the East Side or End of the said Docks, Basons and othe|f Works, and on the South Side thereof to the River Thames; and such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, when so purchased, shall vest in the said Company of Proprietors, for the Use and Purposes of the said recited Act of the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and this Act.

XI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to enable the said East India Dock Company, or the said Directors, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, to take, use injure or damage any House or other Building which was erected or built on or before the First Day of One thousand eight hundred and five, or on any Land or Ground which, on or before the said First Day of June, was set apart and used as or for a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, without the Consent of the Owners and Occupiers thereof first had and obtained, other than and except the Houses and Buildings hereinafter mentioned; that is to say, the Gardens belonging to the Houses in Naval Roto, at the South West Corner of the said Boundary Wall, together with such Buildings thereon as are situated within Thirty Feet of the said Wall.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees for Lunatics or Idiots, or other Trustees whomsoever, not only for or on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots or Femes Covert, who are or shall be seised in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed of or interested in such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Part or Parts thereof which shall be thought necessary by the said Company of Proprietors, or their Directors, to be purchased for any of the Purposes of the said recited Act, made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this Act, to treat, contract and agree with the said Directors for the Sale thereof, or of any Part or Parts thereof, and to sell and convey all or any Part or Parts thereof, and all Estate, Right, Title and Interest whatsoever, of, in and to the same, to the said Company of Proprietors, for any of the Purposes of the said recited Act or of this Act; and all Contracts, Agreements, Bargains, Sales and Conveyances, which shall be so made by virtue and in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act, shall, without any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, be good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, not only to convey the Estate and Interest of the Persons or Person conveying, but also to convey all Right, Estate, Interest, Use, Property, Claim and Demand whatsoever of their several and respective Cestuique Trusts, and all Persons whomsoever claiming or to claim by, from or under him, her or them, any Law, Statute,

Usage

Not to enable the Company to purchase any Buildings, &c, except as herein mentioned.

Bodies Politic, &c. empowered to sell.

Contracts valid without Fine or Recovery.

G98

C. cxiii.

4>6° GEO. III.

The Quays in such of the Docks as shall be walled round, deemed legal Quays.

Docks subject to the same Regulations, vc c. as the present legal Quays.

The Boundary Wall of the inward Dock to be surrounded by a public Way, Road or Passage.

Approbation by Treasury of Docks, &c. ready for Reception of Ships and Goods, to be certified by Treasury ', and published; and after Notice, the Duties to Company to commence, and the Quays mentioned in such Certificates deemed Legal Quays; and the Clauses in the

A.D. 1806.

Usage or any other Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, Trustees and all other Persons whosoever, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act.

XIII. And, for the greater Accommodation of the Shipping in the East India Trade, Belonging to or using the Port of , ’ it

is hereby further enacted and declared, That the Quays and Wharfs which shall be built by the said Directors as aforesaid, within or along the Sides or Banks of such of the said Docks as shall be enclosed and defended on all Sides by High Walls, and strong and sufficient Gates, shall at all Times afterwards be deemed and taken, and are hereby declared to be, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, legal Quays and Wharfs for the landing, relanding and discharging, lading and Shipping of any Goods, Wares and Merchandize whatsoever, within the Port of, any Law, or any

Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares, Merchandize and Things whatsoever, which shall be landed or shipped upon or from the Quays or Wharfs intended to be built in or near the said Docks, or any of them, shall be subject and liable to such and the like Tolls, Duties, Dues, Customs and to the like Regulations respectively, as if the same were landed upon or shipped from the present legal Quays within the City of London, or as if the same intended Quays or Wharfs were situated within the said City, except in such Cases as are hereinafter specified.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said East India Dock Company shall, and they are hereby required to make, maintain and repair a Public Way, Road or Passage, round and adjoining the external Part of the Wall and Walls herein mentioned, inclosing the inward Dock, except so much on the South Side thereof as is or shall be bounded by the outer Dock, or the Wharfs or Quays belonging thereto, and such public Way, Road or Passage, shall be Ten Feet Wide at least.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That when any One or more of the said Docks, by the said recited Act, made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and this Act, authorized to be made and built by the said Directors, with the several Basons, Quays, Wharfs and other Works, belonging or to belong thereto, shall be so far completed, that in the Judgment of the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, the same shall be fit for the Reception of Ships, and the Landing and Shipping of Goods, Wares or Merchandize, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, and he or they is or are hereby respectively authorized and empowered by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, to certify the same; and such Certificate shall be published Three Times at the least in the London Gazette, and in Two or more public Morning Newspapers then usually circulated in London; and the said Certificate

C. cxiii.

A.D. 1806, 46° GEO. III.

699

so published as aforesaid shall be deemed sufficient Notice to all recited Act for Parties interested of the Completion of the several Docks, Quays, compelling Wharfs and other Works, concerning which such Certificate of East Ind, a Approbation shall be made; and from and after the Expiration of Ten Days next ensuing the First Publication of the said Certificate Docks to in Manner aforesaid, all the Rates and Duties by the said recited take Effect. Act, made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, made payable to the said India Dock Company for Ships and Vessels entering into and using any of the said Docks, or any of the Basons and Cuts belonging or which shall belong thereto, and also for any Goods, Wares and Merchandize which shall be landed or discharged from, or shipped or taken on board of any Ship or Vessel lying within any of the said Docks, or any of the Basons or Cuts belonging or which shall belong thereto, shall commence, take effect and become payable; and then and from thenceforth such of the Quays and Wharfs then made or built by the said Company, as shall be described in such Certificate to be fit for the Reception of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, shall be deemed and taken to be Legal Quays and Wharfs accordingly; and all the Provisions in the said recited Act, made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His preseat Majesty, contained, relating to the Increase of Interest or Dividends from and after the Completion of the said Docks, Quays,

Wharfs and other Works, and for compelling Ships and Vessels that shall arrive in the River Thames with East India Produce on board to unload the Whole of such Produce within some or One of the said Docks, or on the Quays or Wharfs belonging or which shall belong thereto, and for compelling such Ships and Vessels belonging to or frequenting the Port of Lonas shall be used or employed in the East India Trade, to ship, or take in their respective Cargoes, and be loaded either in some or one of the said Docks or Basons, or in such Part of the River Thames as shall be below Limehouse CreeJc, shall take Effect and be in full Force and Operation, save and except such Part or Parts of such Produce as may be directed by any Three or more of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs to be unloaded or discharged into any Lighter or other Craft in the Employ of the East India Company, at a certain Place within the said Port of London called Long Reach, for the Purpose of lessening the Draught of Water of any Ship or Vessel; and the Goods, Wares and Merchandize so unloaded or discharged, being Produce from the East Indies or China, and in respect whereof any Duties shall be payable, shall or may afterwards be stored or deposited in the Warehouses of the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies, according to the Laws now in force in relation to Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported from the East Indies or China; and in case any Owner, Master or other Person having the Command or Charge of any Ship or Vessel in the East India Trade, shall, after the Expiration of Ten Days after the First Publication of such Certificatey unload or discharge, or cause or permit or suffer to be unloaded or discharged, any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, being Produce from the East Indies or China, at any Time or Times after such Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, shall be fit for the Reception of Ships as aforesaid, from his Ship or Vessel, in any other Place or

Places,

700

C. cxiii.

46° GEO. III.

The Gates and Doors of such of the said Dock Premises as shall be inclosed with a Wall to be under the joint Docks of the Officers of the Dock Company and the Revenue, and shall be locked and opened only in the Presence of Officer.

Officer not attending.

Penalty 1001.

Hours for opening and shutting Gates of the Docks.

A.D. 1806.

Places, in or near the Port of Lond, than within such Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, (save and except as hereinbefore mentioned,) then and in every such Case every such Owner, Master or1 other Person, having the Command or Charge of such Ship or Vessel^ shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; any thing in the said recited Act, made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after such

Publication of such Certificate as aforesaid, all the Gates and Doors of such of the said Docks, Quays and Wharfs, as shall be inclosed with a Wall or Walls, and a Gate or Gates as before mentioned* shall be under the joint Locks of the said East India Dock Company and of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs and Excise, or of their respective Officers, and such Gates and Doors shall be locked and opened only in the joint Presence of One or more of the Officers of the said East India Dock Company, and of One or more of the Officers of the said respective Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs and Excise duly appointed and authorized in that Behalf; and no such Gate or Gates, Door or Doors, shall on any Account or Pretence whatsoever be locked or opened but in the joint Presence of such Officers respectively, during the whole Time that any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, being the Produce of the East Indies or China, shall remain within the said Dock, or on the Quays or Wharfs belonging thereto; and the Officer or Officers whose Duty it shall be to attend to the locking up and opening of the said Gates and Doors respectively shall and he and they is and are hereby required to lock up and open the same, or cause or procure the same to be locked up and opened in their Presence, at the Hours herein mentioned for that Purpose; and if any such Officer shall refuse or neglect to attend at the locking up or opening of the said Gates and Doors respectively, as herein directed, every such Officer so offending shall, for every such Offence, (upon being convicted thereof,) forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds. \In jpart repealed, 54 G. 3. c. cxxvii.

§21.]

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That after such Publication

of such Certificate as aforesaid, the several Gates and Doors of such of the Docks, Quays and Wharfs, as shall be so inclosed with a Wall, according to the Directions of this Act, shall, during the Time any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, being the Produce of the East Indies or China, shall remain therein as aforesaid, in and from the Month of November to the Month of, both

Months inclusive, in each and every Year, be opened for Business at the Hour of Seven in the Morning, and continue open until the Hour of Four in the Afternoon, and shall be shut at the said Hour of Four in the Afternoon, and continue so shut until the Hour of Seven in the Morning; and in and from the Month of March to the Month of October, both Months inclusive, in each and every Year, the said Gates and Doors shall be opened for Business at the Hour of Six in the Morning, and so continue until the Hour of Four in the Afternoon, and shall be shut at the said Hour of Four in the Afternoon, and continue so shut until the Hour of Six in the Morning, £Repealed as to outer, 54 G. 3. ccxxviii. § 20.}

A.D. 1806.

4G> GEO. III. C. cxiii.

701

XIX. And be it farther enacted, That from and after such Pub-

lication of such Certificate as aforesaid, the Officers of His Majesty's Revenue appointed to act and acting within and upon the said Docks, Quays and other Works of the said India Dock Company, shall, in and from the Month of November to the Month of February, both Months inclusive, in each and every Year, at-

tend and transact Business from the Hour of Eight in every Morning to the Hour of Three in every Afternoon; and in and from the Month of March to the Month of October both Months inclusive, in each and every Year, from the Hour of Seven in the Morning to the Hour of Three in the Afternoon; and that during the said Hours and Times so limited and appointed, there shall be no Intermission or Cessation of Business on any Account or Pretence whatsoever; and that the Officers of His Majesty's Revenue shall, in like Manner, attend and transact Business at the Warehouses belonging to the East India Company, where they may be stationed, at the Hours and Times aforesaid, any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That from and after such Publication of such Certificate as aforesaid, no Person whatsoever shall be permitted to remain within such Part of the said Docks, Quays and other Premises, as are to be inclosed within the Wall or Walls as herein mentioned, during any Part of such Hours and Times respectively as such Premises are by this Act directed to be kept shut and locked up; but in case it shall hereafter appear to the East India Dock Company, or to their Directors, that a Guard or Watch may be necessary to be kept and maintained within the said Premises, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said East India Dock Company, or their Directors, and they are hereby empowered to appoint and place within the same, or any Part thereof, such Guard or Guards, Watchman or Watchmen, for and during such Hours as they the said East Dock Company, or their Directors, shall think right and proper.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That from and after such Pub-

lication of such Certificate as aforesaid, upon the Arrival of any Ship or Vessel in the River Thames with a Cargo of Produce from the East Indies or China, the Master or Commander, Chief Mate or Second Mate of such Ship or Vessel, shall on or before the Arrival of such Ship or other Vessel at, well and securely

lock down and fasten with strong and sufficient Locks and other Fastenings, to be provided at the Expence of the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, all the Hatches leading to or connected with the Cargo of such Ship or Vessel; and from the Time of her Arrival at Gravesend, the said Master or Commander, Chief Mate or

Second Mate, shall remain constantly on board such Ship or Vessel, and keep such Hatches of such Ship or other Vessel so locked down and fastened, until such Ship or Vessel shall be safely moored in One of the said Docks or Basons, and until such Master, Commander, Chief Mate or Second Mate, shall have delivered the Keys of such Locks or Fastenings to such Officer or Servant of the said East India Company as shall be duly authorized to receive the same; and in case the said Master, Commander, Chief Mate or Second Mate of any such Ship or Vessel shall refuse or neglect to provide such Locks and other Fastenings, or to lock and

fasten

Appointed Hours for the Attendance and Business of the Revenue Officers within the said Docks, &c.

without Intermission of Business.

No Person except a Guard shall remain within the Docks, &c. when shut.

Hatches of East India Vessels arriving in the River, to be locked down, &c.

Master, &c. not providing Locks, &c.

702

CVcxiii,

46° GEO. III.

A.D. 1806.

Penalty 1001.

Regulations for locking and opening the Hatches of Vessels in the Docks.

Officer not attending to lock up, &c. Penalty 1001.

Prize Ships laden with the Produce of the East Indies or China to be subject to same Regulations as other Ships arriving with East India Produce.

fasten down the Hatches of such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, or to keep the same so locked and fastened down, or shall leave such Ship or Vessel after her Arrival at , and before she shall

be safely moored, and the said Keys so delivered as last aforesaid, or shall refuse or neglect to deliver the said Keys to such Officer or Servant as before mentioned, within Two Hours next after such Mooring as aforesaid, then and in every such Case every such Master, Commander, Chief Mate, Second Mate or other Person so offending, shall, for every such Offence (upon Conviction thereof) , forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That from and after such Publication of such Certificate as aforesaid, the Hatches of all such Ships or Vessels as shall from time to time lie or he moored in the said Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, with any Goods, Wares or Merchandize on board thereof respectively, shall be under the joint Locks of the said East India Company and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs and Excise, or of their, respective Officers; and no such Hatch or Hatches shall be locked or opened, save and except in the joint Presence of One or more of the Officers of the said East India Company, and of One or more of the Officers of the said respective Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs and Excise, duly appointed and authorized in that Behalf; and no such Hatch or Hatches shall be locked or opened, on any Account or Pretence whatsoever, but in the joint Presence of such Officer^ respectively; and the Officer or Officers whose Duty it shall be to attend to the locking up and opening of the said Hatches respectively shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to lock and open the same, or cause or procure the same to be locked or opened in their Presence, at the Hours herein mentioned for that Purpose; and if any such Officer shall refuse or neglect to attend at the locking up or opening of any such Hatch or Hatches, as herein directed, every such Officer so offending shall, for every such Offence, upon being convicted thereof, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That each and

every Ship and other Vessel laden with any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, the Produce of the East Indies and taken

as a Prize during the Continuance of Hostilities, and brought into Great Britain by any of His Majesty's Ships of War, or by any private or other Ship or Vessel having Commission from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, or which may be seized by any Non Commissioned Vessel or otherwise as Droits of Admiralty, shall be and be deemed to be a Ship or Vessel arriving or coming from the East Indies or China with Cargoes of Produce from the East Indies or, and within

the Intent and Purview of the said recited Act, made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, and this Act, and shall be brought into the River Thames; and every such Ship or other Vessel, and the Person or Persons having the Charge or Command thereof, shall be subject to the like Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as all Ships and Vessels arriving or coming from any Part of the East Indies or China into the River Thames with Cargoes of Produce from the East Indies

or

Ho: e

A.B.1806.

46° GEO. III. C. cxiii.

703

or China are by the said recited Act and this Act subject and liable to; and that all such Cargoes shall from time to time hereafter be lodged or deposited in the Warehouses of the East India Company, and sold at the said Company’s Sales, and not elsewhere, in like Manner, and subject only to the same Charges as Other privileged Goods.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Ship or Vessel other than and except Ships and Vessels which shall have immediately come from or shall be immediately bound to the East Indies or China, or Ships that are or have been in the Employ of the East India Company, and other than Lighters and Craft to convey, deliver, discharge or receive Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to or from on board of any such Ships or Vessels, or to be used in relation to the loading, unloading or Care of them in the said Docks or Basons, and other than and except Ships, Vessels, Lighters and Craft bringing or carrying away Materials, or any other Matter or Thing for the Building, Alteration or Repairs of the said Docks and Basons, and the Erections, Buildings and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, or to be used in or relating to the Building, Alterations, Repairs or Cleansings of the said Docks and Basons, and their Appurtenances, shall at any Time go into the said Docks or Basons, or any of the Works belonging thereto, for any Purpose whatsover, without the Consent of the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to be signified, from time to time, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands; and in case any Ship or Vessel, other than and except as aforesaid, shall at any Time go into any of the said Docks, Basons or Works, without such Consent as aforesaid, every Person having the Command of any such Ship or Vessel, other than and except as aforesaid, or who shall authorize, permit or suffer her to go into any of the said Docks, Basons or Works shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXV. And, for the Purpose of preventing Frauds being committed on the Revenue in the Conveyance of Goods, Wares and Merchandize from the said Docks, Wharfs, Quays and other Works, ’ Be it further enacted, That the said East India Company shall, and they are hereby required to provide and maintain such and so many covered Carts, Waggons or Caravans, as to them shall seem necessary, for the Purpose of safely conveying all Goods, Wares and Merchandize from such Docks, Wharfs, Quays and other Works, to the Warehouse or Warehouses, of the said East India Company; and all such covered Carts, Waggons and Caravans, shall be provided with such Locks and Keys, and shall be fitted up and secured in such Manner as shall be approved by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs for the time being, or any Three or more of them. as to Goods, 8$c. not

belonging to Company, 54 G.3. c. ccxxviii. §11.]

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be carried or conveyed in such covered Cart, Waggon or Caravan, by the said East India Company, from the said Docks, Basons, Wharfs, Quays and other Works, to the Warehouses of the said East India Company, save and except between

the

None but East India Ships and Vessels to use the Docks, without Consent of Treasury.

Persons having Command of Vessel going into Docks without such Consent, Penalty 50l.

Covered Carts' or Caravans to be provided to remove Goods from the Docks to Company’s Warehouses.

Hours for conveying such Goods to the said Warehouses.

Hostec

704

C. cxiii.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Treasury empowered to alter Hours of opening and shutting the Gates, and Hours of transacting Business at the Docks.

Tea and other Goods may be landed and conveyed by the Caravans to the Warehouses of the East India Company, without being previously weighed.

Officer of Company to weigh Chests,

the Hours of Seven in the Forenoon and Four in the Afternoon; and all and every such Carts, Waggons and Caravans, as shall be loaded, or have any Chest of Tea, or other Goods, Wares or Merchandize, placed or deposited therein, and which shall not be removed from the Quays so surrounded by a high Wall or Walls as aforesaid, before the Hour of Three in the Afternoon, shall remain and continue upon the said Quays, within such Wall or Walls as aforesaid, until the following Morning, or the Morning of the Day on which Business shall be transacted at the said Docks next following; and all and every such Carts, Waggons or Caravans, so having any Chest of Tea, or other Goods, Wares or Merchandize placed or deposited therein, shall, after the Hours of Business at the said Docks are expired, be securely locked up by the Officers of the East India Company and of His Majesty's Customs and Excise, in the same Manner as the Hatches of the Ships in the said Dock are herein directed to be locked and secured.

XXVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall be

lawful to and for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, for the time being, or any Three or more of them, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, from time to time, to alter, and change the Hour or Hours of opening and shutting, or of opening or shutting the several Gates and Doors, or any of them, of such of the said Docks, Quays and Wharfs, as shall be so inclosed with a Wall, according to the Directions of this Act, and also to alter and change the Hour or Hours appointed by this Act for the transacting Business in the said Docks and upon the Quays and Wharfs thereof; and also to alter and change the Hour or Hours appointed by this Act for carrying or conveying Goods, Wares or Merchandize in such covered Carts, Waggons or Caravans as aforesaid; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. [Proviso for Pouoer to Treasury to alter the Hours of

opening and shutting the Gates, 54 G. 3. ccxxviii. § 20.]

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall be

lawful to and for the said East India Company to land or cause to be landed any Chest or Chests of Tea, or other Goods, Wares or Merchandize, subject or liable to be weighed, for the Purpose of ascertaining the Duty or Duties to be paid thereon, being the Property of or belonging to the East India Conrtpany, or belonging to or the Property of any Individual or Individuals, commonly called or known by the Name of Privileged and Private,

or of any other Description whatsoever, from any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, within the said Docks and Basons, upon the said Wharfs and Quays, or any of them, and to convey the same in such covered Cart or Carts, Waggon or Waggons, Caravan or Caravans, and to deposit such Chest or Chests of Tea, and other Goods, Wares and Merchandize, so subject and liable to be weighed as aforesaid, in the Warehouse or Warehouses of the East India Company, without such Chest or Chests of Tea, or other such Goods, Wares or Merchandize respectively, being weighed or liable to be weighed by any Officer of His Majesty's Customs or Excise on the landing thereof: Provided always, that the proper Officer or Officers of the said India Company

shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to weigh or

cause

A.D. 1800.

C. cxiii.

* 705

46° GEO. III.

cause to be weighed every such Chest or Chests of Tea, and all &c. in presence such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, as soon as possible after of Officers of the same respectively shall be brought into such Warehouse or Customs, &c. Warehouses in the Presence of the Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs or Excise then on Duty at such Warehouse or Warehouses respectively.

XXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case Treasury may such Weighing at the Warehouses shall be found inconvenient, it order Tea and shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Com- Goods to be missioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any eiShed at Three or more of them, from time to time, by Warrants under Quays °r°n & his or their Hand or Hands, upon any Application of the Court

of Directors of the said East India Company for that Purpose, to order and direct every such Chest or Chests of Tea, and all such other Goods, Wares and Merchandize, to be weighed at the said Docks, or upon the said Quays or Wharfs, before the same shall be placed or deposited in such Carts, Waggons or Caravans as aforesaid; and thereupon such Compensation shall be made by the said East India Company to the said East India Dock Company, for the additional Trouble and Labour attending such last mentioned Weighing as shall be just and reasonable, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That any Machine or Ma- Any Machine chines, after the same shall be approved by the Lord High approved by Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Lords Commissioners of

His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, by Warrant under his weio-hing^he Hand, or their Hands, may be used in Weighing such Chests of Tea, same. and other Goods, Wares and Merchandize, or any Part thereof.

1 XXXI. And Whereas the said-isastf India Dock Company ‘ have, in Execution of the said Act., made in the Forty third 43G 3. c.cxxvi.

‘ Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, formed Two Docks ‘ at Blackball aforesaid, called an Outer and an Inner Dock:

‘ And Whereas the Quays or Wharfs surrounding such Outer ‘ Dock are bounded on the North Side by the Wall which separates the same from the Inner Dock, on the South Side by the ‘ River Thames, at the East End by the Entrance Bason and ‘ Locks leading from the River Thames to the Inward Dock, and ‘ at the West End by the Ship Builder’s Yard in the Occupation of; ‘ Messieurs Perry and Wells: And Whereas it may not be necessary that such Outer Dock should be entirely surrounded by a high ‘ Wall; ’ Be it therefore enacted, That when and as soon as_it Outer Dock shall appear to the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more Wharfs to be of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, that such Outer Dock is well and sufficiently inclosed and defended, by^rreasury^ although such Outer Dock shall not be entirely surrounded by a high Wall or Walls, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, to certify by Warrant under his Hand or their Hands that such Outer Dock is well and sufficiently inclosed and defended; and upon such Certificate being granted as aforesaid, the Quays and Wharfs which shall be built or made b}Tthe said Directors, within or along the Sides or Banks of such Outer Dock, shall at all Times, from and after the Date of such Certificate, be deemed and taken, and 46 Geo. III. Z z are

706

C. cxiii.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

East India Dock Company-may employ Labourers.

[Proviso.]

What Holidays to be kept at the said Docks and other Works.

No Fees to be taken by the Company’s Officers, or by the Revenue Officers, for any Act done within the Dock Premises *

are hereby declared to be, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, Eegal Quays and Wharfs for lading and shipping of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatsoever within the Port of save and except for the lading and shipping of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize as are or shall be subject or liable to any Duty or Duties of Excise; any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom, or any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said East India Dock Company, or their Directors, to hire or employ, from time to time, such and so many Labourers and Workmen for the Purpose of landing, loading or unloading, receiving and shipping off any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Stores and other Articles, Matters and Things, that may be imported or brought, carried or conveyed, into the said Docks and Basons, and also to carry and convey, or cause to be carried and conveyed, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Stores and other Articles, Matters and Things, to and from the said Docks and Basons, by such Ways and Means as to them the said East India Dock Company, or their Directors, shall seem right and proper; and to do all such Acts, Matters and Things, for the Accommodation and Convenience of the East India Company, and of the East India Shipping, as to the said East India Dock Company, or their Directors, shall seem right and proper: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize or empower the said East India Dock Company to carry or convey any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, for Hire or Gain, in any Boat, Lighter or other Craft, upon the River Thames,

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after such

First Publication of such Certificate as aforesaid, no Holiday or Holidays whatsoever shall be permitted or allowed to be observed and kept at the said Docks, Quays, Wharfs or other Works of the said Company, either by any Officer or Officers of or belonging to His Majesty's Revenue, or by any Officer or Servant of the said East India Dock Company, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, except Sundays, Christmas Days and Good, and any

Day which shall be appointed by His Majesty's Proclamation for the Purpo«o of a General Fast or Thanksgiving; but that all the Business of the said East India Dock Company, and relating to His Majesty's Revenue, and of all Persons using the said Docks, Quays, Wharfs or other Works, shall be carried on upon all Holidays, except as before excepted, in the same Manner as upon any other Days in the Year.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Perquisite or Reward of any Denomination whatsoever, shall be taken, accepted or received, by any Officer or Officers, Servant or Servants, who shall or may be employed in the Service Of the said East India Dock Company, other than the Salary or Wages that shall or may be paid or allowed to such Officer or Officers, Servant or Servants respectively, by the said Company; nor shall any Fee, Perquisite or Reward whatsoever, be taken, accepted or received by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Revenue, who shall or may attend, act or be employed in the Discharge of any Duty, Office or Employment of His Majesty's Revenue, within the said Docks,

Basons,

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. cxiii.

707

Basons, Locks, Quays and other Premises of or belonging to the East India Dock Company, for any Service, Act or Duty which shall or may be done or performed within the same, touching or concerning any Goods, Wares or Merchandize that shall or may be imported and unladen therein; and that every Person taking, ac- Fees taken cepting or receiving any Fee, Perquisite or Reward, contrary to this contrary to Act, shall for every such Offence not only pay back the Amount Act to be of the Fee, Perquisite or Reward, so taken, accepted or received, returned and but in Addition thereto, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Penalty 50k Pounds.

XXXV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein Saving to contained shall extend to deprive or prohibit any Officer or Offi- Revenue Officers of His Majesty's Revenue from taking, accepting or receiving

any Fee, Perquisite or Reward, which by Law he now is or shall ^oodsex-S °Q be entitled to, for or in respect of any Goods, Wares or Merchan- ported, dize, which shall or may be exported from the said Docks, Basons,

Quays and other Premises, whether the same Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall or shall not have been previously imported into and unladen therein.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in Consideration of Rate to be

the Costs, Charges and Expences of making and maintaining such for Wharfs and Quays, and of employing Labourers and Workmen for nd

the loading or placing of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, in the Caravans. ° Carts, Waggons or Caravans herein mentioned, it shall and may be

lawful to and for the East India Dock Company to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, to and for their own Use and Benefit, of and from the East India Company, or other Owner or Owners, Consignee or Consignees, of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize respectively, (over and above and besides the Rates granted and specified in the said recited Act, made in the Forty 43 G.3. third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,) for the Wharfage c.cxxvi. of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and for loading or placing the same in the Carts, Waggons or Caravans as aforesaid, the Rate or Sum of Two Shillings for every Ton of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, such Ton to be computed in the Manner set forth in the said recited Act, made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and that it shall be lawful for the said East India Company, or their Court of Directors, upon sufficient Cause being shewn to them, from time to time to increase the said last mentioned Rate in such Proportions, not exceeding in the Whole One Shilling for every Ton of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in Addition to the said Rate or Sum of Two Shillings for every Ton of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize as to them shall appear just and reasonable: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize the said East India Dock Company to make any Charge, or receive any Compensation for the Labour of landing such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, of the said East India Company, or those to be delivered into their Warehouses; but such Work shall be considered as compensated for by the Tonnage Rate or Duty granted by the said last, mentioned Act. [Rates to be paid to the Company before Goods delivered, 53 G. 3. c. 155. § 28.]

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in Consideration of East India the Costs, Charges and Expences of making and maintaining such Dock Company

708

C. cxiii.

46° GEO. III.

to receive such Rates for conveying of Goods, &c. as shall be agreed on.

Persons not to be compelled to employ the East India Dock Company in conveying Goods, &c.

Recovery and Application of Rates.

43 G. 3. c. cxxvi

A.D. 1806.

Wharfs and Quays, and of employing Labourers and Workmen, and for carrying and conveying such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Stores, Articles, Matters and Things, to or from the said Docks, Basons, and other Works, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said East India Dock Company to demand and take, or cause to

be demanded and taken, to and for their own Use and Benefit, such Rate or Rates, or Sum or Sums of Money, for the Wharfage, and for carrying or conveying such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Stores or other Matters or Things, or any of them, to or from the said Docks and Basons, or for any other Service as shall be required by the East India Company, or the Owners of the East India Shipping, for the Accommodation or Convenience of the said Shipping, as shall be mutually agreed upon between the said Company of Proprietors, or their Directors, and the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Stores or other Articles, Matters or Things, or the said East India Company, or the Owners of the East India Shipping.

XXXVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to require or compel any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, to employ the said Company of Proprietors in carrying or conveying Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Stores or other Articles, Matters or Things, or any of them, to or from the said Docks, Basons and other Works, but it shall and may be lawful to and for every such Body Politic or Corporate, and every Person whomsoever, to carry and convey his, her and their Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Stores, Articles, Matters and Things, to and, out of and from the said Docks and Basons, in such and the like Manner, as he, she or they would be enabled or empowered to carry or convey the same, or any of them, out of such Docks and Basons, in case this Act had not been made: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall authorize any Person or Persons to use the Wharfs or Quays of the said East India Dock Company, without paying the accustomed Rate for Wharfage.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Rates and Sums of Money hereby granted or allowed to be taken, by or for the Use of the East India Dock Company, shall be payable, received and recovered, in the Manner specified in the said recited Act of the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and that all such Rates and Sums of Money as shall be collected or received by the said East India Dock Company, by virtue of this Act, shall

be applied and disposed of in Manner directed by the said recited Act, made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, for carrying the several Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act into Execution.

1 XL. And Whereas, by reason or in consequence of certain Parts of the Works, Improvements and Regulations, intended by

the said recited Act, made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, some of the Lighters and

<Craft employed in the Business of the said East India Company,

twhich belong to Individuals, may become less valuable, by

Means of the landing and shipping of the Cargoes of East

Ships being in part diverted, than the same respectively are at i present, and divers Owners of such Lighters and Craft employed

‘as

Hosted '

A.D. 1806.

46- GEO.

C. cxiii.

709

‘ as aforesaid, and other Persons interested or employed in the ‘Business of landing and shipping such Cargoes of homeward and ‘ outward bound East India Shipping, may thereby sustain Loss ‘ or Damage, and the Yearly and other Receipts of the Governors ‘ of Christ's Hospital, in the City of London, for or on Account of Carroons or Figures for using Free Carts within the said City ‘ and the Liberties thereof, may also thereby happen to be less-‘ ened Be it therefore further enacted, That in case such Light- Compensation ers and Craft employed as aforesaid, or any of them, shall by to be made to reason of the said intended Works or any of them be rendered of TSers less valuable by reason or means of the Business of landing or an^ crai*tS erb shipping of the Cargoes of East India Ships being diverted there- Tackle House from, than they respectively were before the passing of this Act, Porters, Ticket or any Lighterman, Tackle House Porters, Ticket Porters or Free Porters, Free Carmen of the City of London, or other Person or Persons inte- ^eT^Persons rested in or employed upon the Business of landing or shipping for loss of East India Cargoes, shall, by reason of any of the same Works, Damage occa-suffer Loss or Damage, or the yearly or other Receipts or Income sioned by the of the Governors of Christ's Hospital aforesaid, or of their Sue- intended cessors for or on Account of Carroons, shall, by reason of any of ^Govern^r^ the same Works, happen to be lessened or diminished, the Commissioners appointed or to be appointed as hereinafter mentioned Hospital (if for managing the Business of the Compensations authorised and necessary) , on required to be made by them, do and shall make or cause to be Account of made such just and liberal Compensation or Satisfaction, by Pur- Carroons. chase or by Employment, or otherwise, to the Owners of Lighters and Craft, and the Tackle House Porters, Ticket Porters, Free Carmen, and other Persons interested in. or employed upon the Business of landing or shipping of East India Cargoes, and to the Governors of Christ's Hospital aforesaid, or their Successors, for the Injury, Loss or Damage which such Owners of Lighters and Craft, Porters, Carmen and other Persons, and Governors respectively, shall have thereby suffered or sustained, as shall be agreed on between the said Commissioners and such respective Owners of Lighters and Craft, and other Persons interested or employed as aforesaid, or between the said Commissioners and Governors, so far as relates to the said Carroons.

XLI. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year S9 g.3. c.lxix. ‘ of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for § 130.

‘ dering more commodious, and for better regulating the Port of ‘ London, certain Persons were appointed Commissioners for ma-‘ naging the Business of the Compensations directed to be made ‘ by the said Act; ’ Be it therefore enacted, That the Commis- Commissioners sioners of Compensations appointed in, or to be appointed by vir- of Compensa-tue of the said Act, shall be the Commissioners to settle and de- tion under the termine the Compensations to be made under this Act, and shall Jet to b? the have the same Powers and Authorities for putting in Execution Commissioners this Act, with respect to the Compensations hereby directed to be for the like, made, as they have by the said former Act with respect to the Purposes under Compensations thereby directed to be made; and the respective this Act *

Parts of the said Act, and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Matters and Things therein contained, relating to the said Commissioners thereby appointed, and the Compensations thereby provided for or directed to be made, and the Mode of as-

710

C. cxiii. 46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

certaining such Compensations, shall extend and be applicable and applied to this Act, and the Compensations hereby directed to be made, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Parts of the said Act, and the said Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Matters and Things were herein repeated and re-enacted in the Body of, and incorporated with this Act; and that the said Compensations shall be paid and made out of all or any of the Duties, Revenues and Income composing the Fund called Consolidated Fund, in the same Maimer as the Compensations by the said Act of the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty directed, are thereby provided to be paid; and that the River Tolls or Duties by the said last mentioned Act and other subsequent Acts imposed for raising a Fund for Compensations, shall also be paid and applied for making good the Monies which shall and may be paid out of the said Consolidated Fund, for making the Compensations provided by this Act, in like Manner as by the said Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty is directed as to the Tolls or Duties thereby imposed.

No Claims to

XLII. And be it further enacted, That no Claim shall be re-be made for ceived or admitted by the said Commissioners for any Compensa-such Compen- tion, until after the Expiration of Three Years next after any Rate sations, until granted or made payable by virtue of this Act, for or in respect

Three Years . , rr x V £• .r t\ 1

after Notice of °* any khip or vessel entering into or using any or the Docks or the Docks, &c. Basons to be made by virtue of this Act, shall have been taken; being ready for and the said Directors shall, and they are hereby required to cause Use. Notice to be given in the London Gazette, and Two or more pub-

lic Newspapers usually circulated in London of the Day on which such Rate shall have been taken, within the Space of Fourteen Days after the Day on which such Rate shall have been taken; and all and every Bodies and Body Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate and Sole, and other Persons and Person whosoever, who shall deem himself, herself or themselves entitled to any such Compensation, shall, within One Year after Proceedings by the Expiration of the said Three Years, enter a Memorial or Me-Memorial, &c. morials of such their respective Claims in a Book to be for th&t thereon, Purpose prepared and kept by the Clerk of the said Commissioners, which Book the said Clerk is hereby required to prepare and keep accordingly, and for which Entry such Clerk shall be entitled to such Fee and no other, as the Register of the County of Middlesex is by the Law entitled to for the Registry of a Memorial containing the same Number of Words; and that in case any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or other Person or Persons whosoever, shall refuse or neglect to enter or cause to be entered such Memorial or Memorials of such his, her or their Claim or Claims in Manner aforesaid, within One Year next ensuing the Expiration of the said Term of Three Years, then and in every such Case all and every such Bodies and Body Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and other Person and Persons whomsoever, so refusing or neglecting to enter such Memorial or Memorials in Manner and within the Time aforesaid, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be barred and excluded from all Right and Title to any such Compensation or Compensations whatsoever,

19 under

A.D. 1806, 46° GEO. III. C, cxiii.

under or by virtue of this Act, any tiling herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: Provided nevertheless, that if any Person or Persons entitled to, or who might claim any, such Compensation, shall be absent from the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland during the Whole of the said One Year, and there shall not be any Person in the said United Kingdom duly empowered to act for him, her or them in that Behalf, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons so being or having been absent to enter a Memorial or Memorials of his, her or their Claim or Claims in Manner aforesaid, at any Time within Two Years next ensuing after the Expiration of the said Term of Three Years, or in Default thereof such Person and Persons shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be in like Manner barred and excluded from all Right and Title to any such Compensation under or by virtue of this Act.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to hinder or prevent any Person or Persons whomsoever, so as aforesaid barred of any Right, Title, Claim or Demand, of or to any such Compensation, from commencing or bringing an Action or Actions of Debt, or for Money had and received for his, her or their Use, against any Person or Persons, or the legal Representatives of the Person or Persons who shall have received all or any Part of the Compensation Money to which the Person or Persons so barred might have been entitled, if he, she or they had claimed and proceeded as aforesaid in due Time; and that in every such Case the respective Plaintiffs, on due Proof of his, her or their Right and Title to any such Money, shall recover the same, with legal Interest in respect thereof, from the Person or Persons so receiving such Compensation Money, or from his, her or their legal Representatives.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That none of the said Directors of the East India Dock Company already appointed and hereafter to be appointed by virtue of the said recited Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this Act, or either of them, shall, by reason or, means or on account of their or his being Parties or Party to, or making, signing or executing in their or his Capacity of Directors or Director for managing the Affairs and Business of the said India Dock Company, pursuant to the said recited Act, made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, or either of them, any Contract, Covenant, Agreement, Assignment or Security, for and on Behalf of the said East India Dock Company, or otherwise lawfully executing any of the Powers and Authorities given to them, or any of them, by the said recited Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, or either of them, be subject or liable to be sued, prosecuted or impleaded, either collectively or individually, by any Person or Persons whomsoever, in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity, or elsewhere; and that the Bodies or Body, Goods, Chattels, Lands or Tenements of the said Directors, or any of them, shall not, by reason, on account or in consequence of any such Contract, Covenant, Agreement, Assignment or Se-

7.11

Proviso for the Absence of Persons having Claims to Compensation.

Claimants may recover Compensation Money from Persons who have wrongfully received the same.

Directors not to be personally answerable for Acts legally done by them in the Capacity of Directors.

71&

C.cxiii — cxvi.

46° GEO. III.

Costs of Act, how defrayed.

[Public Act.]

A.DitSOG; f

curity so entered into, or made, signed or executed by them, or any of them, as aforesaid, or any other lawful Act or Acts done or, to be done by them, or any of them, in the Execution of any of; the same last mentioned Powers and Authorities, be liable to be arrested, seized, detained or taken in Execution, but that in every such Case any Person or Persons making Claim or Demand upon the said Company, or upon any Director or Directors thereof, under or by virtue of any such Contract, Covenant, Agreement, Assignment or Security; or other lawful Act or Acts, shall and may sue and implead the said East India Dock Company in the Name of their Secretary, as provided by the said recited Act, made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in like Manner as if such Contract, Covenant, Agreement, Assignment or Security had been entered into and executed by such Secretary, for and on behalf of the said Dock Com-

pany, or such other Act or Acts had been done by him; and the Party or Parties so suing or impleading shall be entitled to the same Remedies as are provided in and by the said recited Act, made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in Cases where Authority is thereby given to sue and implead the said Company in the Name of the Secretary, but not to any further or other Remedy whatsoever.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors shall pay and discharge all the Costs and Charges of obtaining and passing this Act, out of any of the Monies already subscribed, borrowed or received, or to be subscribed, borrowed or received, by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Act, made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of this Act, or either of them.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

[This Act amended, and the Powers ’, 54- G. 3.

c. ccxxviii.J

Cap. cxiv.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Townships of Stockport and and within

the Hamlets of Edgeley and Br, all in the County Palatine of Chester.

[12th July 1806.]

Cap. cxv.

An Act for continuing and amending several Acts of Parliament for improving the Port, Harbour and Town of, in

the County of Cumberland, (b) [12th July 1806.]] [See7 Ann. c. 5. Pr. — 10 Ann. c. — 13 G. 2. c. 14. 1 G. 3. c. 44. — 2G. 3. c. 87. — 28 G. 3. c. 75. — Seec. cxxvii. post.]

Cap. cxvi.

An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing and watching the Burgh of Paisley, and Suburbs thereof; for improving and forming certain Streets, and erecting a Bridewell or Workhouse therein; and for regulating the Police and Markets.

[12th July 1806.]

46° GEO. III.

A.m 1806 *

C. cxvii — cxxii* 713

Cap. cxvii.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for paving the Footways and Passages in the Town of Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester, and for better cleansing and lighting

the said Town, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

[12th 1806.]

f See former Act, 26 G.3. c. 116. — Town lighted with Gas,

59 G. 3. c.xvii.] ‘

Cap. cxviii.

An , Act for paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the Town of Davejitry, in the County of Northampton-, and for regulating the Market there; and for enabling the Bailiff, Burgesses and Commonalty of the Borough of Daventry, to purchase the Moot Hall, and to rebuild the same.

[12th July 1806.]

Cap. cxix.

An Act for supplying with Water the Inhabitants of Kensington, Hammersmith, Brentford, Battersey, Putney, Richmond and

several other Parishes and Places in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey.; [12th 1806.]

[The Company of Proprietors of the West Middlesex Water-

works incorporated. 80,000l. — Powers enlarged, and Company empowered to raise further Sums of Money, 50 G. 3. c.cxxxii. — 53 G.3. c. xxxvi.

Cap. cxx.

An Act to alter and amend the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the Forth and Clyde Navigation.

[12th July 1806.]

[See8 G.3. c. 63. — 11 G.3. c. 62. — 13 G. 3. c. 1Q4; — 24 G.3. sess.2. c. 59. — 27 G. 3. cc. 20. 55. — 30 3. c. 73.]

— 39 G. 3. c. lxxi. — 54 G. 3. c. cxcv. — Altered and continued as therein mentioned, 1 G. 4. c. xlviii.]

Cap. cxxi.

An Act for improving the Navigation of the River in the

County Palatine of Lancaster.

[12th July 1806.]

Cap. cxxii.

An Act for altering, amending and rendering more, effectual, an 30 G. 3. c. 52. Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, for im- 30,000l. ad-proving the Navigation of the River Ouse, in the County of ditional. Sussex.

[12th 1806.]

[8ee 54 G. 3. c. clxxvi.]

t, ':...

714

33 G.3. (I.) c. 53.

42 G.3. c. ci. 44 G.3. c.xxxvii.

3 G.3. C. 32. 15 G.3. c. 68.

C. cxxiii — cxxix. 46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Cap. cxxiii.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Provisions of an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, for making and constituting a new Parish, by the Name of The Parish of Saint, on the Ground adjoin-

ing the City of 'Dublin therein described, and for erecting and building a Parish Church therein.

[12th July 1806.]

[See54 G. 3. lxxviii.]

T

Cap. cxxiv.

An Act to enable the Vestrymen of the Parish of Saint Mary le bone, in the County of Middlesex, to provide an additional Cemetery or Burial Ground for the said Parish, and to erect a Chapel therein, and also other Buildings and Conveniences for the Residence of a Clergyman, Clerk and Sexton, and for other Purposes relating thereto, [12th July 1806.]

[Repealed, 51 G. 3. c. cli.]

Cap. cxxv.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts made in the Forty second and Forty fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, maintaining, watching, lighting and watering, several Roads, to communicate with the West India Docks in the Isle of Dogs, in the County of Middlesex, and also of several Acts for repairing the Cannon Street Road, in the said County; and also for making, maintaining, watching, lighting and watering a new Branch, to communicate with the East India Docks, (b) [12th July 1806.]

[Term and Powers altered and enlarged, 49 G. 3. c. clxxii. — 51 G. 3. c. xlii. — 55 G. 3. c. lxxxix.]

Cap. cxxvi.

An Act to continue and amend Two Acts passed in the Third and Fifteenth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Newmarket, over Newmarket Heato the Turnpike Road leading to Stump Cross, in the Counties of Cambridge and folk, and other Roads mentioned in the said Acts. (

[12th July 1806.]

Cap. cxxvii.

An Act for more effectually improving the Roads leading to and from the Port, Harbour and Town of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, (b) [12th July 1806.]

[13 G. 2. c. 14. — 2 G. 3. c. 87--28 G» 3. c. 61. in Part re-

pealed. — See c. cxv. ante.']

Cap• cxxviih

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of in the County

of Beef or d. (q. P.) [12th 1806.]

Cap» cxxix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of in the

County of Bedford.(q. P-) [12th 1806.]

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III.

C, cxxx — cxxxii.

715

Cap. cxxx.

An Act for rebuilding the Court House and Butter Market House of the Town of Croydon, in the County of Surrey, for providing an additional Burial Ground, and for selling certain Waste Lands belonging to the said Parish.

[12th July 1806.]

Cap. cxxxi.

An Act for exchanging Part of the Fee Simple Estate of the Honourable Thomas Brand, in the County of Hertford, for other his settled Estates in the said County of Hertford, and in the Counties of Essex, Cambridge and Surrey, and in the City of London.(q. P.) [16th 1806.]

Cap. cxxxii.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Adfor rendering more commodious, and for better regulating the Port of London, so far as the same relates to the Compensations to be made by certain Commissioners therein named.

[21st July 1806.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Thirty ninth Year of ^e Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating the Port of London, certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, to be appointed in Manner therein mentioned, were made Commissioners for making Satisfaction and Compensation to the several Owners and Occupiers of Legal Quays and Sufferance Wharfs,

4 Warehouses, Docks and other Tenements and Hereditaments,

and to the Tackle House Porters, Ticket Porters and Free Carmen of the City of London, and other Persons interested in or employed upon the same Legal Quays and Sufferance Wharfs,

4 Warehouses, Docks, and other Tenements and Hereditaments,

and to the Governors of Christ's Hospital, in the City of,

for and on Account of Carroons, for the Injury, Loss or Damage which such Owners, Occupiers, Porters, Carmen and other Persons and Governors respectively should suffer or sustain by carrying the Powers of the said Act into Execution, as should be agreed on between the said Commissioners and such Owners,

4 Occupiers and other Persons respectively, and the said Commissioners and the said Governors: And Whereas by One other Act, made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making Wet Docks,

Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation

and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, voithin the Port of London, the said Commissioners were directed to make Satisfaction and Compensation to the several Owners and Occupiers of Legal Quays and Sufferance Wharfs, Warehouses, Docks, and other Tenements and Hereditaments, Tackle House Porters, Ticket Porters, Owners of Lighters and Craft, and Free Carmen of the City of London, and other Persons interested in or employed upon the same Legal Quays and Sufferance Wharfs, 4 Warehouses, Docks, and other Tenements and Hereditaments, and to the Governors of Christ's Hospital in the City of London,

i for

39 G. 3. c.lxix.

39 & 40 G.3. c. xlvii.

716 C.cxxxii. 46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

for or on Account of Carroons, for the Injury, Loss or Damage ‘ which such Owners, Occupiers, Porters, Carmen and other Persons and Governors respectively should suffer or sustain by car-f rying the Powers of the said Act into Execution, as should be

* agreed on between the said Commissioners and such Owners,

‘ Occupiers and other Persons respectively, and the said Commissioners and the said Governors: And Whereas by One other 42 G.3. c.cxiii. 4 Act, made in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present

Majesty, intituled An Act to alter and amend an, passed

the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign,

An Act for rendering more commodious and for better regulating the Port of London, " so far as the same relates to the the West India Dock Company thereby established, and for -4 tending to other Objects the Compensations directed the said Act, the said Commissioners were directed to make Satisfaction and Compensation to certain Lightermen and Sugar Coopers, in case it should appear to the said Commissioners that such Persons should have suffered or sustained any Loss or Injury by carrying into Execution the Powers of the said Act,

* made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: And Whereas by One other Act of Parliament, made in

44 G.3. c.ioo. 4 the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for warehousing Goods within the Limits of certain Docks, made under an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Re~ 4 venue within the Port of London, and to make Regulations lating to the said Docks f the said Commissioners were directed to make Satisfaction and Compensation to certain Wine Coopers and other Coopers and Vintners’ Porters, if they should sustain any Injury, Loss or Damage, by carrying into Execution the Powers of the said Acts: And Whereas by One other Act of

45 G.3. c.lvlii. 4 Parliament, made in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His

present Majesty, intituled An Act to alter and amend, an Act' 4 passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works,

greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and 4 Revenue, within the Port of London, and for extending the Powers and Provisions of the said Act, the said commissioners

were directed to -make Satisfaction and Compensation to the Master, Wardens and Freemen and Commonalty of the Mystery of Vintners of the City of if any Loss, Injury or Da-

mage should be sustained by them, by carrying into Execution the Powers of the said Acts: And Whereas by One other Act, 43 G. 3. c.cxxvi. 4 made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the further Improvement of the Port of London, by making Docks and other Works at Blackwall, for the Accommodation of the East India Shipping in the said Port,

the said Commissioners were directed to make Satisfaction and Compensation to Thomas Pitcher, or the Owner, Proprietor or Occupier for the Time being of the Docks, Slips, Dock Yard and Premises, at Northfleet in the County of Kent, known by the Name of Pitcher sYard, in case he should receive any ac?

. 4 tual

A.D. 1806. 46° GEO. III. cxxxii. 71*7

‘ tual Loss or Injury by reason of the Trouble or Expence of con-‘ yeying Ships and Vessels to and from the said Yard for the ‘ Purpose of Repairs, or by any other Means, or in case any of the ‘ Owners, Proprietors or Occupiers of any other of the Docks,

‘ Slips and Dock Yards, in the Port of Lo, should be injured, ‘ and the Property in the said several Docks, Slips and Dock ‘ Yards respectively should become less valuable, or in case any ‘ Person or Persons interested in the Trade carried on at such ‘ Docks, Slips and Dock Yards, or any of them, should sustain ‘ actual Loss or Damage by carrying the Powers of such Act into ‘ Execution: And Whereas it was by the said first recited Act ‘ directed, that the Monies to be paid for making such Satisfac-‘ tion and Compensation should be paid out of the Consolidated ‘ Fund, and certain Rates and Duties were granted and made ‘ payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, on all Ships ‘ or Vessels using the Port of London, to be applied in paying the ‘ Principal and Interest of the Monies so paid out of the Consoli-‘ dated Fund: And Whereas the Powers granted to the said Commissioners by the said recited Act, made in the Thirty ninth ‘ Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, are insufficient for the ‘ Purposes thereby intended, and it is expedient that certain of such ‘ Powers should be altered, repealed or enlarged; but as the same ‘ cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, Powers of Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Regulations, Matters 39 G-3, c*lxix. and Things, in the said recited Act, made in the Thirty ninth ^uSsAct Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, contained, so far as the same relate to, affect or any wise concern certain Persons therein called the Commissioners of the said Compensations (save and except such Parts thereof as are void, altered or repealed) shall be as good, valid and effectual, for canying into Execution the several Powers and Authorities vested in the said Commissioners by the said several recited Acts and this Act, as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That Sir Watkin Leuoes Knight, Additional Nathaniel Neivnliam Esquire, Sir Richard Carr Gly?i Baronet, Sir Commissioners William Staines Knight, John Perring Esquire, John ^i<^oini)en~

Esquire, Charles Flower Esquire, Thomas Sm Esquire, Thomas

Rowcroft Esquire, Joshua Jonathan Smith Esquire, Richard Lea Esquire, Sir, Matthew Bloxam Knight, Claudius Stephen Hunter Esquire, John Princep Esquire, Josiah Boydell Esquire, George Scholey Esquire, John Peter Hankey Esquire, and William Horn-ville Esquire, and all the Aldermen of the City of London for the time being, Arthur David Lems Agassiz Esquire, Thomas -bridge Esquire, John Batard Esquire, Peter Berthon Esquire,

Boyce Combe Esquire, Francis Easterly Esquire, John Inglis Esquire, Thomas King Esquire, Richard- Lewin Junior, Esquire,

John William Lubbock Esquire, Abraham Mello Esquire, Joseph Mercer on Esquire, Job Matthero Raikes Esquire, William Tooke Robinson Esquire, Robert Slade Esquire, Isaac Solly Esquire,

Samuel Thorp Esquire, Thomas Took Esquire, and Samuel Turner

Esquire,

718

C. cxxxii.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Appointment of Commissioners of Compensations in the Room of those who shall die, or decline, or become incapable to act.

Meetings on Emergencies.

Esquire# are hereby added to and joined with the Commissioners of the said Compensations; and such additional Commissioners# and their Successors, to be appointed in Manner directed by this Act, after taking the Oath prescribed to be taken by the said Commissioners by the said recited Act made in the Thirty ninth: Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall have, and are hereby declared to have as full Power and Authority to act in the Management of the Business of the said Compensations directed to be made by the said Acts herein before mentioned, or any of them, in such and the same manner in all Respects as if they had been by the said recited Act, made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, originally appointed Commissioners of the said Compensations.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Commissioners for the said Compensations, nominated or appointed by virtue of the said recited Act, made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or herein nominated, or to be hereafter appointed by virtue of this Act, shall die, or refuse, or decline, or become incapable to act in the Management of the Business of the said Compensations before the Whole of such Business shall be performed, then and in every such Case, and so often as the same shall happen, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, assembled at any of their Meetings, to appoint any other indifferent Person or Persons to be a Commissioner or Commissioners to act in the Management of the Business of the said Compensations in the Stead of the Commissioner or Commissioners who shall have so died or refused, declined or become incapable to act as aforesaid; and Notice of the Time and Place of the Meeting for every such Appointment, and of the Purpose thereof, shall be given by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, by Advertisement in Two or more of the public Newspapers printed in the City of, or

City and Liberty of Westminster, and also by Letter sent by Post or otherwise, addressed to each of the said Commissioners at their respective last or usual Place or Places of Abode, Three Days at the least before such Meeting shall be holden; and every such new Commissioner, so to be appointed, shall and may, after taking the Oath directed to be taken by the said Commissioners by the said recited Act, made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, act in the Management of the Business of the said Compensations in such and the same Manner in all Respects as if he had been by the said Act or by this Act originally appointed a Commissioner of the said Compensations; any thing in the said recited Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, if after any Adjournment of any Meeting of the said Commissioners, it shall at any Time or Times be thought necessary that a Meeting of the Commissioners should be holden on an earlier Day than the Day to which such Meeting shall have been adjourned, then and in every such Case the Clerk to the said Commissioners (an Order in Writing signed by Five or more of the said Commissioners, mentioning the Time and Place of such earlier Meeting, being given to him or left at

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. cxxxii.

719

his last or usual Place of Abode) shall forthwith give Notice of such earlier Meeting by Letter sent by Post or otherwise, addressed to each of the said Commissioners at their respective last or usual Place or Places of Abode, and of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Commissioners (such Time not being less than Three Days after such Notice); and all Proceedings of the said Commissioners at such earlier Meeting shall be as good and valid as they would have been in case such Commissioners had met in pursuance of any Adjournment.

V. And Whereas it is in and by the said recited Act, made in 39 G.3. c. lxix. 4 the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, §122.

enacted, that if any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Colie- giate, or any other Person or Persons who should claim any t^Amount of Compensation hereinbefore entrusted to the Care of and directed Compensation to be made by the said Commissioners, should not agree with by Juries,

them the said Commissioners for and concerning the respective repealed.

4 Compensations which might be thought to belong, by virtue of the said Act to them, him or her so claiming as aforesaid, or if on Account of Absence or Disability of Parties, or any other Circumstance, such Agreement should be impracticable, or if any of the Parties so claiming should, in the Judgment of the said Commissioners, not appear to be entitled to any such Compensation, and should nevertheless persist in such Claim, then and in every such Case, the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them, were thereby authorized and required, at the Request of the Parties or Party claiming such Compensation, (or if the said Commissioners should think it necessary or expedient,

then without any such Request,) to issue a Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, directed to the Sheriffs of the City of London, or to the Sheriff or Bailiff of the County, Division,

4 District or Liberty, wherein the Premises should respectively lie or be, as the Case should require, who were and each of them was thereby authorized, directed and required accordingly to impannel, summon and return a competent Number of substantial and disinterested Persons qualified to serve on Juries, not less than Forty eight nor more than Seventy two, and out of such Persons so to be impannelled, summoned and returned, a Jury of Twelve Men should be, by some Person to be appointed by the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings, drawn in such Manner as Juries for the Trial of Issues joined in His Majesty's Courts at Westminster are by an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, King George the Second, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of, directed to be drawn; which Persons so to be impannelled, summoned and returned as aforesaid, were thereby required to come and appear before the said Commissioners at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, should be directed and appointed, and to attend the said Commissioners from Day 4 to Day until discharged by them; and all Parties concerned should and might have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, but should not be at Liberty to challenge the Array; and the said Commissioners were thereby authorized and empowered, by Precept or Precepts, from Time to Time, as Occasion should require, to call before them all and every Person

C, cxxxii.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

* son and Persons whomsoever, who should be thought proper C and necessary to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses on his, c her or their Oath or Oaths, touching or concerning the Premises; and the said Commissioners, if they thought fit, should

* and might, on the Application of either Party, likewise authorize

* the said Jury to view the Place or Places, or Premises in ques-

* tion, in such Manner as they should direct; and the said Commissioners should have Power to adjourn their Meeting from Day to Day, as Occasion should require, and to command such Jury, Witnesses and Parties to attend, until all such Affairs for which they were summoned should be concluded; and the said Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as also the Oaths of such Person or Persons as should be called upon to give Evidence, 4 the said Commissioners were thereby empowered and required to administer) should require of and concerning the Compensations or Satisfactions so in dispute as aforesaid, and the Amount or Value thereof, and of the different Shares and Interests of the several Persons who should appear to be entitled thereto, or to any Part or Parts thereof, and should assess and award the Sum 4 or Sums of Money to be paid to such Person or Persons, Party or Parties respectively, for such respective Compensations or Satisfactions; and the said Commissioners should and might give Judgment and Determination for such Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed; which said Verdict or Verdicts, and the Judgment and Judgments, Determination and Determinations thereupon, (Notice in Writing being given to the Person or Persons interested, or claiming so to be, at least Fourteen Days before the Time of the Meeting of the said Commissioners and Jury, by leaving such Notice at the Dwelling House of such Person or Persons, or at his or their usual or last Place or Places of Abode, or with some Tenant or Occupier of some of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in respect whereof such Compensation should be claimed, should be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as well against the King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, as against all Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, and all and every Person and Persons so claiming or who might claim such Compensation, as well Infants and Issue unborn, 4 Lunatics, Idiots and Femes Covert, and Persons under any other legal Incapacity or Disability, as all other Trusts, his,

her and their Heirs, Successors, Executors and Administrators, and against all other Persons whomsoever; and the said Ver- diets, Judgments and Determinations, and all other Proceedings of the said Commissioners and Juries so to be made, given and pronounced as last aforesaid, should be fairly written on Parchment, and signed by the Town Clerk of the said City of,

4 if the Premises should lie or be within the said City or the Liberties thereof; but if not within such City or Liberties, then by the Clerk of the Peace for the time being of the County, 4 Division, District or Liberty, wherein the Premises should respectively lie or be; and in case it should so happen that the Parties or Party so claiming should be found not to be entitled to any such Compensation, or if the Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed and awarded in consequence of such Refusal to

treat

721

A«J>.1806. 46° GEO. III. C.CXXXII.

* treat and agree as aforesaid, as and for such Compensation or SSatisfaction as before mentioned respectively, should not exceed 4' the Sum or Sums of Money which the said Commissioners if should have previously offered to allow as and for such respec-f live Compensation or Satisfaction, then and in every such Case all the reasonable Costs, Charges and Expences of causing and

* procuring such Compensation to be assessed and awarded by a Jury as aforesaid, and of so assessing and awarding the same,

f shall be borne and paid by the Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons so claiming Com- pensation, and so refusing to treat and agree as before men *

* tioned respectively; and the said Commissioners were thereby authorized and empowered to receive and retain, or cause to be received and retained, the Amount of the said Costs, Charges and Expences, out of the Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed or awarded as aforesaid (if any) , or of any Part thereof,

and to cause the same to be applied in Payment of the said Costs, Charges and Expences accordingly Be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act shall be and is hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

VI. And Whereas it is in and by the said recited Act, made 39 G.s f in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, c-lxix- $ 123. 4 enacted, that the said Commissioners should have Power, from "rsNon

time to time, to impose any reasonable Fine, not exceeding the Attendance °n 4: Sum of Ten Pounds, on such Sheriff or Sheriffs, or Bailiffs, or their or his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents respectively, f making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on any such Jury or Juries, and should not appear, or should refuse to be sworn on the said Jury or Juries, or being so sworn should not give his or their Verdict;

and also on any Person or Persons who should be summoned to f give Evidence touching any of the Matters aforesaid, and should not attend, or should refuse to be sworn or to affirm, or who should refuse to give his, her or their Evidence, and on any r other Person or Persons who should in any other Manner wilfully neglect his, her or their Duty in the Premises, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, and from time to time to levy such Fine or Fines, by Order of the said Commissioners,

by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, together with the reasonable Charges . of every such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners; and that a Copy of the Order of the said Commissioners, signed by their Clerk *

for the time being, should respectively be sufficient Authority to the Person or Persons therein to be appointed, and to every 4, other Person acting, or aiding and assisting therein, to make such Distress and Sale; and all such Fines should be paid to the Chamberlain of the said City for the time being, to be applied to the Purposes of the said Act: And Whereas the said Powers and Clauses hereinabove recited are adopted and incorporated

into several of the Acts hereinbefore mentioned; ’ Be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act, and so much of Repealed, the several Acts .hereinbefore mentioned as adopt the same, shall 46 Geo. III. S A be

122

When Parties refuse, or are unable to ragree for Compensation, Juries for ascertaining the same may be impannelled, and how.

3 G. 2. c. xxv. § 15.

Jurymen may be challenged.

C.cxxxii. 4*6° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

be and is hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or any other Person or Persons who shall claim any Compensation by the said recited Acts, or any of them, entrusted to the Care of, and directed to be made by the said Commissioners, shall" not agree with them the said Commissioners for and concerning the respective Compensations which may be thought to belong, by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any of them, or of this Act, to them, him or her, so claiming as aforesaid, or if on account of Absence or Disability of Parties, or any other Circumstance, such Agreement shall be impracticable, or if any of the Parties so claiming shall, in the Judgment of the said Commissioners, not appear to be entitled to any such Compensation, and shall nevertheless persist in such Claim, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby required and authorized, within Twenty one Days after any Request shall be made in Writing, by any of the Party or Parties claiming such Compensation, or if the said Commissioners shall think it expedient, then, without any such Request, to issue a Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, directed to the Sheriffs of, if the

Premises lie, or the Business for the Loss or Diminution whereof the Compensation is claimed was carried on, in the said City of London, or elsewhere out of the County of, or to the

Sheriff of the County of Middlesex, if the Premises lie, or the Business for the Loss or Diminution whereof the Compensation is claimed was carried on, in that County, or if the Premises lie or such Business was carried on as well in the City of London as in the County of Middlesex or elsewhere, to the Sheriffs of who are and each of them is hereby authorized, directed and required accordingly, to impannel, summon and return a competent Number of substantial and disinteresed Persons qualified to serve on Juries, not less than Forty eight nor more than Seventy two, and out of such Persons so to be impannelled, summoned and returned, a Jury of Twelve Men shall be drawn by some Person to be by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, at some of their Meetings appointed, in such Manner as Juries for the Trial of Issues joined in His Majesty's Courts at Westminster are by an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of Juries, directed to be drawn; which Persons so to be impannelled, summoned and returned as aforesaid, are hereby required to appear before the Justices of the Peace of the said City of London, at some Court of General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden in and for the said City, or at some Adjournment thereof, as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, shall be directed and appointed, or at some General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said County, or some Adjournment thereof, as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, shall be directed and appointed, and to attend such Court of General or Quarter Sessions from Day to Day until discharged by the said Court; and all Parties concerned shall and may have their lawful Challenges against any of

A I). 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. cxxxii.

725

the said Jurymen, but shall not be at Liberty to challenge the Array; and the said Justices are hereby authorized and empowered by Precept or Precepts, from time to time, as Occasion shall require, to call before them all and every Persons whomsoever, who shall be thought proper and necessary to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses, on his, her or their Oath or Oaths, touching or concerning the Premises; and the said Justices, if they think fit, shall and may, on the Application of either Party, likewise authorize the said Jury to view the Place or Places, or Premises in question, in such Manner as they shall direct; and the said Justices shall have Power to adjourn such Court from Day to Day, as Occasion shall require, and to command such Jury, Witnesses and Parties to attend, until all such Affairs for which they were summoned shall be concluded; and the said Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as also the Oaths of such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Justices are hereby empowered and required to adminster,) shall enquire of and concerning the Compensations and Satisfactions so in Dispute as aforesaid, and the Amount or Value thereof, and of the different Shares and Interests of the several Persons who shall appear to be entitled thereto, or to any Part or Parts thereof, and shall assess and award the Sum or Sums to be paid to such Person or Persons, Party or Parties respectively, for such respective Compensations or Satisfactions; and where no new Trial shall be granted, as hereinafter is mentioned, the said Justices shall and may give Judgment for such Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed; which said Judgment or Judgments, Determination or Determinations, (Notice in Writing having been given to the Person or Persons interested, or claiming so to be, at least Fourteen Days before the Time of the Meeting of the said Justices as aforesaid and Jury, by leaving such Notice at the Dwelling House of such Person or Persons, or at his, her or their usual or last Place or Places of Abode, or with some Tenant or Occupier of some of the Premises in respect whereof such Compensation is claimed,) shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as well against the King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, as against all Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, and all and every Person or Persons so claiming, or who might claim such Compensation, as well Infants and Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots and Femes Covert, and Persons under any other legal Incapacity or Disability, as all other Cestique Trusts, his, her or their Heirs, Successors, Executors and Administrators, and against all other Persons whomsoever; and the said Verdicts, Judgments and Determinations, and all other Proceedings of the said Justices and Juries, so to be made, given and pronounced as aforesaid, shall be fairly written on Parchment, and signed by the Town Clerk or the Clerk of the Peace of the said City of London, or the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, as the Case shall be; and in case it shall so happen that the Parties or Party so claiming shall be found not to be entitled to any such Compensation, or if the Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed and awarded in consequence of such Refusal to treat and agree as aforesaid, as and for such Compensation and Satisfaction as beforementioned respectively, shall be less by One Eighth Part in the Whole than the -Sum or

3 A 2 Sums

Juries to award the Amounts of Compensations on Oath.

When no new Trial granted. Verdict of Jury, &c. to be final;

previous Notice being given to Parties interested.

If Compensation Money awarded be less by One Eighth Part than the Money offered by the Commissioner*,

724

C. cxxxii.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

the Claimants to pay Costs.

Fines may be imposed for Non Attend-

Distress.

Fines how applied.

Points of Law may be Ye-served for the Consideration of the Court of King’s Bench;

Sums of Money which the said Commissioners shall have previously offered to allow as and for such respective Compensation or Satisfaction, then and in every such Case all the reasonable Costs, Charges and Expences of causing and procuring such Compensation to be assessed and awarded by a Jury as aforesaid, and of so assessing and awarding the same, shall be borne and paid by the Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons so claiming such Compensation, and so refusing to treat and agree as before mentioned respectively; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to receive and retain, or cause to be received and retained, the Amount of the said Costs, Charges and Expences, out of the Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed or awarded as aforesaid (if any) or out of any Part thereof, and to cause the same to be applied in Payment of the said Costs, Charges and Expences accordingly.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices shall have Power, from time to time, to impose any reasonable Fine, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, on such Sheriff or Bailiff, or his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents, respectively, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on any such Jury or Juries, and shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury or Juries, or being so sworn shall not give his or their Verdict, and also on any Person or Persons who shall be summoned to give Evidence touching any of the Matters aforesaid, and shall not attend, or attending shall refuse to be sworn or to affirm, or who shall refuse to give his, her or their Evidence, and on any Person or Persons who shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his, her or their Duty in the Premises, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and from time to time to levy such Fine or Fines, by Order of the said Justices, by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, together with the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners; and that a Copy of the Order of the said Justices, signed by the Clerk of the Peace for the time being of the County, Division, District or Liberty wherein the Premises shall lie or be, as the Case shall require, shall respectively be sufficient Authority to the Person or Persons therein to be appointed, and to every other Person acting, or aiding and assisting therein, to make such Distress and Sale; and all such Fines shall be paid to the Chamberlain of the said City for the time being, to be applied to the Purposes of the said recited Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

IX. And Whereas Questions of Doubt and Difficulty may arise, as well in respect of the Title of Parties applying for such Com-‘ pensation or Satisfaction to have any Compensation or Satisfaction, ‘ as in respect of the Amount of the Compensation or Satisfaction to ‘ be recovered; Be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for the said Justices to reserve any Point of Law arising from such Trial for the Consideration of His Majesty's Court of King’s Bench, upon Motion to be made in the same Court in the same Manner as if such Point had been reserved by the Lord Chief Justice of the same Court sitting at Prius; or in case either the Parties claiming such Compensation as aforesaid, or the said Commissioners

A.D. 1806.

725

4-6° GEO. III. C. cxxxii.

missioners shall be dis-satisfied with any Verdict given before the said Justices (except in the Case of a Verdict upon a new Trial had in Manner hereinafter mentioned) , and the said Justices shall cmificate^of certify under the Hand of the Justice who summed up the Case to the Justice pre-the Jury, that it is a fit Case to move for a new Trial, it shall and siding at the may be lawful either for such Parties, or the said Commissioners, Hearing, Ap-upon producing such Certificate, verified by Affidavit, within the plication may First Four Days of the Term next after such Trial, to move the bernad<-to said Court of King’s Bench for a new Trial in such Case, and there- Benchofor a"& & upon it shall and may be lawful for the said Court, in either of new Trial, such Cases, upon the Report of the said Justices, to hear and de- either before termine the same Point or Points; and the Determination that the Justices or the said Court shall make thereupon shall be specified and contained Court* in a Rule of the same Court, and shall be transmitted to the said Justices, who shall give Judgment thereon accordingly; or it shall and may be lawful for the said Court to order and direct a new Trial to be had upon the Premises, either before the said Justices, or before the Lord Chief Justice, or some other Judge of the same Court, in case the said Court shall think fit so to allow; and such Trial to be had at the Sittings for London or, as the

same Court shall think fit to order, subject to such Directions concerning the Costs of the First Trial and the subsequent Proceedings, as the same Court shall think fit to give in that Behalf.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case such new Trial shall Mode of pro-

be ordered and directed to be had before the said Justices, that all cee(fing on new Matters and Things, Clauses and Provisoes, hereinbefore contained the

respecting the Proceedings previous to, upon and after the First b

Trial, except so far as the same may be altered by the Direction and Order of the said Court of King’s Bench, and the Judgment to be given thereon, shall apply and extend to the Second Trial to be had by the Direction and Order of the same Court, and the Proceedings previous to, upon and after the same, as fully as if the same had been herein new repeated and re-enacted.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case such new Trial shall Mode of pro-so as aforesaid be ordered and directed to be had before the Lord ceeding on new Chief Justice, or some other Judge of the same Court, at the Sit- Trial before the tings for London or Middlesex, the Record of the Proceedings of Benchof8 the same Justices shall be removed into the said Court of King’s Bench by Writ of Certiorari, and such and the like Proceedings take place thereupon in order to the same new Trial, as are had in Cases of Indictments found at Sessions, and removed into the Court of King’s Bench by Certiorari; and after such new Trial shall have taken place, the Record thereof, and of all other Proceedings in the Premises, shall be remitted, and sent back to the said Justices, who shall thereupon give Judgment upon the Verdict taken on such new Trial, as if the same had been originally given in the first Instance before the said Justices.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Evidence shall be permitted to be given before any Jury of any Loss, or supposed Loss, or any Ground or Matter of Claim of Compensation, except such as is distinctly contained and specified in the Memorial of the Claim entered by the Party in pursuance of the said several Acts hereinabove mentioned, or of this present Act.

3 A 3 XIII. And

No Evidence to be given before the Jury of any Claim not specified in the Memorial.

726

C.cxxxii.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

For consolidating Claims. 39 G.3. c.lxis.

Memorial of Claim to be entered.

Proceedings

thereon.

XIII. And Whereas it may be convenient in certain Cases that

* Compensations to be made for Loss, Injury or Damage sustained ‘ by the said several Acts before mentioned, or some of them, should

* be estimated conjointly Be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, at the Expiration of the Time limited and appointed by the said Act, made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for entering a Memorial of Claims under that Act, or so soon after as conveniently may be, to summon and call before them any Party who shall have entered such Memorial of Claim, and to require him, her or them, to give in to the said Commissioners a Declaration in Writing, within Fourteen Days from the Time at which he, she or they shall be so required, stating and expressing whether they have any Claim or Claims for Compensation for Loss, Injury or Damage by them sustained by any other of the said several Acts above mentioned; and if such Party shall omit or refuse to attend the said Commissioners by themselves hr their Agents, or shall omit or refuse to make any such Declaration within the Time hereinabove specified, or shall declare in Writing, by themselves or their Agents, that he, she or they have [no such Claim, they and each of them respectively shall be for ever barred from making any Claim for Compensation whatsoever, under or by reason of the said several Acts above mentioned, or any of them; and if such Party shall by himself, herself or themselves, or his, her or their Agents, declare in Writing, that he, she or they have any such Claim or Claims, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required to enquire and examine into the Nature of such Claim or Claims, and to ascertain whether it be proper that the Compensation, if any, to be made thereon, or on any of them, should be estimated conjointly with the Claim of such Party previously made under the said Act, passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and in case the said Commissioners shall think it fit and proper that the Compensation, if any, to be made on such Claims, or any of them, should be estimated conjointly, and the Party or Parties shall not satisfy the said Commissioners that it is impracticable or injurious for such Party or Parties at that Time to make his, her or their Claim under the said Act, of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required to give Notice thereof in Writing to such Party, and to require him, her or them, within Two Calendar Months from the giving such Notice, to enter a Memorial of such Claim or Claims in the same Manner as is directed by the said last mentioned Act, and upon such Memorial being entered shall without Delay proceed to agree for, or otherwise to estimate and ascertain the Compensation to be made for such Claims conjointly, in the same Manner as is directed by this or any other Act for estimating any Claim made under the said Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and Payment shall be made of the Compensation agreed for or estimated on such Claims conjointly, in the same Manner as is directed for the Payment of any Compensation agreed for or estimated on any Claim made under the said last mentioned Act only; and if any such Party shall, upon any such

14 Notice

A.D. 1806.

46° GEO. III. C. cxxxii.

727

Notice and Requisition as aforesaid, refuse or omit to enter a Memorial in Manner hereinbefore mentioned, within the Time above specified, they and each of them respectively shall be for ever barred from making any Claim or Claims for Compensation whatsoever, under or by reason of the said several Acts before mentioned, or any of them.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all and every Bodies and Body Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and other Persons and Person whosoever claiming Compensation for Loss, Injury or Damage of any Sort sustained by more than One of the above mentioned Acts, to enter at any Time previous to the Twenty third Day of August One thousand eight hundred and six, a Joint Memorial of such Claims, in the same Manner as a Memorial of any Claim is directed to be entered by the said Act of the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty; and the Compensation to be made for such Claims shall be agreed for, or otherwise estimated and ascertained in the same Manner as is directed by this or any other Act for estimating Claims made under the said Act of the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty; and Payment shall be made of the Compensation agreed for or estimated on such Claims conjointly in the same Manner as is directed for the Payment of Compensations agreed for or estimated on Claims, made under the said last mentioned Act only.

XV. And Whereas in Cases where Quays or Wharfs, Ware-

* houses, Docks and other Tenements and Hereditaments, Lighters,

* Craft and other Property, in respect of which the Parties inter-‘ ested therein will be entitled to claim Compensation, have become ‘ less valuable by reason of more than One of the above mentioned

* Acts, it may be very troublesome and difficult to ascertain or dis-

* tinguish the Proportion of the Diminution in Value occasioned by each of the same Acts Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Owners and Occupiers ofr and other Persons interested in such Quays or Wharfs, Warehouses, Docks and other Tenements and Hereditaments, Lighters, Craft and other Property, rendered less valuable by more than One of the above mentioned Acts, (except such of the same Persons as, in pursuance of this Act, shall enter joint Memorials of Claims for the Injury or Damage sustained by them in the Loss or Diminution of their Trade or Business by reason of the same Acts,) to defer entering Memorials of Claims for the Diminution in Value occasioned to such Quays or Wharfs, Warehouses, Docks and other Tenements and Hereditaments, Lighters, Craft and other Property, by the said Act of the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty until the Time of entering Memorials of their Claims under the said Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, when it shall be lawful for them to enter joint Memorials of their Claims for the Diminution in the Value of such Quays or Wharfs, Warehouses, Docks and other Tenements, and Hereditaments, Lighters, Craft and other Property, occasioned by the above mentioned Acts, in the same Manner as Memorials of Claims under the said Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty only are thereby directed to be entered, without being obliged to specify or dis-

3 A 4 ' tinguish

Memorial not entered, Party barred.

Authorizing' Memorials of Joint Claims to be entered previous to the 23d August, 1806.

Memorials of Claims for Diminution in Value of Tenements arrd Hereditaments, and other Property, occasioned by the Operation of more than One of the said Acts, to be entered jointly before the Expiration of the Time limited for entering Memorials under 39 G, 3. c. lxix.

728

Empowering the Commissioners (upon satisfactory Cause being shewn to them) to allow additional or supplementary Memorials to be entered.

Time limited for entering Memorials of Claims.

39 G-3. c.lxix. § 128. not to b< extended.

42 G. 3, c. cxiii. §6.

C. cxxxii. 46° GEO. III. A.D. 1800.

tinguish the Proportion of the Diminution occasioned by each of the same Acts; and the Compensation to be made upon such Claims shall be agreed for, or otherwise estimated and ascertained, conjointly, in the same Manner as is directed by this or any other Act for estimating Claims made under the said Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty; and Payment shall be made of the Compensations agreed for or estimated on such Claims conjointly in the same Manner as isdi-rected for the Payment of Compensations agreed for or estimated on Claims made under the said last mentioned Act only.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, if they shall think fit, upon the Application of any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons claiming Compensation for any Loss, Injury or Damage sustained by reason of the above mentioned Acts, or any of them, and who shall have entered a Memorial or Memorials of such their respective Claims, to allow him, her or them, at any Time before the said Commissioners shall have considered such Claims, and made an actual Offer to the Party or Parties of a Sum or Sums of Money to be paid for Compensation in respect thereof, to amend the Memorial or Me- ' morials so entered, or to enter an additional or supplemental Memorial or additional or supplemental Memorials of their respective Claims, in the same Manner as Memorials are by the said respective Acts directed to be entered, although the Times by the said respective Acts limited for entering Memorials of Claims under the same shall have expired; and the Compensation to be made to such Party or Parties shall be ascertained upon such amended Memorial or Memorials, or upon the original Memorial or Memorials, and the additional or supplemental Memorial or Memorials, as the Case may be, in the same Manner as if the Ground or Matter of Claim contained or specified therein had been contained or specified in the Memorial or Memorials originally entered by him, her or them:Provided always, that no such amended, or additional, or supplemental Memorial shall be admitted or entered, unless the Party or Parties applying to have the same admitted or entered shall shew good Cause, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, why such amended, or additional or supplemental Memorial had become necessary.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend the Time limited and appointed originally for entering Memorials of Claims by the said Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty, save and except as herein mentioned.

XVIII. And Whereas in and by the said recited Act, made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it is ‘ enacted, that no Claim should be made or admitted for any ‘ Compensation by such Act directed to be managed by the Commissioners therein and thereby appointed, before or until the *. Expiration of Three Years next after Notice of the said Docks ‘ and Dock Premises being ready for Use shall have been first ‘ given in the London Gazette, and Two or more public Morning

Newspapers usually circulated in London And Whereas it is in

and by the said recited Act, made in the Forty second Year of

A.D. 1806. 46° GEO. III. cxxxii. 729

+the Reign of His present Majesty, enacted, that when any One or more of the said Docks, with the Bason or Basons, Quays, Wharfs, Warehouses and other Works belonging or to belong thereto, shall be so far completed, that in the Judgment of the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, the same shall be fit for the Reception of Ships and Goods respectively, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, and he and they are thereby respectively authorized and empowered, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to certify and make known the same; which Certificate shall be published Three Times at the least in the London Gazette, and in Two or more public Morning Newspapers then usually circulated in London; and the said Certificate so published as aforesaid shall be deemed sufficient Notice to all Parties interested of the Completion of the Dock or Docks, Quays, Wharfs, Warehouses and other Works, concerning which such Certificate of Approbation shall be made: And Whereas in pursuance of the Directions of the said recited Act, made in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, a Certificate under the Hands of Three of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, declaring the following Works so far completed as to be fit for the Reception of Ships and Goods respectively; videlicet, the Export Dock, situate between the Import Dock and the Canal at the Isle of Dogs, together with the Quays or Wharfs along the North Side of the said Export Dock, extending from the West End to the End thereof, has been published in Two or more public Newspapers usually circulated in London, and also in the London Gazette of the Twenty eighth Day of June, the First Day of July, and the Fifth Day of July, in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and six

Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for No Claims to the said Commissioners for Compensation, acting in Execution of be made for the said recited Acts and this Act, or any of them, and they are j^of hereby required to receive and admit any Claim or Claims for We^India Compensation for any Loss, Injury or Damage, sustained by the Export Dock, Works described in the said Certificate being opened or used for until rhree the Purposes expressed in the said Acts made in the Thirty ninth Yean; after and Forty second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and beh^6 for which Loss, Injury or Damage, the said Commissioners are di- reSyfo^Use, rected to make Compensation, provided that such Claim or Claims but such for Compensation be made after the Expiration of Three Years Claims must from the said Twenty eighth Day of June, and on or before the be made within Expiration of Four Years from the same Twenty eighth Day of ^°howing June; any thing contained in the said recited Acts made in the ear#

Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum or Compensation Sums of Money agreed or awarded to be paid as and for a Com- wa within^ix pensation, under or by virtue of this or any other Act, shall be Calendar111 1X paid within Six Calendar Months from the Day on which such Months after Sum or Sums of Money respectively were agreed for or awarded. the same shall

XX. And be agreed for or awarded.

730

C. cxxxii — cxxxvi.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

For the Indemnity of the Commissioners.

Costs of obtaining, &c. the Act, how to be paid.

[Public Act.]

21 G-.3. c.S8.

XX. And be it further enacted, That ndthing in this Act, or any other of the Acts above mentioned contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to charge all or any of the said Commissioners personally with the Payment of any Sum of Money agreed for or awarded to be paid as a Compensation under or by virtue of this or any other of the Acts above mentioned.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges and Expences incident to and incurred in obtaining and executing this Act, shall be paid by the said Commissioners for making Compensations, in such and the like Manner as other the necessary Costs, Charges and Expences of managing, ascertaining and making such Compensations are directed to be defrayed and discharged.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. cxxxiii.

An Act for enabling the Commissioners acting in Execution of an Agreement made between the East India Company and the Private Creditors of the Nabobs of the, the better to

carry the same into Effect.

[21st July 1806.]

[' Continued until 25th March 1813 — 50 3. c. cciii. — Until

Is/ August 1816 — 52 G, 3. c, clxxxviii. — Until 1st August 1818 — 57 G. 3. c. viii. — Until Is/ August 1821 — 59 3.

c.xxvi. — Until Is/ August 1825 — 3 G. 4. xviii.]

Cap. cxxxiv.

An Act for ornamenting and embellishing the Centre or Area of Bloomsbury Square, in the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Hackney Coaches standing or plying for Hire in and near the said Square.

[21st July 1806.]

Cap. cxxxv.

An Act to alter, amend and enlarge, the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty first Year of His present Majesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Liberties of Beverley, in the County of York.

[21st July 1806.]

[, Jurisdiction of the Court extended to 5l. — §§ 15, 16. of this Act are similar to §§ 13, 14. of 46 G. 3. c.lxxxvii. — And § 24. is similar to § 22. of 46 G. 3. c. lxvi.]

Cap. cxxxvi.

An Act for supplying the City and Suburbs of Glasgow with Water.

[21st July 1806.]

[Subscribers incorporated by the Name of " The Company of Proprietors of the Glasgow Water Works." — See 48 3.

c. xliv. — Powers enlarged, 59 3. c. lxvii.}

A.D. 1806. 46° GEO. III. C. cxxxvii — cxlii.

Cap. cxxxvii.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from a Place called Piffs Elm, in the Tewkesbury Turnpike Road, through to Elston

Church, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Gloucester, (a) [21st 1806.]

Cap. cxxxviii.

An Act for assessing the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Caithness, towards the Expence of supporting such Roads and Bridges therein as shall be approved of by the Commissioners for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland. (a) [21st July 1806.]

[See 43 G.3. c. 80.]

Cap. cxxxix.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Third and Twenty fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Barnstaple, in the County of Devon, (c)

[21st July 1806.]

Cap. cxl.

An Act for appointing new Trustees of certain Estates in the County of Lincoln, and for authorizing the Application of Part of the Rents and Profits thereof, and of other Estates, towards the Augmentation of the Stipends of the Curates of the late Collegiate Church of Saint John of Beverley, in the County of York, and for appointing another Assistant Curate of the said Church, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[21st July 1806.]

Cap. cxli.

An Act for raising, by Sale or Mortgage, a Sum of Money sufficient to pay off and discharge certain Incumbrances affecting certain Estates mentioned in a Deed of Settlement, bearing Date the Eleventh Day of September One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, made on the Intermarriage of James O’Reilly, of Baltrasna, in the County of Meath, Esquire, and Henrietta Nugent, his Wife; and for the more effectually carrying into Execution the Trusts of said Deed, and of certain other Deeds therein and herein particularly mentioned, (q. P.)

[21st July 1806.]

Cap. cxlii.

An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Sir Edward Denny Baronet, of Tralee, in the County of Kerry, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of certain Incumbrances affecting the same, under the Directions of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, and for other Purposes therein mentioned* (q. P.)

[21st July 1806.]

731

25 G. 3. c. 125.

3 G.3. c. 35. 24 G.3. sess.l. c. 31.

732

C. cxliii — cxlvii.

46° GEO. III. A.D. 1806.

Former Acts,

4 G. 1. c. 6. Pr. 1 G.2. Stat. 2. c.S.

9 G.2. c. 21.

3 G.3. c. 46.

23 G.3. c. 100. repealed.

Cap. cxliii.

An Act for enabling the Trustees of certain Charity Lands at Deptford, in the County of K, to grant Building Leases thereof, (q. P.) [21st July 1806.]

[<See55 G. 3. c. 69.]

Cap. cxliv.

An Act for establishing and well governing the Charitable Institution, commonly called The Philanthropic formed for

the Protection of Poor Children, the Offspring of Convicted Felons; and for the Reformation of Children who have themselves been engaged in Criminal Practices; and for incorporating the Subscribers thereto, and for the better empowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful Designs,

[22d July 1806.]

Cap. cxlv.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads leading from Maidenhead Bridge to, and from the said

Bridge to Henley Bridge, in the County of Berks (a)

[22d July 1806.]

Continued for 21 Years, S^c. as therein, 52 3.

c. lxii. — 53 G. 3. c. cxxxvii.]

Cap. cxlvi.

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Susannah Harriot Eyre, the Wife of William Eyre Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Purchase Money in paying off Incumbrances and Charges upon such Estates, and for laying out the Residue of the Purchases Monies in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the former Uses. (q. P.)

[22d July 1806.]

Cap. cxlvii.

An Act for enabling a married Person to hold and enjoy the Office of Warden of Wadham College, in the University of.

(q. P.)

---

[23d July 1806.]

[Index removed.]

