A.D. 1839. 2° & 3° VICTORIA.

C. i — iii.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

N.B. — The Continuance of such of the following Acts as are temporary vhll he known (where it is not expressly stated) by referring to the following List, according to the corresponding Letter 'at the End of the Title.

(a) For 31 Years, &c. [i. e. to the End of the next Session'] from a Day named in the Act.

(h) For 31 Years, &c.from the passing of the Act.

The following are all Public Acts; to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following:

"And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded."

An Act to amend the several Acts relating to the Preston and Wyre Railway and Harbour Company.

[27th March 1839.] [Powers of 5 & 6 W. 4. c. lviii. and 7 W. 4. fy 1 VicL c. xxviii. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1.]

An Act for effecting Improvements in the Streets and other Places within and contiguous to the Town of Manchester.

[Powers of 5 G. 4. c. cxxxiii. 9 6r.4. c. cxvii. 11 GA. 1 W. 4. c. xlvii. 1 W. 4. c.jxvi. 2 Sf 3 W. 4. c. xxxvi. and 6 fy 7 IF. 4. c. xvi. extended to this Act, §1. Saving the Eights of the Manchester and Salford Waterworks Company, §12.]

An Act for incorporating " The Preston Gas Light Company," and for better lighting with Gas or otherwise the Parliamentary Borough of Preston, and the Townships and Places therein mentioned, in the County of Lancaster.

[19th April 1839.]

Cap. i.

Cap. ii.

[19th April 1839J

Cap. iii.

536

C. iv — x-

2° & 3° VICTORIAE.

A.D. 1839.

Cap. iv.

An Act for repairing the Road from Epsom to Tooting, and other Roads communicating therewith, all in the County of Surrey. (a)

[19th April 1839.]

[28 G. 2. c. 57. 20 G. 3. c. 100. 41 G. 3. c.ix. and 55 Cr. 3. c. iv.

repealed, §1. Owe Tb// ow/y to be paid for passing and repassing through all the Gates on the Road, §9. Horses drawing different Carriages to be again liable to Toll, §12. No more Money to be expended in Repair of Roads than is collected thereon, §16. Tolls not to be applied in repairing Streets, , fyc. c., §17.] .

Cap. v.

An Act for enabling the General Cemetery Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and for amending the Act relating to the said Cemetery.

[14th Mag 1839.]

I Powers of 2 3 W. 4. c. cx. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1.]

Cap. vi.

An Act for the better lighting and supplying the Borough of Newark in the County of Nottingham, and the Neighbourhood thereof, with Gas.

[14th Mag 1839.]

[Saving the Rights of the Commissioners of Paving, §99.]

Cap. vii.

An Act for lighting with Gas the Town of Holmfirth and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[14th May 1839.]

Cap. viii.

An Act for providing a Market Place, and for regulating the Markets and Fairs, in the Town and Borough of Burg in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[14th May 1839.]

Cap. ix.

An Act to amend an Act of the Seventh and Eighth of King George the Fourth, for building a new Gaol for the Town of Cambridge, and for making further Provision for Payment of Creditors under the said Act [14th Mag 1839.]

[Powers of 7 fy 8 G. 4. c. cxi. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1. Saving the Rights of the University, §11.]

Cap. x.

An Act for the more effectual Drainage of certain Lands called the Fen and Dales of Timberland and Timberland Thorpe, in the Parish of Timberland in the County of Lincoln.

[14th May 1839.]

[25 G. 3. c. 14. wholly, and 37 G. 3. c. 67. in part repealed, §1. Saving the Rights of the Commissioners of the River Witham, § 74; and of Lords of Manors, §76.]

A.D. 1839. 2° & 3° VICTORIA

C. xi — xvi.

537

Cap. xi.

An Act to enable the Rhymney Iron Company to erect and endow a Church in the Parish of BedweUy in the County of Monmouth.

[14th May 1839.]

Cap. xii.

An Act for making a Turnpike Road from the Town of Redruth in the County of Cornwall to and through the Village of Hayle in the Parish of Phillack in the same County. (b)

[14th May 1839.]

[Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, § 17; and Two full Tolls only to he taken on same Day for passing and repassing through all the Gates on the Line, §18. No Exemption allowed for Horses, SfC. drawing Com, Hay, Manure, &c., unless in Waggons, , fyc. c. with broad Wheels, §22.]

Cap. xiiL

An Act for repairing the Road from Cotton End near the Town of Northampton to Newport Pagnel in the County of Buckingham. (a) [14th May 1839.]

[37 G. 3. c. 177. and 58 G. 3. c. xl. repealed, § I. Tolls to he paid hut once a Day at same Gate, §8. Two full Tolls only to be taken on same Day for passing and repassing through all ike Gates on the Road, §9.]

Cap. xiv.

An Act to extend, alter, and amend the Powers and Provisions of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, relating to the New Cross Turnpike Roads in the Counties of Kent and Surrey.

[14th May 1839.]

£ Powers of 7 G. 4. c. cxxv. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §8. Act to take effect from \st Oct. 1839, and to continue in force for the Term granted by recited Act, §4.]

Cap. xv.

An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Worksop to the Turnpike Road at Kelham, and from Dehdale Hill to the Great Northern Road at South Muskham, in the County of Nottingham, (b) [14th May 1839.]

[10 G. 3. c. 92. 31 G. 3. c. 132. and 52 G. 3. c. xc. repealed, §1. Tolls to be paid hut once a Day at same Gate, jf 9. Three full Tolls only to he taken on same Day for passing from Worksop to the Turnpike Road at Kelham, and from Debdale Hill to the Great Northern Road at South Muskham, §10. Tolls not to be laid out in repairing Streets, §14. No more Money to be laid out in repairing Roads than is collected thereon, §15.]

Cap. xvi.

An Act for extending, improving, regulating, and managing the Harbour of the Royal Burgh of Aberbrothwick in the County of Forfar.

[14th May 1839.]

[Saving the Rights of the Magistrates and Town Council, f 107.]

538

C. xvii — xxii.

2° & 3° VICTORIA.

A.D. 1839.

Cap. xvii.

An Act for discharging the Inhabitants of the Manor of Leeds in the Township and Parish of Leeds in the County of York from the Custom of grinding Corn, Grain, and Malt at certain Water Cornmills in the said Manor; and for making Compensation to the Proprietor of the said Mills.

[14th May 1839.]

Cap. xviii.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts relating to the London and Croydon Railway.

[4th June 1839.]

[Powers of 5 W. 4. c. x. 7 W. 4. c. cxxi. and 1 Vict. c. xx. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1.]

Cap. xix.

An Act for granting further Powers to the London and Greenwich Railway Company.

[4th June 1839.]

[Powers of 3 W. 4*. c. xlvi. 7 W. 4. 1 Vict. c. 1. and 1 <§r 2 Vict.

c. iv. {except as altered) extended to this Act, §1.]

Cap. xx.

An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road from Padbrooke Bridge in the Parish of Cullompton to Hazel-Stone in the Parish of Broadclist, all in the County of Devon, (a) [4th June 1839.]

[53 G. 3. c. lxv. repealed, §1. Tolls to be paid but once a Day,

8.]

Cap. xxi.

An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of Two several Acts of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth and First Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth, and Fourth and Fifth Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth, for improving the Port and Harbour of Perth, and the Navigation of the River Tay to the said City.

[4th June 1839.]

[.Powers of 11 G. 4. fy 1 W. 4. c. cxxi. and fy 5 W. 4. c. lxvii. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §6.]

Cap. xxii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from

Wearmouth Bridge to Tyne Bridge, with a Branch from the said Road to the Town of South Shields, all in the County of Durham.

[4th June 1839.]

[36 G. 3. c. 136. and 58 G. 3. c. xxix. repealed, §1. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, §7. Two full Tolls only to be taken on same Day for passing or repassing through all the Gates from Wearmouth Bridge to Tyne Bridge, and One Toll only from Wearmouth Bridge to South Shields, §8. No more Money to be laid out on Braneh Roads than is collected thereon, §13. Tolls not to be expended in repairing Streets, $14. Penalty of 40s. for hanging out Linen, , fyc. c. within Forty Feet of the Centre of the Road, § 17«]

A.D. 1839. 2° & 3° VICTORIA C. xxiii — xxix.

539

Cap. xxiii.

An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road from the Town of Rugby to the Borough of Warwick, all in the County of Warwick. (a) [4th June 1839.]

[58 6r. 3. c. xxxii. repealed, §1. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, §7. Only Two full, Tolls to be taken on same Day for passing through all the Gates on the Road, §8. Tolls not to be laid out in repairing Streets of Rugby, §13.]

Cap. xxiv.

An Act to consolidate, amend, enlarge, and extend the Powers and Provisions of Two Acts of King George the Third, for better supplying the Town and Neighbourhood of Rochdale with Water.

[4th June 1839.] [49 G. 3. c. xxv. and 56 G. 3. c. lxi. repealed, §1.]

Cap. xxv.

An Act for enabling the Cheltenham Waterworks Company to enlarge and extend their Works, and for amending the Act relating thereto.

[4th June 1839.]

[Powers of 5 G.4t. c. cxxxii. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1.]

Cap. xxvi.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Herefordshire and Gloucestershire Canal Navigation to raise a further Sum of Money, and for amending the Acts relating thereto.

[4th June 1839.]

[Powers of 31 G. 3. c. 89. and 33 G. 3. c. 119. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1.]

Cap. xxvii.

An Act to amend the Acts relating to " The Great Western Railway and to raise a further Sum of Money for the Purposes of the said Undertaking.

[4th June 1839.]

[Powers of 5 fy 6 W. 4. c. evii. 6 W. 4. c. xxxviii. 1 Vict. cc. xci. xcii. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1. Saving the Rights of the Commissioners of Sewers for Westminster, §34.]

Cap. xxviii.

An Act to amend the Acts relating to the London and Southampton Railway Company, hereafter to be called "The London and South-western Railway Company/* and to make a Branch Railway to the Port of Portsmouth.

[4th June 1839.]

[Powers of Sf 5 W. 4. c. lxxxviii. and 7 W. 4. # 1 Vict. c. lxxi. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1.]

Cap. xxix.

An Act for repairing, improving, and maintaining the Roads from Clitheroe, through Whalley, to Blackburn and Mellor Brook in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for making a new Piece of Road to communicate therewith, (a) [14th June 1839.]

[59 G. 3. c. li. repealed, §1. Four full Tolls only to be taken on same Day at same Gate, $12; and Four only from Clitheroe to

Blackburn

540

a xxix — xxxii. 2° & 3° VICTORIA

A.D. 1839.

Blackburn, and Three only from Whalley to Mellor Brook, §13. No Exemption allowed for Road Materials, , fyc. c. if drawn in Carriages with narrow Wheels, $19. Road Materials to pay Half Toll during the Winter Months, §21.]

Cap. xxx.

An Act for making a Turnpike, Road from Morville to Shipton, with a Branch to Brockton, and another Branch from Brockton to Easthopes Cross, all in the County of Salop, (a)

[nth June 183a]

[Tolls not to be laid out in repairing Streets, §18. No Exemption allowed for Lime or Lime Ashes, §21. Two full Tolls only to be taken on same Day between Morville and Shipton or between Morville and Easthopes Cross, and One only between Weston and Brockton or Brockton and Easthopes Cross, §22. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, §23.]

Cap. xxxi.

An Act for repairing, improving, and maintaining the Roads from Bury, through Haslingden, to Blackburn and Whalley, and other Roads communicating therewith, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. (a) [14th June 1839.]

[1 W. 4. c. xxxvii. repealed, §1. Four full Tolls only to be taken on same Day at same Gate, § 12 .; and no more than One full Toll on same Day from Bridge End to Dearden Gate, and Four only from Bury to Haslingden, or from Haslingden along the direct Road to Blackburn, or from Haslingden to Whalley, and Two full Tolls only from the North-west Foot of Fecit Brow to the Dwelling House in the Township of New Accrington formerly in the Occupation of James Fairey, §13. No Exemption allowed for Road Materials, Manure, Agricultural Produce, fycunless drawn in Carriages with Wheels of the Breadth of Four and a Half Inches, §20. Road Materials to pay Half Toll during the Winter Months, §22. Tolls not to be applied in Repair of Roads where there is no Toll Gate, § 25; nor in repairing Streets, , fyc. c., §26.]

Cap. xxxii.

An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Leeds, through Harewood, to the South-west Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate in the West Riding of the County of York, (a)

[14th June 1839.]

[25 G. 2. c. 58. 29 G.2. c. 71. 17 G. 3. c. 78. 36 G. 3. c. 138. and 59 G. 3. c. xcii. repealed, §1. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, §9. Three full Tolls only to be taken on same Day for passing through all the Gates on the Road, §13. No Exemption allowed for Manure unless drawn in Carriages having Wheels of Four Inches and a Half in Breadth, §14. Tolls not to be expended in repairing Streets, , fyc. c., §17.]

A.D. 183&

2° & 8* VICTORIA C. xxxiii — xxxix *

541

Cap. xxxiiL

An Act for repairing the Road from Denser in the County of jKent, through Deal, to Sandwich in the said County. (a)

[14th June 1839.]

[37 G. 3. c. 156. and 58 G. 3. c.xxvi. repealed, §1. On« Toll only to he paid for parsing and repassing through same Gate on same Day, §9. Toll to be paid at Two Gates only between Dover and Deal, or between Deal and Sandwich, §15. Tolls not to be laid out in repairing Streets, fyc, §17.]

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act to enable the General Commissioners for Drainage by the River Witham in the County of Lincoln to sue and be sued in the Name or Names of any One of the said Commissioners or of their Clerk or Clerks for the Time being.

[14th June 1839.]

Cap. xxxv.

An Act for making and maintaining certain Reservoirs in the Township of Rishworth in the Parish of Halifax in the West Riding of the County of York.

[14th June 1839.]

Cap. xxxvi.

An Act for more effectually repairing, improving, and maintaining the Harbour of Eyemouth in the County of Berwick.

[14th June 1839.]

[37 G. 3. c. 49. repealed, §1. Ships in Her Majesty's Service, or in the Employ of the Ordnance, Customs, Excise, or Post Office, exempted from Toll, §27.]

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act for granting further Powers to the Company of Proprietors of the Parrett Navigation.

[14th June 1839.]

[Powers of 6 $7 W. 4. c. ci. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1.]

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act for better lighting with Gas the Town of Brighton, and the several Places therein mentioned, in the County of Sussex.

[14th June 1839.]

[Saving the Rights of Commissioners of Paving, &c., §106.]

Cap. xxxix.

An Act to enable the London and Birmingham Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

[14th June 1839.]

[Powers of SWA. c. xxxvi. 6 W. 4. c. lvi. and 1 Vict. c. lxiv. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1.]

542

C. xl — xlv.

2° & 3° VICTORIA

A.D. 1839.

Cap. xl.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Provisions of the several Acts relating to the Great North of England Railway Company, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[14th June 1839.]

[Powers of 6 % 7 W. 4. c. cv. and 7 W. 4. Sr 1 Vict. c. cii. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1.]

Cap. xli.

An Act for enabling the Liverpool and Manchester Railway Company to extend the Line of the said Railway, and for amending and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts relating to such Railway.

[14th June 1839.]

[Powers of 7 G. 4. c. xlix. 9 GA. c. vii. 106r. 4. c. xxxv. 2 Sr SWA. c. xlvi. 7 8 G. 4. c. xxi. 1 W. 4. c. li. and 7 W. 4.. Sr 1 c. xxvii. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1. Saving the Rights of the Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Railway Company, § 78; and of the Commissioners of Manchester Police, and Directors of the Manchester Gas Works, §80.]

Cap. xlii.

An Act to amend the Acts relating to the South-eastern Railway.

[14th June 1839.]

[.Powers of 6 Sr 7 WA. c. lxxv. and 7 W. 4. Sr 1 Vict. c. xciii. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1.]

Cap. xliii.

An Act for more effectually paving the Streets of the City of Perth; for the better lighting, watching, and cleansing the said City and Suburbs thereof; for maintaining and regulating the Police of the same, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[14th June 1839.] [51 G. 3. c. xxxiv. and 59 G. 3. c.lxxii. repealed, §1.]

Cap. xliv.

An Act for establishing an effective Police in Places within or adjoining to the District called the Staffordshire Potteries, and for improving and cleansing the same, and better lighting Parts thereof.

[14th June 1839.]

[Saving the Rights of Lords of Manors, §118.]

Cap. xlv.

An Act for repairing several Roads leading to the Towns of Basingstoke, Odiham, and Alton, in the County of Southampton, and for making several Deviations in the Line of the said Roads, (a) [14th June 1839.]

[33 G. 3. C. 182. 55 G. 3. c. xv. and 59 6r.3. c.vii. repealed, §1. One Toll only to be taken for passing and repassing through same Gate on same Day, §18. Five full Tolls only to be taken on same Day for passing and repassing through all the Gates on the Road, §19. One Half Toll to be paid for Chalk (except for Manure) , unless drawn in Carts, , fyc. c. with Wheels of the

Breadth

A.D. 1839. 2° & 3° VICTORIA C. xlv — xlviii.

543

Breadth of Six Inches or more, and drawn by a limited Number tf Horses, S^c., §20. Horses, , fyc. c. returning with a different Carriage to be again liable to Toll, §23. Tolls not to be laid out in repairing Streets, §29. No more Money to be laid out in repairing Hoads than is collected thereon, §30.]

Cap. xlvi.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Sixth Year of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, for making a Turnpike Road from Saint Leonards and Saint Mary Magdalen to the Royal Oak Inn at Whatlington, and through Sedlescomb to Cripps Corner in the Parish of Ewhurst, in the County of Sussex.

[1st July 1839.]

\_Powers of 6 Sf 7 W. 4. c. xix. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1. Act to commence from its passing, and continue in force for the Term granted by recited Act, §5.]

Cap. xlvii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Edenfield Chapel to Little Bolton, and certain Branch Roads connected therewith, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[1st July 1839.]

[11 G. 4. 1 W. 4. c. xxxi. repealed, §1. No Exemption allowed for Materials for Roads or Bridges, if drawn in Carriages having Wheels of less Breadth than Four and a Half Inches, § 8; or if intended to be used on Roads in distant Townships, §9. No Exemption allowed during the Winter Months, §10. Two Tolls to be taken on the Branch Road from the BuWs Head to Croston Brow, so long as any Money remains due for that Road, §12. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, §13. Three full Tolls only to be taken on same Day on the Road leading from Edenfield Chapel to Little Bolton, and One full Toll only on the Road leading from Booth Pits to or near Bury Bridge, and Two only on the Road leading from the Bull's Head to Croston Brow, §14. Tolls not to be laid out in repairing Streets, *§ 25. Act to take effect on the Third Friday after passing, and continue in force for Twenty-one Years, §27.]

Cap. xlviii.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Leven in the County of Fife, and otherwise improving the Road from Boreland Loan to Sconie Bridge, (b) [1st July 1839.]

£) 0 G. 4. c. lxxxiv. in part repealed, §1. Powers oflfy%W.4f. c. 43. (>except as altered) extended to this Act, §2. Two Fifth Parts only of Toll to be paid for broad-wheel Waggons of a certain Description, §12. Double Toll to be paid, for Wheels not having a flat Surface, §13. Occupiers of Farms on both Sides of the River exempted from Toll, §17.]

544 C. xlix — liii. 2° & 3° VICTORIA A.D. 189.

Cap. xlix.

An Act for making and repairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of SouthmoUon in the County of Devon, (a)

[1st July 1839.]

[32 G. 2. c. 45. 19 G. 3. c. 81. 42 G. 3. c. i. and 54 G. 3. c. xxi. repealed, §1. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate,

§ 20. Two full Tolls only to be token on same Day on the Roads from SouthmoUon to Kerscott Hilly and Two only from South-moUon towards Tiverton vid Witheridge, and Two only from SouthmoUon to Drayford Bridge, and from SouthmoUon to Chulndeigh and LaJbland Cross, and from SouthmoUon to Nettm-ham Bridge, and from SouthmoUon to Crusey House, and from SouthmoUon to Mochham Gate, §21. No Second Toll to be collected within Four Milesy § 22. Tolls not to be laid out in repairing Streets, §27. No Money to be laid out on Roads unless Tolls collected thereon, §28.]

Cap. 1.

An Act for more effectually maintaining and repairing the Road leading from the West Side of the Entry to the New or Jamaica Street Bridge of Glasgow, by or near Parhhouse9 to the East End of the Bridge at Renfrew.

[1st July 1839.]

[34 G. 3. c. 140. in part repealed, 37 G. 3. c. 161. and 58 G. 3. c. xxvii. wholly repealed, §1. Powers of 1 2 W. 4. c. 43. {except as altered) extended to this Act, §4. Saving the Rights of the Glasgow, Paisley, Kilmarnock, and Ayr, and Glasgow, Paisley, and Greenock Railway Companies, §11. Act to commence from the parsing, and to continue in force for 21 Years, §14.]

Cap. li.

An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powere and Provisions of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Railways from the City of Edinburgh to Leith, and to the Shore of the Frith of Forth at or near to Newhaven and Trinity, all in the County of Edinburgh; and to alter and vary the Lines and Levels of the Railways thereby authorized to be made; and for other Purposes relating to the said Undertaking.

[1st July 1839.]

[Powers of 6 7 W. 4. c. cxxxi. {except as altered) extended to this Act, §10.]

Cap. lii.

An Act for dissolving the Croydon, Merstham, and Godstone Iron Railway Company.

[1st July 1839.]

Cap. liii.

An Act to alter Hie Line of the North Midland Railway, and to | amend the Acts relating thereto.

[1st July 1839.]

{n Powers of 6 fy 7 W. 4. c. cvii. and 7 W. 4. 8? 1 Vict. c. xxiii. {except as altered) , extended to this Act, §1. Saving the Rights of the | Owners of Middleton Colliery, § 16; and of the Undertakers of the Navigation of the Rivers Aire and CaMer, §49.]

A.D. 1839. 2° & 8° VICTORIAE. C.liv — lix. 545

Cap. liv.

An Act to amend the several Acts relating to the Prestxm and Wyre Railway and Harbour Company and the Preston and Wyre Dock Company, and to consolidate the said Companies.

[1st July 1839.]

£ Powers of 5 6 W. 4. c. lviii. 7 W. 4. <§r 1 Vict cc. xxviii. xxix. and 2 # 3 Vict. c. i. (except as altered') extended to this Act, §1.]

Cap. lv.

An Act for extending and for altering the Line of the Manchester and Leeds Railway, and for making Branches therefrom; and for amending the Acts relating thereto.

[1st July 1839.]

[Powers of6Sf 7 W. 4. C. cxi. and 7 W.4t.fy 1 Vict c. xxiv. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1. Saving the Rights of the Colder and Hebble Navigation Company, § 73; and of the Halifax Gas Light and Coke Company, § 78; and of Mr. Sutcliff, § 82; and of the Rev. J. A. Rhodes, § 83; and of the Owners of the Todmorden Hall Estate, § 84?; and of Owners of Land and Undertakers of the Aire and Colder Navigation, §§90. 92.]

Cap. lvi.

An Act for altering and extending the Line of the Bristol and Gloucestershire Railway, and for amending the 'Acts relating thereto.

[1st July 1839.]

[Powers of 9 GA. c. xciii. and Sf 5 W. 4. c. ii. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1. Saving the Rights of the Cheltenham and Great Western Union Railway Company, §59.]

Cap. lvii.

An Act for enabling the Slamannan Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

[1st July 1839.]

[Powers of 5 $6 W. 4. c. lv. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1.]

Cap. lviii.

An Act to enable the Wishaw and Coltness Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and to amend the Acts relating to the said Undertaking.

[1st July 1839.]

[Powers of 10 G. 4. c. evii. 4 4» 5 W. 4. c. xli. and 7 W. 4. # 1 Vict. c. c. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1.]

Cap. lix.

An Act to enable the BaUockney Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and to amend the Acts relating to the said Undertaking.

[1st July 1839.]

[Powers of 7 G. 4. c. xlviii. and 5 % 6 W. 4. c. xcvii. (except as altered) extended to this Act, j 1.]

2 & 3 Vict.

Nn

546

CUx — lxiv.

2° & 3° VICTORIA.

A.D. 1839.

Cap. Ix.

An Act for making Wet Docks and other Works at and near to Jarrow Slake within the Port of Newcastle upon Tyne, and in the County of Durham, to be called "The Tyne Docks."

[1st July 1839.]

[Saving the Rights of the Dean and Chapter, §§ 27 — 30. Vessels in Ballast or without Cargo, and going out of Dock within Four Weeks, or laden with Coals, Culm, or Cinders only, exempted from Tonnage Rate, §128. Saving the Rights of Her Majesty, and the Corporation of Newcastle as Conservators of the River Tyne, §161.]

Cap. lxi.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigations to make a new Cut; and for extending and altering some of the Provisions of their present Act.

[1st July 1839.]

[Powers of 5 fy 6W. 4*. c. xxxiv. (except as altered') extended to this Act, §1. Saving the Rights of the Grand Junction Railway Company, $ 30; and of the Birmingham Waterworks Company, §33.]

Cap. lxii.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Walls, Gates, and other public Works in the City of Norwich, and several Bridges in and near the said City, and for amending the Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the Application of the Tolls and Duties thereby authorized to be raised; and to provide a new Mode of Application thereof.

[1st July 1839.]

[>Sb much of 12 G. 1. c. 15. as relates to the Application of Tolls repealed, §1. 1*2 Vict c. lxxxi. in part repealed, §18.]

Cap. lxuL

An Act for paving, lighting, watching, and improving the Town of Bradford in the County of Wilts.

[1st July 1839.]

[Money arising from Turnpikes not to he laid out in repairing Streets, §20. Saving the Rights of the Lord of the Manor, $108,]

Cap. lxiv.

An Act for erecting, establishing, and maintaining a new Market rin the City of Aberdeen, and for providing suitable Approaches thereto.

[1st July 1839.]

[Saving the Rights of the Magistrates and Town Council, and Commissioners of Police, $$ 102. 122, 123.]

A.D. 1839. 2° & 3° VICTORIA.

C.lxv — lxx.

547

Cap. lxv.

An Act for further improving and maintaining the Harbour of the Burgh of Regality of Fraserburgh in the County of Aberdeen.

[1st July 1839.]

[58 G. 3. c. xxv. repealed, §1. Vessels in Her Majesty's Service, or in the Employ of the Customs, Excise, Ordnance, and Post Office, exempted from Rates, §56.]

Cap. lxvi.

An Act for forming a Canal and other Works within and near certain Lands called the West Croft, in the Parish of Saint Mary in the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham.

[4th July 1839.]

[Saving the Rights of the Nottingham Canal Company, § 8; and of the Proprietors of the Nottingham Old Waterworks Company, § 10; and of the Midland Counties Railway Company, {12; and of the Trustees of the Nottingham Flood Road, §20.]

Cap. lxvii.

An Act for building a new Gaol for the Liberty or Soke of Peterborough and Hundred of Nassaburgh in the County of Northampton, and for other Purposes connected therewith.

[4th July 1839.]

[Saving the Rights of the Lord of the Hundred and of the Bailiff of Peterborough, §70.]

Cap. lxviii.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of Acts for establishing a floating Bridge over the River Itchen near the Town of Southampton.

[4th July 1839.]

[Powers of 4 4* 5 W. 4. c. lxxxv. and 5 fy 6 W.4>. c. lxxi. (except as altered) extended to this Act, { 1. Tolls to be paid but once a Day, §24. Saving the Rights of the Southampton Dock Company, §31.J

Cap. lxix.

An Act to enable the Manchester and Birmingham Railway Company to vary and extend the Line of their Railway; and to amend the Act relating thereto.

[4th July 1839.]

[Powers of I W.A.fyl Vict. c. lxix. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1. Saving the Rights of the Ashton Canal Company, § 3; and of the Commissioners of the Manchester Police, and Directors of the Manchester Gas Works, § 86 .; and of the Manchester and Salford Waterworks Company, §102.]

Cap. lxx.

An Act to enable the Monkland and Kirkintilloch Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and to amend the Acts relating to the said Undertaking.

[4th July 1839.]

[Powers of 5 G. 4. c. xlix. and 3 fy 4 W. 4. c. cxiv. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1.]

548

C.lxxi — lxxvi. 2° & 3° VICTORIA

A.D. 1839.

Cap. lxxi.

An Act for incorporating certain Persons for the making and maintaining a Railway from the Township of Crook and Billy Row to the Byers Green Branch of the Clarence Railway in the Parish of Saint Andrew Auckland, all in the County of Durham, to be called "The West Durham Railway." [4th July 1839.]

Cap. lxxii.

An Act for enlarging the Town Quay of the Borough of Ports-mouthy and for improving that Portion of the Harbour of Portsmouth called The Camber.

[4th July 1839.]

[Vessels in Her Majesty's Service or in the Employ of Public Boards, Vessels and Goods seized by Revenue Officers, or Goods, , fyc. c. shipped or landed for the Public Service, Mails, Officers and Soldiers, their Arms and Baggage, Goods, , fyc. c., exempted from Toll or Wharfage Dues to the Corporation by an Act of the last Session of Parliament; Pilot Boats and Fishing Vessels, Ships in Distress, and Passengers Luggage, exempted from Rates, §68. Saving the Rights of the Portsmouth Floating Bridge Company, § 107; and of the Admiralty and Board of Ordnance, §109.]

Cap. lxxiii.

An Act for the Improvement of the Navigation of the River Moy in the Counties of Mayo and Sligo in Ireland.

[4th July 1839.]

[Vessels in Her Majesty's Service, and in the Employ of Public Boards, exempted from Toll, §76.]

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act to enable the Newport Dock Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

[19th July 1839.]

[Powers of5 8f6 W. 4. c. lxxv. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1.]

Cap. lxxv.

An Act to alter and amend the Powers and Provisions of an Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King William the Fourth, for making and maintaining a Pier and other Works at Deptford in the County of Kent.

[19th July 1839.]

[Powers qf5&6 W.4>. c. xiii. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1. Saving the Rights of the Commissioners of Paving,

§ 25; and of the Kent Waterworks Company, §26.]

Cap. lxxvi.

An Act to alter and amend the Powers and Provisions of an Act for making a Railway from the London and Greenwich Railway to the Deptford Pier, to be called "The Deptford Pier Junction Railway." [19th July 1839.]

[Powers of 6% *7 W. 4. c. lxiii. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1. Saving the Rights of Commissioners of Paving of St. Nicholas Deptford, §14.] i

I

A.D. 1839. 2° & 3° VICTORIA C.lxxviir-lxxxii.

549

Cap. lxxvii.

An Act to amend and extend the Powers of the Northern and Eastern Railway Act.

[19th July 1839.]

[Powers of6Sf*7 W. 4. c. ciii. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1.]

Cap. lxxviii.

An Act to enable the Northern and Eastern Railway Company to alter the Line of their Railway by forming a Junction with the Eastern Counties Railway; and to provide a Station and other Works at Shoreditch $ and to amend the Act relating to the Northern and Eastern Railway.

[19th July 1839.]

[Powers o/6S\r 7 W. 4. c. ciii. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1. Saving the Rights of the Eastern Counties Railway Company, § 58; and of the East London Waterworks Company, § 62; and of the Parishes under the Metropolis Police Act, § 73; and of the Commissioners of Sewers for Holhom and Finsbury Division, the Parish of St. Leonard Shoreditch, and the Liberty of Norton Falgate, §82.]

Cap. lxxix.

An Act to alter and divert the Line of the South-eastern Railway from a Point thereon in the Parish of Chiddingstone in the County of Kent so as to join the London and Brighton Railway at or near Redstone Hill in the Parish of Reigate in the County of Surrey.

[19th July 1839.]

[Powers of 6 7 W. 4. c. lxxv. and 7 W. 4. fy 1 Vict. cc. xciii.

cxix. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1.]

Cap. lxxx.

An Act for better lighting with Gas the Village of Over Darwen in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[19th July 1839.]

Cap. lxxxi.

An Act for maintaining and regulating the Market in the Parish of Sidmouth in the County of Devon.

[19th July 1839.]

[Saving the Rights of the Lord of the Manor of Sidmouth, §31.]

Cap. lxxxii.

An Act for extending and enlarging an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King] William the Fourth, for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Anniesland Toll Bar in the County of Lanark; and for making and maintaining another Branch Road, to be called Saint George's Road, in connexion with the said Road.

[19th July 1839.]

[Powers of 6 fy 7 WA. c. cxxxviii. and 1 4* 2 W.4f. c. 43. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1. Payment of Toll at one Gate to clear all the others on the Road, §8. Act to commence from its passing, and continue in force during the Term of the first-recited Act, §14.]

Nn 3

550

clxxxiii — xci.

2°& 3°- VICTORIA

A.D. 1839.

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Act for forming and establishing " The London Patent White Lead Company and to enable the said Company to purchase certain Letters Patent.

[19th July 1839.]

Cap. lxxxiv.

An Act for forming and regulating a Company to be called "The General Filtration and Dye Extract Company and to enable the said Company to purchase certain Letters Patent.

[19th July 1839.]

Cap. lxxxv.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts and Damages within the Honour of Pontefract, Parcel of Her Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster, in the West Riding of the County of York; and for altering the Practice and extending the Jurisdiction of the Court Baron of the said Honour.

[29th July 1839.]

Cap. lxxxvi.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town of Aberford and other # Places in the West Riding of the County of York.

[29th July 1839.]

Cap. lxxxvii.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town of Rotherham and other Places in the West Riding of the County of York.

[29th July 1839.]

Cap. lxxxviii.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Manor of Glossop and other Places in the Parish of Glossop in the County of Derby.

[29th July 1839.]

Cap. lxxxix.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town or Borough of Grantham in the County of Lincoln, and other Places in the Counties of Lincoln and Leicester.

[29th July 1839.]

Cap. xc.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town of Rochdale and other Places in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[29th July 1839.]

Cap. xci.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town of Warrington, and several other Places adjacent thereto, in the Counties of Lancaster and Chester.

[29th July 1839.]

A.D. 1839. 2° & 3° VICTORIA.

C. xcii — xciv.

551

Cap. x cii.

An Act for altering, amending, consolidating, and enlarging the Provisions of certain Acts relating to the Regulation of Buildings in the Borough of Liverpool.

[29th July 1839.]

[6 G. 4. c. lxxv. 5 fy 6 W. 4. c. liv. and 7 FT. 4. # 1 Vict. c. xcviii. in />ar£ repealed, §1. Saving the Rights of the Liverpool Waterworks and Gas Light Companies, § 75 .; and of the Devisees of the late Duke of Bridgewater, §76.]

Cap. xciii.

An Act for forming and regulating a Company to be called "The Ship Propeller Company and to enable the said Company to purchase certain Letters Patent.

[29th July 1839.],

Cap. xciv.

An Act for regulating the Police in the City of London.

inih August 1839.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for the 10 G*2, c-22;

better regulating the Nightly Watch and Bedels within the City of London and Liberties thereof; and for making more effectual the Laws now in being for paving and cleansing the Streets and Sewers in and about the said City, whereby certain Rates are imposed for the Purposes of the said Act: And whereas a more efficient System of Police has been established within the said City and the Liberties thereof by Day and Night instead of such Nightly Watch, and in order to render the same still more effective it is expedient that the said Act should be repealed, and that other Provisions should be made in lieu thereof: And whereas the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in

Common Council assembled, are willing and desirous to contribute out of the Revenues and Possessions of the Mayor and c Commonalty and Citizens of the said City a Portion of the Expence of the said Police Forced May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from, and after the Twenty-fifth Day of December next after the passing; of this Act the said Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, or such Part thereof as is now in force, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That where in this Act any Word shall be used importing the Singular Number or the Masculine Gender only, the same shall be understood to include several Matters as well as one Matter, several Persons as well as one Person, and Females as well as Males; and where the Word " House " shall be used the same shall be understood to include any Shop, Wharf,

Warehouse, Counting-house, Office, Cellar, Vault, Land, or other Tenement or Hereditament; and where the Word " Rate" shall be used the same shall be understood to mean Rate or Assessment; and where the Word "Owner" shall be used the same shall be understood to include Landlords, Lessees, and other Proprietors;

Recited Act repealed.

Rules for the Interpretation of this Act.

2° & 3° VICTORIAE.

A.D. 1839.

Commissioner of Police Force to be appointed by the Common Council.

Proposal of Candidates by Aldermen, &c.

List of Candidates to be circulated.

Commissioner to be sworn.

Oath.

Commissioner may be appointed a Justice on the Petition of the Court of Aldermen and Court

C. xciv.

and where the Word Justice" shall be used the same shall be understood to mean the Lord Mayor or any Alderman or the Recorder of the said City; unless in any of the Cases aforesaid it be otherwise specially provided, or there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall and they are hereby authorized and required to appoint a fit Person, subject to the Approval of Her Majesty, to be signified by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, as Commissioner of the Police Force of the City of London and the Liberties thereof, with such annual Salary, not less than Eight hundred Pounds, as they shall from Time to Time think proper; and Her Majesty, or the Court of Mayor and Aldermen, may remove the said Commissioner, if She or they shall see Occasion so to do, for Misconduct or other reasonable Cause; and the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, may, upon any Vacancy in the said Office by Death, Removal, or otherwise, appoint another fit Person, subject to the Approval of Her Majesty as aforesaid, as Commissioner of the said Police Force in lieu of the Person making such Vacancy: Provided always, that no Person who shall have been dismissed from the Office of Commissioner of the City Police, or whose Appointment as such Commissioner shall have been once disapproved by Her Majesty, shall be again put in Nomination for the said Office.

IV. And be it further enacted, That on every Occasion of Appointment to the Office of Commissioner of the City Police it shall be lawful for every Alderman or Common Councilman who shall be desirous of proposing any Person for the said Office to lodge with the Town Clerk the Name and Place of Abode of the Candidate whom he will propose, with such Testimonials as to his Qualifications for the Office as the Proposer shall think fit; and all such Statements shall be printed and circulated among the Members of the Common Council, and a printed Copy thereof shall be sent to the Secretary of State Fourteen Days at least before the Day on which the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall finally determine on the Person whom they will elect for the said Office.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Person to be appointed a Commissioner of the City Police shall, before he shall begin to execute the Duties of his Office, take the following Oath before some Justice or Baron of one of Her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; (that is to say,)

I A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly,

according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, execute all the Powers and Duties of Commissioner of the City Police under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of Queen Victoria, intituled [here insert the Title of this Act]. '

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioner shall not be a Justice of the said City, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, if She shall be so pleased, on the Petition of the Court of Mayor and Aldermen, and the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, to appoint the said Commissioner to be a Justice of the Peace in and for the said City

A.D. 1839. 2° & 3° VICTORIAE. C. xciv.

553

and Liberties; but no such Appointment shall authorize the said Commissioner to act as a Justice of the Peace at any Court of General or Quarter Sessions, or in any Manner out of Sessions, except for the Preservation of the Peace, the Prevention of Crimes, the Detection and Committal of Offenders, and in carrying into execution the Purposes of this Act; and in case the Commissioner shall be appointed a Justice of the Peace as aforesaid he shall take all the Oaths usually taken by a Justice of the Peace: Provided always, that whenever any such Commissioner shall resign or be removed from his Office of Commissioner of Police he shall cease to be a Justice of the said City and Liberties as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner, during his Continuance as Commissioner, shall be incapable of being elected or sitting as a Member of the House of Commons, and shall not be engaged in the carrying on or Practice of any other Business or Profession, and shall be exempt from being returned and from serving on any Juries or Inquests whatsoever, and shall not be inserted in any Lists of Men qualified and liable to serve on Juries.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Commissioner or Person belonging to the Police Force appointed by virtue of this Act shall, during the Time that he shall continue in any such Office, or within Six Calendar Months after he shall have quitted the same, be capable of giving his Vote for the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the City of London, or for the County of Middlesex, Surrey, Hertford, Essex, or Kent, or for any City or Borough within the Metropolitan Police District, nor shall, by Word, Message, Writing, or in any other Manner, endeavour to persuade any Elector to give or dissuade any Elector from giving his Vote for the Choice of any Person to be a Member to serve in Parliament for the said City of London, or for any such County, City, or Borough; and if any such Commissioner or Person belonging to the Police Force shall offend therein he shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered by any Person who will sue for the same by Action of Debt, to be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the Commission of the Offence; and one Moiety of the Sum so recovered shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof to the Chamberlain of the said City, to be by him added to and applied as Part of the Fund for the Purposes of this Act: Provided always, that nothing in this Enactment contained shall subject any such Commissioner or Person belonging to the Police Force to any Penalty for any Act done by him at or concerning any of the said Elections in the Discharge of his official Duty.

IX. And be it further enacted, That such sufficient Number of fit and able Men as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall from Time to Time direct, shall be appointed from Time to Time by the said Commissioner to be a Police Force for the City of London and the Liberties thereof; and the Men so to be appointed shall be sworn in as Constables for preserving the Peace, and preventing Robberies and other Felonies, and apprehending Offenders against the Peace; and the Men sworn and to be sworn as aforesaid shall, within the said City and the Liberties thereof, have all such Powers, Authorities, Privileges,

of Common Council

Commissioner not to sit in Parliament, or be engaged in Business, or serve on Juries.

Commissioner and Members of the Police Force not to vote in the Election of Members of Parliament for the City of London or adjoining Counties, or within the Metropolitan Police District.

Police for the City of London and Liberties to be sworn in as Constables.

554

C. xciv.

2°& 3° VICTORIA.

A.D. 1839.

Not to disqualify from receiving Half Pay.

Superannuation Fund to be provided by Common Council for Constables.

Rates of Superannuation Allowance.

vileges, and Advantages, and be liable to all such Duties and Responsibilities, Pains and Penalties, as any Constable duly appointed now has or hereafter may have within his Constablewick by virtue of the Common Law of this Realm, or of any Statutes made or to be made, and shall obey all such lawful Commands as they may from Time to Time receive from the said Commissioner for conducting themselves in the Execution of their Office.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Office or Employment in the City Police shall prevent the Holder thereof from receiving any Half Pay to which, if he did not hold such Office or Employment, he might be or become entitled.

XI. And be it further enacted, That there shall be deducted from the Pay of every Constable belonging to the City Police Force a Sum after such yearly Rate as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall direct, not being a greater Rate than Two Pounds Ten Shillings in a Hundred Pounds; which Sum so deducted, and also the Money accruing from Stoppages from any of the said Constables during Sickness, and Fines imposed on any of the said Constables for Misconduct, and from the Fines imposed by any Justice of the said City upon drunken Persons, or for Assaults upon Police Constables, and all Monies arising from the Sale of worn or cast Clothing supplied for the Use of the City Police, shall from Time to Time be invested in Government Stock by and in the Name of the Chamberlain of the said City, and the Interest or Dividends thereof, or so much of the same as shall not be required for the Purposes herein-after mentioned, shall be likewise vested in such Stock, and accumulate so as to form a Fund, to be called "The City Police Superannuation Fund," and shall be applied from Time to Time for Payment of such superannuation or retiring Allowances or Gratuities as may be ordered by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, at any Time, to any of the said Constables, as herein-after provided.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, on the Recommendation of the said Commissioner, to order that any of the said Constables may be superannuated, and receive thereupon out of the City Police Superannuation Fund a yearly Allowance, subject to the following Conditions, and not exceeding the following Proportions; that is to say, if he shall have served with Diligence and Fidelity for Fifteen Years and less than Twenty Years, an annual Sum not more than Half his Pay; if for Twenty Years or upwards, an annual Sum not more than Two Thirds his Pay: Provided that if he shall be under Sixty Years of Age it shall not be lawful to grant any such Allowance, unless upon the Certificate of the said Commissioner that he is incapable from Infirmity of Mind or Body to discharge the Duties of his Office; provided also, that if any Constable shall be disabled by any Wound or Injury received in the actual Execution of the Duty of his Office it shall be lawful to grant him any Allowance not more than the whole of his Pay; but nothing herein contained shall be construed to entitle any Constable absolutely to any Superannuation Allowance, or to prevent him being dismissed without Superannuation Allowance.

2° & 3° VICTORIA.

C. xciv.

555

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City to make Allowance for any Wounds or Injuries received, or extraordinary Diligence and Exertion shown, or unusual Expences necessarily incurred, by Police Constables in executing the Orders of the said Commissioner in the Apprehension of Offenders and the Preservation of the Peace, not exceeding in any Case the Amount which shall be recommended by the said Commissioner.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner may from Time to Time, subject to the Approbation of the said Mayor and Aldermen, or any Three of them, and also of one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, frame such Orders and Regulations as he shall deem expedient relative to the general Government of the said Police Force, the Places of their Residence, the Classification, Rank, and particular Service of the several Members, their Distribution and Inspection, the Description of Arms, Accoutrements, and other Necessaries to be furnished to them for the Performance of their Duty, and all such other Orders and Regulations relative to the said Police Force as the said Commissioner shall from Time to Time deem expedient for preventing Neglect or Abuse, and for rendering such Force efficient in the Discharge of all its Duties, and shall from Time to Time send to the Secretary of State, and also to the Lord Mayor of the said City, such Returns of the State of Crime and Conduct of the Police within the said City as the Secretary of State or Lord Mayor shall severally require; and the said Commissioner may at any Time suspend or dismiss from his Employment any Man belonging to the said Police Force whom he shall think remiss or negligent in the Discharge of his Duty, or otherwise unfit for the same, reporting the same from Time to Time to the Lord Mayor; and when any Man shall be so dismissed or cease to belong to the said Police Force, all Powers vested in him as a Constable by virtue of this Act shall immediately cease and determine, and he shall forthwith return to the said Commissioner, or to such Person as he shall appoint to receive the same, the Clothes, Arms, and other Necessaries with which he shall have been furnished; and if any Man shall neglect or refuse so to do, such Man, being convicted thereof before any Justice of the said City, shall be committed to the House of Correction for the said City for any Term not exceeding the Space of One Calendar Month, unless the Clothes, Arms, and other Necessaries shall be sooner returned; and it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace to issue his Warrant to search for and seize all the Clothing, Accoutrements, Appointments, and other Necessaries which shall not be so delivered over, wherever the same may be found.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every Constable who shall be guilty of any Neglect or Violation of Duty in his Office of Constable, and shall be convicted thereof before any Justice of the said City, shall be liable to a Penalty not more than Ten Pounds, the Amount of which Penalty may be deducted from any Salary then due to such Offender, or, in the Discretion of the Justice, such Offender may be imprisoned, with or without hard Labour, for any Time not more than One Calendar Month.

Allowance may be made to Police for extraordinary Expences, &c.

The Commissioner, subject to the Approbation of the Court of Aldermen and Secretary of State, may make Regulations for the Management of the Police Force.

Penalty on Constables for Neglect of Duty.

C. xciv.

2° & 3° VICTORIA

A.D. 1839.

Penalty on Persons assuming the Dress, &c. of Constables.

Constables not to resign without Leave or Notice.

Powers of the Police.

Assaults on Policemen.

[Penalty.]

Commissioner of Police may regulate the Route and Conduct of Persons driving Stage Carriages, Cattle, &c. during the Hours of Divine Service.

XVI. And be it enacted, That every Person, not being a Constable of the City Police, who shall have in his Possession any Article, being Part of the Clothing, Accoutrements, or Appointments supplied to any such Constable, and who shall not be able satisfactorily to account for his Possession thereof, or who shall put on the Dress, or take the Name, Designation, or Character of any Person appointed as such Constable, for the Purpose of thereby obtaining Admission into any House or other Place, or of doing or procuring to be done any Act which such Person would not be entitled to do or procure to be done of his own Authority, or for any other unlawful Purpose, shall, in addition to any other Punishment to which he may be liable for such Offence, be liable to a Penalty not more than Ten Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no Constable belonging to the City Police Force shall be at liberty to resign his Office, or to withdraw himself from the Duties thereof, unless expressly allowed so to do in Writing by the Superintendent under whom he may be placed, or unless he shall give to such Superintendent One Calendar Month's Notice of his Intention; and every Constable who shall so resign or withdraw himself without such Leave or Notice shall be liable to forfeit all Arrears of Pay due to him, or to a Penalty not more than Five Pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Man belonging to the said Police Force to take into Custody without Warrant all loose, idle, and disorderly Persons whom he shall find disturbing the public Peace, or whom he shall have good Cause to suspect of having committed or intending to commit any Felony, Misdemeanor, or Breach of the Peace, and all Persons whom he shall find between Sunset and the Hour of Eight in the Forenoon lying in any Highway, Yard, or other Place, or loitering therein, and not giving a satisfactory Account of themselves.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall assault or resist any Man belonging to the said Police Force in the Execution of his Duty, or shall aid or excite any Person so to assault or resist such Man belonging to the said Police Force, every such Offender, being convicted thereof before any Justice of the said City, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay such Sum, not exceeding Five Pounds, as the said Justice shall think meet, or, in the Discretion of the Justice before whom he shall be convicted, may be 'imprisoned for any Term not exceeding the Space of One Calendar Month.

XX. And be it further enacted, That, on the Application of the Minister or Churchwardens of any Church, Chapel, or other Place of public Worship within the said City and Liberties, to the Commissioner of the City Police, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, with the Consent of the Court of Mayor and Aldermen, to make Orders for regulating the Route and Conduct of Persons who shall drive any Stage Carriage, Cart, Cattle, Sheep, Pigs, or other Animals within such Parish or Place during the Hours of Divine Service on Sunday, Christmas Day, Good Friday, or any Day appointed for a Public Fast or Thanksgiving; and any Orders which shall be so made shall be printed and affixed on or near the Church, Chapel, or Place of public Worship to which the same shall refer, and in some conspicuous Places leading and contiguous

A.D. 1839. 2° & 3° VICTORIA.

C. xciv.

557

thereto, and elsewhere, as the Commissioner shall direct; and every Breach of every such Order shall be deemed a separate Offence *

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Proprietor of any Stage Carriage duly licensed to carry Passengers for Hire shall be liable to any Penalty for any Deviation from the Route specified in his Licence which the Driver of such Stage Carriage shall make by virtue of any Regulation or Direction made or given as hereinbefore mentioned.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, with the Consent of the Court of Mayor and Aldermen, from Time to Time and as Occasion shall require, to make Regulations for the Route to be observed by all Carts, Carriages, Horses, and Persons, and for preventing Obstruction of the Streets and Thoroughfares within the City and Liberties, in all Times of public Processions, public Rejoicings, or Illuminations, and also to give Directions to the Constables for keeping Order and for preventing any Obstruction of the Thoroughfares in the immediate Neighbourhood of the Mansion House and Guildhall of the said City, the Royal Exchange, the Bank of England, the General Post Office, and other Places of public Resort within the said City and Liberties, and in any Case when the Streets or Thoroughfares within the said City and Liberties may be thronged or may be liable to be obstructed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Warrant issued by a Justice of the said City of London shall be a sufficient Authority to all the Persons to whom the same shall be directed to execute such Warrant in any Liberty, Town, or Place within the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Hertford, Essex, and Kent, in like Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been endorsed by a Justice or Justices of the Peace in and for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place where the same shall be executed; and that every Warrant issued by any Justice of the Peace of any of the said Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Hertford, Essex, and Kent shall be a sufficient Authority to all the Persons to whom such Warrant shall be directed to execute the same in any Liberty or Place within the said City of London or the Liberties thereof, in like Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been endorsed by a Justice of the said City.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State may, in any Case of special Emergency, at the Request of the Lord Mayor, authorize any Constables belonging to the Police Force appointed or hereafter to be appointed by virtue of an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for improving the Police in and near the Metropolis, to act within the City of London and the Liberties thereof; and in every such Case the Constables of such Police Force shall be under the Command of their own Officers, and shall have all such Powers, Authorities, Privileges, and Advantages within the said City of London and the Liberties thereof, and be liable to all such Duties and Responsibilities, as any Constable duly appointed now has or hereafter may have within his Constablewick by virtue of the Common Law of this Realm; and the said Lord Mayor may, at the Request of the Secretary of State, in any Case of special Emergency, authorize

any

Proprietors of Stages not liable to Penalties for so deviating.

Regulations for preventing Obstructions in the Streets during public Processions.

Warrants of the City Justices may be executed within the Home Counties, and Warrants of the County Justices may be executed in the City of London.

In case of Emergency the Metropolitan Police may act within the City of London under the Authority of the Secretary of State, upon the Requisition of the Lord Mayor, and the City Police may act within the Metropolitan District.

C. x civ.

2° & 3° VICTORIA.

A.D. 1839.

In case of Absence of the Commissioner, the Officer next in Authority to act.

Public Houses to be shut on the Mornings of Sundays, &c.

Publicans prohibited from supplying Liquors to Persons under 16 Years of Age.

Regulation of Coffee-houses, Cook-shops, &c.

Keepers of Cook-shops, &c., permitting internal Communication with Public Houses.

any Constables to be appointed under this Act to act within the Metropolitan Police District under the Command of their own Officers; and in every such Case such Constables shall have the same Powers, Authorities, Privileges, and Advantages as if they had been appointed under the said Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Absence of the said Commissioner from Illness or from any other Cause, it shall be lawful for the Officer of the said Police Force next in Authority to execute all the Duties of such Commissioner during such Period of Time as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the said Lord Mayor, and sanctioned by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State; and such Officer shall during such Time exercise all the Authorities and Powers vested by this Act in the said Commissioner.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Licensed Victualler or other Person shall open his House for the Sale of Wine, Spirits, Beer, or other fermented Articles on a Sunday, Christmas Day, or Good Friday, before the Hour of One in the Afternoon, except for Refreshment for Travellers.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Person licensed to deal in exciseable Liquors who shall knowingly supply any Sort of distilled exciseable Liquor to any Boy or Girl apparently under the Age of Sixteen Years, to be drunk upon the Premises, shall be liable to a Penalty not more than Twenty Shillings, and upon Conviction of a Second Offence shall be liable to a Penalty not more than Forty Shillings, and upon Conviction of a Third Offence shall be liable to a Penalty not more than Five Pounds.

XXVIII. And whereas it is expedient that the Provisions made by Law for preventing disorderly Conduct in the Houses of Licensed Victuallers be extended to other Houses of public Resort be it further enacted, That every Person who shall have or keep any House, Shop, Room, or Place of public Resort within the City of London and the Liberties thereof, wherein Provisions, Liquors, or Refreshments of any Kind shall be sold or consumed, (whether the same shall be kept or retailed therein or procured elsewhere,) and who shall wilfully or knowingly permit Drunkenness or other disorderly Conduct in such House, Shop, Room, or Place, or knowingly suffer any unlawful Games or any gaming whatsoever therein, or knowingly permit or suffer Prostitutes or Persons of notoriously bad Character to meet together and remain therein, shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not more than Five Pounds: Provided always, that if the Offender be a Licensed Victualler, or licensed to sell Beer by Retail to be drunk on the Premises, this Enactment shall not be construed to exempt him from the Penalties or penal Consequences to which he may be liable for committing an Offence against the Tenor of the Licence to him granted.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall make or use, or allow to be made or used, any internal Communication between any House, Shop, Room, or Place of public Resort, not licensed for the Sale of Wine, Spirits, Beer, or other exciseable Articles, and any House, Shop, Room, or Place licensed for the Sale of Wine, Spirits, Beer, or other exciseable Articles, or in which

2° & 3° VICTORIA.

C. xciv. 559

Wine is sold by a Free Vintner, shall be liable to a Penalty not more than Ten Pounds for every Day that such Communication shall be open.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice or the said Commissioner, by Order in Writing, to authorize any Superintendent belonging to the said Police Force, with such Constables as he may think necessary, to enter into any House or Room kept or used for Stage Plays or Dramatic Entertainments into which Admission is obtained by Payment of Money, and which is not a licensed Theatre, at any Time when the same shall be open for the Reception of Persons resorting thereto, and to take into Custody all Persons who shall be found therein without lawful Excuse; and every Person keeping, using, or knowingly letting any House or other Tenement for the Purpose of being used as an unlicensed Theatre shall be liable to a Penalty not more than Twenty Pounds, or, in the Discretion of any Justice, may be committed to the House of Correction, with or without hard Labour, for a Time not more than Two Calendar Months; and every Person performing, or being therein without lawful Excuse, shall be liable to a Penalty not more than Forty Shillings; and a Conviction under this Act for this Offence shall not exempt the Owner, Keeper, or Manager of any such House, Room, or Tenement from any Penalty or penal Consequence to which he may be liable for keeping a disorderly House, or for the Nuisance thereby occasioned.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who within the City of London and the Liberties thereof shall keep or use or act in the Management of any House, Room, Pit, or other Place for the Purpose of fighting or baiting Lions, Bears, Badgers, Cocks, Dogs, or other Animals, shall be liable to a Penalty not more than Five Pounds, or, in the Discretion of any Justice, may be committed to the House of Correction, with or without hard Labour, for a Time not more than One Calendar Month; and it shall be lawful for any Justice or the said Commissioner, by Order in Writing, to authorize any Superintendent belonging to the said Police Force, with such Constables as he shall think necessary, to enter any Premises kept or used for any of the Purposes aforesaid, and take into Custody all Persons who shall be found therein without lawful Excuse; and every Person so found shall be liable to a Penalty not more than Five Shillings; and a Conviction under this Act of this Offence shall not exempt the Owner, Keeper, or Manager of any such House, Room, Pit, or Place from any Penalty or penal Consequence to which he may be liable for the Nuisance thereby occasioned.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Superintendent belonging to the said Police Force shall report in Writing to any Justice, or to the said Commissioner, that there are good Grounds for believing any House or Room within the City of London and the Liberties thereof to be kept or used as a common Gaming House, and if Two or more Householders dwelling within the said District, and not belonging to the said Police Force, shall make Oath in Writing, to be by them taken and subscribed before any Justice, and annexed to the said Report, which Oath every Justice is hereby empowered to administer and receive, that the Premises complained of by the Superintendent are commonly reported and

are

Power to enter

unlicensed

Theatres.

Places used for Bear-baiting, Cock-lighting, &c.

Any Justice or Commissioner empowered to authorize Superintendent of Police to enter Gaming Houses.

C. xciv.

2° & 3° VICTORIAE.

A.D. 1839.

Proof of gaming for Money, &c. not necessary in support of Informations.

Penalty on Pawnbrokers receiving Pledges from Persons binder Age of 16.

Prohibition of Nuisances by Persons.in the Thoroughfares.

are believed by the Deponents to be kept or used as a common Gaming House, it shall be lawful for any Justice or the said Commissioner, by Order in Writing, to authorize the Superintendent to enter any such House or Room, with such Constables as shall be directed by any Justice or the said Commissioner to accompany him, and, if necessary, to use Force for the Purpose of effecting such Entry, whether by breaking open Doors or otherwise, and to take into Custody all Persons who shall be found therein, and to seize and destroy all Tables and Instruments of gaming found in such House or Premises, and also to seize all Monies and Securities for Money found therein; and the Owner or Keeper of the said Gaming House, or other Person having the Care or Management thereof, and also every Banker, Croupier, and other Person who shall act in any Manner in conducting the said Gaming House, shall be liable to a Penalty not more than One hundred Pounds, or, in the Discretion of any Justice before whom he shall be convicted of the Offence, may be committed to the House of Correction, with or without hard Labour, for a Time not more than Six Calendar Months; and upon Conviction of any such Offender all the Monies and Securities for Monies which shall have been seized as aforesaid shall be paid to the Chamberlain of the said City for the Time being, to be applied for the general Purposes of this Act; and every Person found in such Premises without lawful Excuse shall be liable to a Penalty not more than Five Pounds: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall prevent any Proceeding by Indictment against the Owner or Keeper or other Person having the Care or Management of any Gaming House; but no Person shall be proceeded against by Indictment and also under this Act for the same Offence.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be necessary, in support of any Information for gaming in, or suffering any Game or gaming in, or for keeping or using, or being concerned in the Management or Conduct of a common Gaming House, under this Act, to prove that any Person found playing at any Game was playing for any Money, WTager, or Stake.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That after the passing of this Act every Pawnbroker within the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and every Agent or Servant employed by any such Pawnbroker, who shall purchase or receive or take any Goods or Chattels in Pawn or Pledge of or from any Person apparently under the Age of Sixteen Years, shall be liable to a Penalty not more than Five Pounds.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Person who, within the City of London and the Liberties thereof, shall commit any of the following Offences in any Thoroughfare or other public Place, shall be liable to a Penalty not more than Forty Shillings for every such Offence; (that is to say,)

1. Every Person who shall, to the Annoyance of the Inhabitants or Passengers, expose for Show or Sale (except in a Market lawfully appointed for that Purpose) or feed or fodder any Horse or other Animal, or show any Caravan containing any Animal, or any other Shotv or public Entertainment, or shoe, bleed, or farry any Horse or Animal (except in Cases of Accident) , or clean, dress, exercise,

A.D. 1839.

2° & 3° VICTORIA.

C. xciv.

361

train, or break any Horse or Animal, or clean, make, or repair any Part of any Cart or Carriage, except in Cases of Accident where Repair on the Spot is necessary:

2. Every Person who shall turn loose any Horse or Cattle, or

suffer to be at large any unmuzzled ferocious Dog, or set on or urge any Dog or other Animal to attack, worry, or put in fear any Person, Horse, or other Animal:

3. Every Person who by Negligence or Ill-usage in driving

Cattle shall cause any Mischief to be done by such Cattle, or who shall in anywise misbehave himself in the Driving, Care, or Management of such Cattle, and also every Person, not being hired or employed to drive such Cattle, who shall wantonly and unlawfully pelt, drive, or hunt any such Cattle:

4?. Every Person having the Care of any Cart or Carriage who shall ride on any Part thereof, or on the Shafts, or on any Horse or other Animal drawing the same, without having and holding the Reins, or who shall be at such a Distance from such Cart or Carriage as not to have the complete Control over every Horse or other Animal drawing the same:

5. Every Person who shall ride or drive furiously, or so as to

endanger the Life or Limb of any Person, or to the common Danger of the Passengers in any Thoroughfare:

6. Every Person who shall cause any Cart, public. Carriage,

Sledge, Truck, or Barrow, with or without Horses, to stand longer than may be necessary for loading or unloading, or for taking up or setting down Passengers, (except Hackney Carriages standing for Hire in any Place not forbidden by Law, ') or who by means of any Cart, Carriage, Sledge, Truck, or Barrow, or any Horse or other Animal, shall wilfully interrupt any public Crossing, or wilfully cause any Obstruction in any Thoroughfare:

7- Every Person who shall lead or ride any Horse or other Animal, or draw or drive any Cart or Carriage, or fasten any Horse or other Animal, so that it can stand across or upon any Footway:

8. Every Person who shall draw or drive any Sledge, Truck, or

Barrow upon any Footway or Curb-stone, or roll or carry any Cask, Tub, Hoop, or Wheel, or any Ladder, Plank, Pole, Show-board, or Placard, upon any Footway, except for the Purpose of loading or unloading any Cart or Carriage, or of crossing the Footway:

9. Every Person who, after being made acquainted with the

Regulations or Directions which the Commissioner of Police, with such Consent as aforesaid, shall' have made for regulating the Route of Horses, Carts, Carriages, and Persons during the Time of Divine Service, and for preventing Obstructions during public Processions and on other Occasions herein-before specified, shall wilfully disregard or not conform himself thereunto:

10. Every Person who, without the Consent of the Owner or Occupier, shall affix any Posting Bill or other Paper against or upon any Building, Wall, Fence, or Pale, or 2 & 3 Vict. O o write

562

C. xciv.

2° & 3° VICTORIA).

A.D. 1839.

Penalty on Persons discharging Fire Arms near to Dwelling Houses.

write upon, soil, deface, or mark any such Building, Wall, Fence, or Pale with Chalk or Paint, or in any other Way whatsoever, or wilfully break, destroy, or damage any Part of any such Building, Wall, Fence, or Pale, or any Fixture or Appendage thereunto, or any Tree, Shrub, or Seat in any public Walk, Park, or Garden:

11. Every common Prostitute or Night-walker loitering or being in any Thoroughfare or public Place for the Purpose of Prostitution or Solicitation, to the Annoyance of the Inhabitants or Passengers:

12. Every Person who shall sell or distribute, or offer for Sale or

Distribution, or exhibit to public View, any profane, indecent, or obscene Book, Paper, Print, Drawing, Painting, or Representation, or sing any profane, indecent, or obscene Song or Ballad, or write or draw any indecent or obscene Word, Figure, or Representation, or use any profane, indecent, or obscene Language, to the Annoyance of the Inhabitants or Passengers:

13. Every Person who shall use any threatening, abusive, or insulting Words or Behaviour, with Intent to provoke a Breach of the Peace, or whereby a Breach of the Peace may be occasioned:

14. Every Person (except the Guards and Postmen belonging to

Her Majesty's Post Office in the Performance of their Duty) who shall blow any Horn or use any other noisy Instrument for the Purpose of calling Persons together, or of announcing any Show or Entertainment, or for the Purpose of hawking, selling, distributing, or collecting any Article whatsoever, or of obtaining Money or Alms:

15. Every Person who shall wantonly discharge any Fire Arm, or

throw or discharge any Stone or other Missile, to the Damage or Danger of any Person, or make any Bonfire, or throw or set fire to any Firework:

16. Every Person who shall wilfully and wantonly disturb any

Inhabitant by pulling or ringing any Door Bell or knocking at any Door without lawful Excuse, or who shall wilfully and unlawfully extinguish the Light of any Lamp:

17. Every Person who shall fly any Kite or play at any Game to

the Annoyance of the Inhabitants or Passengers, or who shall make or use any Slide upon Ice or Snow in any Street or other Thoroughfare, to the common Danger of the Passengers:

And it shall be lawful for any Constable belonging to the City Police Force to take into Custody, without Warrant, any Person who shall commit any such Offence within View of any such Constable.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person, other than Persons acting in obedience to lawful Authority, shall discharge any Cannon or other Fire Arm of greater Calibre than a common Fowling Piece within Three hundred Yards of any Dwelling House within the City of London or the Liberties thereof, to the Annoyance of any Inhabitant thereof, and every Person who, after being warned of the Annoyance by any Inhabitant, shall discharge any such Fire Arm, shall be liable to a Penalty not more than I Five Pounds.

2° & 3° VICTORIA.

C. xciv.

563

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be found drunk in any Street or public Thoroughfare, and who while drunk shall be guilty of any riotous or indecent Behaviour, and also every Person who shall be guilty of any violent or indecent Behaviour in any Police Station House, shall be liable to a Penalty not more than Forty Shillings for every such Offence, or may be committed, if the Justice before whom he shall be convicted shall think fit, instead of inflicting on him any pecuniary Penalty, to the House of Correction for any Time not more than Seven Days.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall ride upon or cause himself to be carried or drawn by any Carriage within the City of London and the Liberties thereof, without the Consent of the Owner or Driver of such Carriage, shall be liable to a Penalty not more than Five Shillings; or if a Child apparently under the Age of Twelve Years, it shall be lawful for the Justice to cause such Child to be detained until his Parent or Guardian can attend for the Purpose of having such Child delivered into his Care; and if the Parent or Guardian of such Child shall not attend before the rising of the Court it shall be lawful for the Justice to order such Child to be discharged.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That after the First Day of January next every Person who within the City of London and the Liberties thereof shall use any Dog for the Purpose of drawing or helping to draw any Cart, Carriage, Truck, or Barrow, shall be liable to a Penalty not more thart Forty Shillings for the First Offence, and not more than Five Pounds for the Second or any following Offence.

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Householder within the City of London and the Liberties thereof, personally or by his Servant, or by any Police Constable, to require any Street Musician to depart from the Neighbourhood of the House of such Householder on account of the Illness of any Inmate of such House, or for other reasonable Cause; and every Person who shall sound or play upon any Musical Instrument in any Thoroughfare near any House, after being so required to depart, shall be liable to a Penalty not more than Forty Shillings.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who, within the City of London and the Liberties thereof, shall be guilty of any of the following Offences, shall be liable to a Penalty not more than Forty Shillings for every such Offence; (that is to say,)

1. Every Person who in any Thoroughfare shall burn, dress, or cleanse any Cork, or hoop, cleanse, fire, wash, or scald any Cask or Tub, or hew, saw, bore, or cut any Timber or Stone, or slack, siff, or screen any Lime:

Every Person who shall throw or lay in any Thoroughfare any Coals, Stones, Slates, Shells, Lime, Bricks, Timber, Iron, or other Materials (except Building Materials, or Rubbish thereby occasioned, which shall be placed or inclosed so as to prevent any Mischief happening to Passengers):

3. Every Person who in any Thoroughfare shall beat or shake any Carpet, Rug, or Mat {except Doormats before the Hour of Eight in the Morning) , or throw or lay any Dirt, Oo 2 Litter,

Drunkards guilty of indecent Behaviour may be imprisoned.

Children, &c. riding behind Carriages.

Prohibition of Dog Carts.

Street Musicians to depart, when so required to do.

Prohibition of other Nuisances.

564 C. xciv. 2° & 3° VICTORIA. A.D. 1839.

Litter, or Ashes, or any Carrion, Fish, Offal, or Rubbish, or throw or cause any such Thing to fall into any Sewer, Pipe, or Drain, or into any Well, Stream, or Watercourse, Pond or Reservoir for Water, or cause any offensive Matter to run from any Manufactory, Brewery, .Slaughter-house, Butcher's Shop, or Dunghill, into any Thoroughfare, or any uncovered Place, whether or not surrounded by a Wall or Fence; but it shall not be deemed an Offence to lay Sand or other Materials in any Thoroughfare in Time of Frost to prevent Accidents, or Litter or other Materials to prevent the freezing of Water in Pipes, or in case of Sickness to prevent Noise, if the Party laying any such Things shall cause them to be removed as soon as the Occasion for them shall cease:

4. Every Person who shall empty or begin to empty any Privy

or Pigstye between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Twelve at Night, or remove along any Thoroughfare any Night-soil, Soap Lees, Ammoniacal Liquor, or other such offensive Matter, between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Eight in the Evening, or who shall at any Time use for any such Purpose any Cart or Carriage not having a proper Covering, or who shall wilfully or carelessly slop or spill any such offensive Matter in the Removal thereof, or who shall not carefully sweep and clean every Place in which any such offensive Matter shall have been placed, slopped, or spilled; and in default of the Apprehension of the actual Offender the Owner of the Cart or Carriage employed for any such Purpose shall be deemed' to be the Offender: Provided always, that this Enactment shall not be construed to prevent the Commissioners of Sewers of the City of London and the Liberties thereof, or any Person acting in their Service or by their Direction, from emptying or removing along any Thoroughfare at any Time the Contents of any Sewer which they are authorized to cleanse or empty:

5. Every Person who shall keep any Pigstye to the Front of any

Street, not being shut out from such Street by a sufficient Wall or Fence, or who shall keep any Swine in or near any Street, or in any Dwelling, so as to be a common Nuisance:

6. Every Occupier of a House or other Tenement who shall not

keep sufficiently swept and cleansed all Footways and Watercourses adjoining to the Premises occupied by him; and if any Tenement be empty or unoccupied the Owner thereof shall be deemed the Occupier with reference to this Enactment:

7. Every Person who shall expose any thing for Sale in any

Park or public Garden, unless with the Consent of the Owner or other Person authorized to give such Consent, or upon or so as to hang over any Carriageway or Footway, or on the Outside of any House or Shop, or who shall set up or continue any Poll, Blind, Awning, Line, or any other Projection from any Window, Parapet, or other Part

A.D. 1839. 2° & 3° VICTORIA.

C. xciv.

565

of any House, Shop, or other Building, so as to cause any Annoyance or Obstruction in any Thoroughfare:

8. Every Person who to the Danger of Passengers in any Thoroughfare shall leave open any Vault or Cellar, or the Entrance from any Thoroughfare to any Cellar or Room under Ground, without a sufficient Fence or Handrail, or leave defective the Door, Window, or other Covering of any Vault or Cellar, or who shall not sufficiently fence any Area, Pit, or Sewer left open in or adjoining to any Thoroughfare, or who shall leave such open Area, Pit, or Sewer without a sufficient Light after Sunset to warn and prevent Persons from falling thereinto.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Constable belonging to the said Police Force to destroy any Dog or other Animal reasonably suspected to be in a rabid State, or which has been bitten by any Dog or Animal reasonably suspected to be in a rabid State; and the Owner of any such Dog or Animal who shall permit the same to go at large after having Information or reasonable Ground for believing it to be in a rabid State, or to have been bitten by any Dog or other Animal in a rabid State^ shall be liable to a Penalty not more than Five Pounds.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who, by committing any Offence herein forbidden within the City of London and the Liberties thereof, shall have caused any Hurt or Damage to any Person or Property, may be apprehended, with or without any Warrant, by any Constable; and if he shall not upon Demand make Amends for such Hurt or Damage to the Satisfaction of the Person aggrieved, he shall be detained by the Constable in order to be taken before any Justice, and upon Conviction shall pay such a Sum, not more than Ten Pounds, as shall appear to the Justice before whom he shall be convicted to be reasonable Amends to the Person aggrieved, besides any Penalty to which he may be liable for the Offence, and the Evidence of the Person aggrieved shall be admitted in proof of the Offence: Provided always, that if the Person aggrieved shall have been the only Witness examined in proof of the Offence the Sum ordered as Amends shall be paid and applied in the same Manner as a Penalty.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Constable belonging to the said Police Force, and for all Persons whom he shall call to his Assistance, to take into Custody without a Warrant any Person who, within View of any such Constable, shall offend in any Manner against this Act, and whose Name and Residence shall be unknown to such Constable, and cannot be ascertained by such Constable.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Constable belonging to the said Police Force, and for all Persons whom he shall call to his Assistance, to take into Custody without a Warrant any Person who shall unload, put, or throw any Rubbish, Earth, Ashes, Dirt, or Soil into any Part of the River Thames locally situate within the Limits of the said City of London or the Liberties thereof.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Constable of the said Police Force to take into Custody without Warrant any Person who within the City of Londm and the

Mad Dbgs, &c«

Compensation, for Hurt or Damage, not exceeding 10&

Constables majr apprehend Offenders whose Name and Residence is not known.

Constables may take into Custody Persons throwing Mud into the River.

Aggravated

Assaults.

566

C. xciv.

2° & 3° VICTORIA.

A.D. 1839.

Removing Furniture to evade Kent.

Police Constables and Persons aggrieved may apprehend certain Offenders.

Horses, Carriages, &c. of Offenders may be detained.

Persons apprehended without Warrant to be

Liberties thereof shall be charged by any other Person with committing any aggravated Assault in every Case in which such Constable shall have good Reason to believe that such Assault has been committed, although not within View of such Constable, and that by reason of the recent Commission of the Offence a Warrant could not have been obtained for the Apprehension of the Offender.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Constable to stop and detain, until due Inquiry can be made, all Carts and Carriages which he shall find employed in removing the Furniture of any House or Lodging between the Hours of Eight in the Evening and Six in the following Morning, or whenever the Constable shall have good Grounds for believing that such Removal is made for the Purpose of evading the Payment of Rent.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That any Person found committing any Offence punishable either upon Indictment or as a Misdemeanor upon summary Conviction, by virtue of this Act, may be taken into Custody without a Warrant by any Constable, or may be apprehended by the Owner of the Property on or with respect to which the Offence shall be committed, or by his Servant or any Person authorized by him, and may be detained until he can be delivered into the Custody of a Constable to be dealt with according to Law; and every Constable may also stop, search, and detain any Vessel, Boat, Cart, or Carriage in or upon which there shall be Reason to suspect that any thing stolen or unlawfully obtained may be found, and also any Person who may be reasonably suspected of having or conveying in any Manner any thing stolen or unlawfully obtained; and any Person to whom any Property shall be offered to be sold, pawned, or delivered, if he shall have reasonable Cause to suspect that any Offence has been committed with respect to such Property, or that the same or any Part thereof has been stolen or otherwise unlawfully obtained, is hereby authorized, and if in his Power is required, to apprehend and detain and as soon as may be to deliver such Offender into the Custody of a Constable, together with such Property, to be dealt with according to Law.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Person having Charge of any Horse, Cart, Carriage, or Boat, or any other Animal or Thing, shall be taken into the Custody of any Constable under the Provisions of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Constable to take charge of such Horse, Cart, Carriage, or Boat, or such other Animal or Thing, and to deposit the same in some Place of safe Custody, as a Security for Payment of any Penalty to which the Person having had charge thereof may have become liable, and for Payment of any Expences which may have been necessarily incurred for taking charge of and keeping the same; and it shall be lawful for any Justice before whom the Case shall have been heard to order such Horse, Cart, Carriage, or Boat, or such other Animal or Thing, to be sold for the Purpose of satisfying such Penalty and reasonable Expences, in default of Payment thereof, in like Manner as if the same had been subject to be distrained and had been distrained for the Payment of such Penalty and reasonable Expences.

L. And be it further enacted, That every Person taken into Custody by any Constable belonging to the said Police Force

C. xciv. 567

without Warrant (except Persons detained for the mere Purpose of ascertaining their Name or Residence) shall forthwith be delivered into the Custody of the Constable in charge of the nearest Station House, in order that such Person may be secured until he can be brought before any Justice to be dealt with according to Law, or may give Bail for his Appearance before any Justice, if the Constable in charge shall deem it prudent to take Bail, in the Manner herein-after mentioned,

LI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Person charged with any Offence of which he is liable to be summarily convicted before any Justice, or with having carelessly done any Hurt or Damage, shall be, without the Warrant of any Justice, in the Custody of any Constable of the said Police Force in charge of any Station House during the Time when there shall not be any Justice sitting, it shall be lawful for such Constable, if he shall deem it prudent, to take the Recognizance of such Person, with or without Sureties, conditioned as herein-after mentioned.

LII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Person charged with any Felony or any Misdemeanor punishable by Transportation, or other grave Misdemeanor, shall be without Warrant in the Custody of any Constable of the said Police Force at any Station House during the Time when there shall not be any Justice sitting, it shall be lawful for the Constable in charge of the Station House to require the Person making such Charge to enter into a Recognizance conditioned as herein-after mentioned, and upon his Refusal so to do it shall be lawful for such Constable, if he shall deem it prudent, to discharge from Custody the Person so charged, upon his Recognizance, with or without Sureties, conditioned as herein-after mentioned.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That every Recognizance so taken shall be without Fee or Reward, and shall be conditioned for the Appearance of the Person thereby, bound before any Justice at his next Sitting, and the Time and Place of Appearance shall be specified in the Recognizance; and the Constable shall enter in a Book, to be kept for that Purpose at every Station House, the Name, Residence, and Occupation of the Party, and his Surety or Sureties (if any) , entering into such Recognizance) together with the Condition thereof, and the Sum thereby acknowledged, and shall return every such Recognizance to the Justice present at the Time and Place when and where the Party is bound to appear; and if the Party does not appear at the Time and Place required, or within One Hour after, the Justice shall cause a Record of the Recognizance to be drawn up, to be signed by the Constable, and shall return the same to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the said City, with a Certificate at the Back thereof, signed by such Justice, that the Party has not complied with the Obligation therein contained; and the Clerk of the Peace shall make the like Estreats and Schedules of every such Recognizance as of Recognizances forfeited in the Sessions of the Peace of the said City.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That for every Misdemeanor or other Offence against this Act for which no special Penalty is herein-before appointed, the Offender shall, at the Discretion of any Justice before whom the Conviction shall take place, either be Oo 4 liable

taken to the Station House.

Power to take Recognizances at Station Houses on petty Charges.

Power to bind over Persons making Charges.

Condition of Recognizance.

In default of Appearance the Recognizance to be forfeited.

As to Offences for which no Penalty is appointed.

568

C. xciv.

2° & 3° VICTORIA

A.D. 189.

Power to appoint Clerks and Officers.

Corporation to appoint Committee to carry the Act into execution.

Contribution of Corporation of London to the Police Force.

Power to make Rates.

liable to a Penalty not more than Five Pounds, or be imprisoned for any Time not more than One Calendar Month in the House of Correction for the said City.

LV. And be it further enacted, That the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall and may appoint such Clerk and Officer or Clerks and Officers for the Purposes of this Act, or any of them, in such Manner, and with such Salaries or other Allowances, as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall from Time to Time think just and reasonable.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, from Time to Time to appoint One or more Committee or Committees to manage and transact all or any of the Matters or Purposes which they the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, are hereby required to do, execute, or perform, which Committee or Committees shall have such or so many of the Powers and Authorities and Discretion by this Act given to and reposed in the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall think fit or proper to delegate to such Committee or Committees.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City of London shall and they are hereby required to pay and apply in every Year, from and out of their Revenues and Possessions, One equal Fourth Part of the Expences of the said Police Force.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That in order to raise Money for defraying the remaining Three equal Fourth Parts of the said Expences, such just and equal Pound Rate as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall think fit to order and direct, by Writing under the Hand of the Town Clerk of the said City, shall be made, laid, and assessed in the several Wards of the said City, within Fourteen Days after the Order of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, by the Alderman or his Deputy and the major Part of the Common Councilmen of each Ward, upon every Person who shall inhabit, hold, occupy, possess, or enjoy any House within the several Wards respectively, or within any Precinct or Place within the Boundaries of such Wards respectively, or adjoining thereto, and not included within the Limits of the Metropolitan Police District, whether such Person shall be now liable in respect of such House to be assessed to the Relief of the Poor, or be not liable to be assessed to the Relief of the Poor in respect thereof by reason of such House being situate in any Precinct or Extra-parochial Place, for raising such competent Sum and Sums of Money as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall from Time to Time judge needful and direct, so as such Rate do not in any One Year exceed in the whole the Sum of Eight-pence in the Pound on the net annual Value of all such Houses; and in case it shall be considered by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, that a fair and just Assessment has not been

made

C. xciv.

569

made in any of the Wards of the said City, or in any Precinct or Place, Parochial or Extra-parochial (if any) , it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, to direct an Assessor or Assessors to make a fair and just Assessment on the net annual Value, the Expence whereof shall be paid out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act

LIX. And be it further enacted, That all Precincts and Places within the City of London or the Liberties thereof, or adjoining thereto, and not included within the Limits of the Metropolitan Police District shall, for the Purposes of this Act be deemed to be Parts of the City of London and of the Wards which the same respectively adjoin.

LX. And be it further enacted, That where any House, with the Appurtenances held therewith, shall be situated partly in one and partly in another of the said Wards, the same shall, for the Purpose of making Rates by virtue of this Act, but for no other Purpose, be deemed to be wholly within the Ward in which the larger Part of the Space of Ground covered by or contained in the same; shall be situated, and no Rate shall be paid in respect of the smaller Part thereof in the Ward wherein the same shall be situated; and where from the equal Size of the Parts in each Ward of any such Space of Ground, or from Doubts respecting the Boundary of the Wards, or from any other Cause, it shall be doubtful in which Ward the larger Part of such Space of Ground shall be situated, such House and Appurtenances shall be deemed to be wholly situated in such one of the Wards within which any Part thereof shall be situated as the Person assessed or rated in respect of the same shall elect

LXL. And be it further enacted, That where any House in respect whereof any Rate shall be made as aforesaid shall be let out in Apartments by the Owner thereof, any Lodger shall be deemed the Occupier thereof for the Purposes of this Act; and that every Lodger who shall pay any such Rate or any Part thereof, or from whom the same or any Part thereof shall be recovered, in pursuance of this Act, shall and may deduct the same from and out of the next Rent due and payable or to be due and payable from him to such Owner; and the Receipt for such Payment shall be a sufficient Discharge for such Lodger to his Landlord for so much Money as he shall pay or as shall be levied on him by virtue of this Act: Provided always, that no such Lodger shall at any Time be required to pay or be subject or liable to pay any greater Sum for or towards the Discharge of the said Rate and Arrears thereof than the Amount of the Rent actually due or payable by such Lodger to the Owner of the Premises so occupied by him: Provided also, that in all Cases where any Person shall remove from or quit any House which shall be rated or assessed by virtue of this Act, such Person shall be liable to such Rate in proportion to the Time that he occupied the same; gnd in all Cases where any Person shall come into or occupy any House rated or assessed as aforesaid, out of or from which any other Person who shall have been rated or assessed for the same shall be removed, or which at the Time of making any Rate was empty or unoccupied, the Person coming into or occupying the same shall be liable to pay such Rate in respect thereof in proportion to the Time that

he

How Places within the Liberties to be rated.

Buildings, &c. partly in each of Two Wards to be assessed wholly in the Ward in which the larger Part is situated.

In Houses let out in Apartments, the Lodgers to be deemed the Occupiers.

C. xciv.

2° & 3° VICTORIA.

A.D. 1839.

How Houses are to be rated which are let at small Rents; and for the better Recovery of the Rates.

he occupied the same; which said respective Proportions, in case of Dispute, shall be settled and ascertained by the Alderman or his Deputy and the major Part of the Common Councilmen of the Ward respectively.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That when the yearly Rent or Value of any House within the said Limits shall not exceed Twenty-five Pounds, or when any House shall be let to any weekly or monthly Tenants, or in separate Apartments, furnished or unfurnished, and the Rents thereof shall become payable and be collected at any shorter Period than quarterly, then and in every such Case (but subject to the Proviso herein-after contained) it shall be lawful for the Alderman or his Deputy and the major Part of the Common Councilmen of the Ward respectively to compound, if they shall think proper, with the Owner of any such House within the said Limits, for the Payment of the Rates to be made by virtue of this Act, at such a reduced yearly Rental as the said Alderman or Deputy and the major Part of the Common Councilmen of the Ward respectively shall think reasonable, so that no such House be rated at less than Two Thirds or more than Four Fifths of the Rack Rent at which the same shall then be let, or of the annual Value of the said Premises; and the Owner of every such House as shall not exceed the yearly Rent of Twenty-five Pounds, or as shall be let to any weekly or monthly Tenants, or in separate Apartments, furnished or unfurnished, as aforesaid, and the several Rents whereof shall become due and be collected at any shorter Period than quarterly, is hereby required to enter into such Composition with the said Alderman or Deputy and the major Part of the Common Councilmen of the Ward respectively; and in case such Owner shall refuse to enter into such Composition, he shall from thenceforth be rated to and from Time to Time shall pay or cause to be paid the Rates charged upon such House by virtue of this Act unto the Beadle for the Time being, or such other Person as herein-after mentioned, who is hereby authorized and empowered to receive and collect the same, and upon Nonpayment thereof, or of the Amount of such Composition, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Owner of the House aforesaid, wheresoever they may be found, or of the Person inhabiting the same, in such Manner as by this Act is provided for the Recovery of the Rates in other Cases: Provided always, that no such Owner shall be charged with or liable to payTor any increased Rent reserved or made payable to him for or on account of such Owner having agreed to pay the Rate heretofore chargeable upon the Occupier of such House; and provided also, that the Goods and Chattels of every Person renting or occupying any such House, or any Part thereof, the Rate whereof the Owner is hereby made liable and subject to as aforesaid, shall be liable at all Times to be distrained and sold for Payment of such of the said Rates, and of all Arrears thereof, as become due upon the said House during the Time of his Occupancy only; but no such Occupier shall at any Time be required to pay or be subject or liable to pay any greater Sum for or towards the Discharge of the said Rate and Arrears thereof than the Amount of the Rent actually due or payable by such Occupier to the Owner of the House so occupied by him: Provided also, that every

2° & 3° VICTORIA.

C. xciv.

571

Occupier who shall pay any such Rate or any Arrears thereof, or upon whom the same shall be levied, shall and may from Time to Time deduct the same from the Rent due and payable from him to the Owner of such House, unless there shall be some Agreement to the contrary between the Landlord and Tenant; and the Receipt for such Payment shall be a sufficient Discharge for such Occupier to his Landlord for so much Money as he shall pay in the Manner directed by this Act: Provided also, that when the yearly Rent or Value of any House which shall be let out furnished, either altogether or in separate Apartments, shall exceed Twenty-five Pounds, it shall not be lawful for the said Alderman or Deputy and the major Part of the Common Councilmen, upon such Composition being made as aforesaid, to take less than the full Amount of the Rate which shall be assessed in respect of such House, but nevertheless such Composition shall be made in manner aforesaid for Payment of the whole of such Rate with and by the Owner of the said House.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after any Composition at a reduced Rate shall have been made as hereinbefore is mentioned the House therein comprised shall be rated and assessed according to the same reduced Rental, until the Alderman or his Deputy and the major Part of the Common Councilmen of the Ward respectively shall think proper otherwise to rate and assess the said House, and without any Notice to be given to the Owner of the same.

LXIV. And in order to prevent Disputes touching the Designation of Owner of any House within the Limits of this Act, be it further enacted, That the Person legally authorized and empowered to receive and collect, or receiving and collecting, or claiming to be entitled to receive and collect, the Rents of any House from the Tenant or actual Occupier thereof, shall be deemed and taken for the several Purposes of this Act, and every of them, to be the Owner thereof; and in all Cases in which Owners are made liable by this Act, such Person so authorized and empowered to receive and collect, or receiving and collecting, or claiming to be entitled to receive and collect, the Rents of any such House from the Tenant or: actual Occupier thereof, shall be liable as Owner thereof, unless the real Owner shall be declared by himself, or shall be distinctly and certainly known to be such to the Satisfaction of the said Alderman or Deputy and the major Part of the Common Councilmen of the Ward respectively; and such Receiver or Collector of such Rents is hereby authorized to pay the said Rates charged and payable for and on account of such House, and to deduct the same out of the Rents received or to be received by him.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That the Owner of every other House, over and above the said yearly Rent of Twenty-five Pounds, within the Limits of this Act, which is or shall or may be let out ready furnished to a Lodger, or, furnished or unfurnished, in separate Apartments for Counting-houses, Offices, or other Purposes, shall be deemed and taken to be the Occupier thereof for the Purposes of this Act, and shall be liable and subject to the Rates directed by this Act to be made, raised, and levied, according to the yearly Value of the House; and that every Person renting or occupying any such ready-furnished House as aforesaid, or any

Composition for Rates to extend to future Rate*.

Persons receiving the Rents to be deemed the Owners.

Ready furnished House* how assessed.

572

C. xciv.

2° & 3° VICTORIAE.

A.D. 1839.

Directing in what Manner empty Houses shall be assessed.

For making Copies of Rates.

Apartment of any House, shall be liable and compellable to pay the said Rates, to be recovered in manner herein directed; and the Collector for the Time being thereof is hereby authorized and empowered, upon Nonpayment thereof, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Owner of the said House, wheresoever they may be found, or of the Person occupying or renting the same, in such Manner as by this Act is provided for the Recovery of the Rates in other Places; and that every such Occupier who shall pay any Rate, or from whom the same shall be recovered in pursuance of this Act, shall and may deduct the same, together with the Costs of recovering and levying thereof, which such Occupier shall have paid, from and out of the next Rent due and payable from him to such Owner, and the Receipt for such Payment shall be a sufficient Discharge for such Occupier to his Landlord for so much Money as he shall pay or shall be levied on him by virtue of this Act; but no such Lodger shall at any Time be required to pay, or be subject or liable to pay, any greater Sum, for or towards the Discharge of the said Rates and Arrears thereof, than the Amount of the Rent actually due and payable by such Lodger to the Owner of the House so let out ready furnished to him: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to prejudice or vacate any Agreement between Landlords and Tenants.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That if it shall happen that any House within the Limits of this Act shall at the Time of making any Rate be empty, untenanted, or unoccupied, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the Alderman of the Ward where such Premises shall lie, or his Deputy, with the major Part of the Common Councilmen of the said Ward, to rate and assess the said House; and in such Case, as well as in case the said House shall after the making such Rate become empty, untenanted> or unoccupied, not exceeding One Half of every such Rate shall be charged on such House, and be paid by the Owner or by the first Tenant or Occupier thereof, who shall and may and is hereby authorized to deduct and retain the same out of his Rent; and the Owner of such House is hereby required to pay the same, or to allow such Deduction and Payment upon the Receipt of the Residue of his Rent; and the said Tenant or Occupier shall .be and he is hereby acquitted and discharged of and for so much of his Rent as the Rate so paid by him shall amount unto.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Alderman or his Deputy and the major Part of the Common Councilmen for the Time being in each Ward within the said City and Liberties are hereby required to set down in Writing and sign Two Copies of the Rates which they shall from Time to Time make by virtue of this Act for the Purposes aforesaid, in which shall be expressed the Names of the Beadles or other Persons who shall be appointed to collect the same, One of which Copies shall, within Ten Days next after the making thereof, be deposited by the Beadle of the said Ward or other Person in the Office of the Chamberlain of the said City of London, where the same shall remain; and every Person liable to be rated by virtue of this Act shall and may have free Access thereto at all convenient Times, and be permitted to inspect the same, without Fee or Reward; and any Person

2° & 3° VICTORIAE.

C. xciv.

573

neglecting to deposit such Copies in the Manner or within the Time aforesaid, or refusing to permit such Inspection as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence respectively forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to Committee may the said Committee that the Name of any Person who ought to rectify Errors be included in such Rate hath been omitted therein, or that the in the Rates. Name of any Person hath been inserted in such Rate as Inhabitant,

Holder, or Occupier of any House for or in respect of which some other Person ought to have been rated or assessed, or that any House is not rated or assessed according to the net Value thereof, or that any other Alteration or Amendment of such Rate may be necessary, then and in any of such Cases it shall be lawful for the said Committee to add or insert, or cause to be added or inserted, to or in such Rate, the Name of the Person so omitted, together with the Sum for which he ought to be rated and assessed, and the Amount of such Rate in respect thereof, and also to insert and substitute, or cause to be inserted and substituted, the Name of such Person as may be the Inhabitant, Holder, or Occupier of any House, instead of and for the Name of the Person incorrectly inserted in such Rate as the Inhabitant, Holder, or Occupier thereof, and also to alter the Amount of the Sum at which any House shall be rated or assessed, and otherwise from Time to Time to alter and amend the said Rate as they may from Time to Time deem just and reasonable; and that every such Addition, Insertion,

Alteration, or Amendment to or in any such Rate shall be valid and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes; and the Monies charged to any Person in consequence thereof shall and may be demanded, received, and recovered in the same Manner as if the Name of such Person, or other Alteration or Amendment, had been inserted and made in such Rate when the same was originally made by the said Alderman or his Deputy and the major Part of the Common Councilmen of the respective Wards.

LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Committee to said Committee shall and they are hereby required, when and so deliver a Copy often as any Addition, Insertion, Alteration, or Amendment shall of "y Assess-be made by them in any Rate as aforesaid, to deliver or cause to mei^11" w^lch be delivered to the Alderman of the Ward in which such Rate shall be made to shall have been made, or his Deputy, a Copy of such Rate, with the Alderman every or any Addition, Insertion, Alteration, or Amendment which or his Deputy, shall have been made therein, signed by the Town Clerk of the and he or any said City; and in case the Alderman of any Ward, or his Deputy, cVmicilmen10^ and the major Part of the Common Councilmen of such Ward, may^ppeal shall think any Addition, Insertion, Alteration, or Amendment so against the Al-made in such Rate unjust or unreasonable, it shall be lawful to teration to the and for them or any of them to appeal, against such Addition, Court of Alder-Insertion, Alteration, or Amendment, to the Court of Mayor and men* Aldermen of the said City, at the next Court to be held next after a Copy of the Rate, with such Addition, Insertion, Alteration, or Amendment, shall have been delivered as aforesaid; and the Determination of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen respecting the same shall be final and conclusive, and such Rate, according to the Determination of the said Court, shall be valid

C. xciv.

2° & 3° VICTORIA.

A.D. 1839.

For assessing public Buildings and vacant Spaces of Ground.

Corporation or Committee to have the Power of inspecting Tax Assessments, &c.

and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and the Monies charged to any Person in consequence thereof shall and may be demanded, received, and recovered in the same Manner as if such Rate had been made by the said Alderman or his Deputy and the major Part of the Common Councilmen of such Ward respectively, and no Addition, Insertion, Alteration, or Amendment had been made therein.

LXX. And forasmuch as it is reasonable that all public Buildings (Cathedrals, Churches, Churchyards, Chapels, Meeting Houses, Prisons, and Hospitals for sick Persons excepted,) and all vacant Spaces of Ground, should be rated and assessed in a due Proportion towards the Expence of the said Police Force, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Alderman of each Ward within the said City and Liberties, or his Deputy, with the major Part of the Common Councilmen of such Ward, and they are hereby required, at such Time as the Rates herein-before directed to be made by them shall from Time to Time be made, to rate and assess towards the Purposes aforesaid all public Buildings whatsoever, and all vacant Spaces of Ground, situate, lying, and being within their Ward, (other than and except the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul, London, and the Churchyards and Ground within the Iron Rails encompassing the said Cathedral Church, and all Parish Churches, Churchyards, Chapels, Meeting Houses, Prisons, and such Hospitals as aforesaid,) at such Rate as the said Committee shall order and direct for every Square Yard of such public Buildings and vacant Spaces of Ground, not exceeding the Rate of Four-pence per Square Yard; and such Rate so to be from Time to Time made upon any public Building (not being a Cathedral, Parish Church, Churchyard, Chapel, Meeting House, Prison, or Hospital as aforesaid,) or upon any vacant Space of Ground, shall be paid by the Owner thereof; and in case the Owner of any such vacant Space of Ground shall not be known or cannot be found, then the said Rate to be thereon made shall be advanced by the Chamberlain of the City of London for the Time being out of the Cash of the said City in his Hands, and the said Ground shall be and remain a Security to the said Chamberlain and his Successors for Repayment of all Rates so to be by him advanced: Provided always, that Meeting Houses not licensed, and Meeting Houses used for any other Purpose than Divine Worship, shall be rated and assessed in the same Manner as other public Buildings.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That for better enabling the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or such Committee as aforesaid, to make, levy, and assess any such Rate as herein-before is mentioned, every Assessor or Collector of Taxes or Rates, or any other Officer having the Custody of any Tax, Rate, Assessment, or Duplicate thereof, shall and he is hereby required, upon the Request of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or such Committee, at any reasonable Time, to produce to such Person as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or such Committee, shall appoint, any Book in which any such Tax, Rate, Assessment, or Duplicate thereof shall be entered,

and

A.D. 1839. 2° & 3° VICTORIA.

C. xciv.

575

and to permit such Person to examine, copy out, or take such Extracts from the same as may appear to him to be necessary or expedient.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case at any Time hereafter any Owner or Occupier of any House within the said City of l^ndon and Liberties thereof, for and in respect whereof he shall be rated or assessed, or liable to pay any Rate made or to be made to and for the Purposes of this Act, shall refuse or neglect to pay the Money rated and assessed upon him or which he may be liable to pay by virtue of this Act, and all Arrears, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the said City, and he is hereby authorized and directed, by Writing under his Hand, on Complaint made by the said Alderman or Deputy, and the major Part of the Common Councilmen of the Ward respectively, or by the said Committee, or by the Ward Beadle, or any Officer or other Person appointed by them, to summon every Person who shall have refused and neglected as aforesaid to appear at a Time and Place to be mentioned in such Summons before such Justice, or before any Justice who shall be then and there present, the Collector of such Rate having previously made Oath that he had duly demanded the said Rate, and that the same was then in arrear and unpaid; and it shall be lawful for any Person authorized by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, to serve every such Summons upon every Person so refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, either by delivering the same to the Person thereby intended to be summoned, or by leaving the same at his last or usual Place of Abode, or at or on the House for or in respect whereof the Rate mentioned in such Summons shall remain due and owing; and if any Person so summoned shall refuse or neglect to attend at the Time and Place mentioned in such Summons, or if he shall attend, and shall not show good and sufficient Cause to such Justice as may be then and there present that he is not chargeable with such Rate, then and in every such Case every such Person shall pay the Rate in respect of which such Summons was issued, and also the Costs and Charges of such Summons; and in all Cases where such Rate shall not be paid upon such Return of Summons it shall be lawful for any Justice of the said City, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Oath made before him of the due Service of such Summons by the Person who shall have served the same, and Proof on Oath that such Rate is actually due and owing, if the Person shall not attend, and if the Person shall attend, and not show sufficient Cause to the contrary as aforesaid, then upon such Proof that such Rate is actually due, to grant a Warrant under his Hand and Seal authorizing or directing any Person to levy such Rate, and all Arrears thereof, and the said Costs and Charges of the Summons (if the same shall not have been paid before) , and the Costs and Charges of every such Warrant, and also the Costs, Charges, and Expences of executing the same, by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the Person so neglecting or refusing; and if within Five Days next after any Distress shall be made, the said Rate, with all Arrears due thereon, together with all the said Charges for the said Summons and Warrant, and the Charges and Expences of executing the same Warrant, and of making such Distress, and of keeping such Goods and Chattels,

Rates how to be recovered.

576

C. xciv.

2° & 3° VICTORIA.

A.D. 1839.

Costs of Distress.

57 G. 3. c. 93.

Form of Warrant of Distress.

shall not be paid, then the Person authorized by the said Warrant shall cause the said Goods and Chattels to be appraised, and to be sold, either on the Premises where the same shall be distrained or elsewhere, or such Part thereof as in his Judgment shall be sufficient to pay the said Rate, together with all Arrears due thereon, and the said Costs, Charges, and Expences of the said Summons, Warrant, Distress, Removal, or keeping Possession of such Goods and Chattels so distrained, and the reasonable Costs, Charges, and Expences of appraising and selling the same, and shall return the Overplus (if any) to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, upon Demand thereof made by him; and in case no such Goods and Chattels can be found to be distrained by virtue of any such Warrant, or in case any such Goods and Chattels shall be locked up or secured, or shall be removed, so that such Person appointed to collect the said Rate as aforesaid cannot distrain the same, or in case after such Distress and Appraisement of Sale as hereinbefore are directed the Proceeds thereof shall not be sufficient to pay the said Rate, and the said Costs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, then and in any such Case, upon Information thereof given to any Justice of the said City, it shall be lawful for any such Justice and he is hereby authorized and required to issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal for the Apprehension of any such Person making default in the Payment of such Rate and the Arrears thereof, or of any Part thereof, and of such Costs, Charges, and Expences, or any of them, and to commit such Person to the House of Correction for the said City, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding the Space of One Calendar Month, unless such Rate, and all Arrears thereof, and all Costs, Charges, and Expences, or so much thereof as shall remain unsatisfied by any such Distress or otherwise, shall be sooner paid.

LXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Cases where the Amount of such Rate shall not exceed the Sum of Twenty-five Pounds the Costs and Charges levied for the Distress shall not exceed the Costs and Charges specified in an Act passed in the Fifty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to regulate the Costs of Distresses levied for Payment of small Rents.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Warrant of Distress for Nonpayment of any Rate or Composition to be made by virtue of this Act shall be in the Words or to the Effect following: London To the Collector of the Rates for the Police of the 6 wit* J City of London and Liberties, and to all Consta bles, Headboroughs, Beadles, and Peace Officers for the said City:

WHEREAS the under or hereafter mentioned Person [or Persons, if more than One], now or late an Owner or Occupier [or Owners or Occupiers, if more than One,] of a House, Shop, Warehouse, Counting-house, Office, Cellar, Vault, or of Land, or a Tenement, [or of Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Counting-houses, Officers, Cellars, Vaults, Lands, or Tenements, if more than One Person be included in the Warranty or other Hereditaments, or Parts of Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Counting houses, Offices, Cellars, Vaults, Lands, or Tenements, within the said [insert the Name of the Ward], was and is [or were and

A.D. 1839. 2° & 3° VICTORIA.

C. xciv.

577

are, as the Case may be,] rated and assessed or is or are [as the Case may be-\ liable to the Payment of the Sum or Sums of

Money set at and opposite to his or their respective Name or Names [as the Case may be ] hereunder written, by virtue of a Rate or Rates duly made under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Year of the Reign of Queen Victoria [set forth

the Title of this Act: And whereas the said Person or Persons

has or have [as the Case may be] refused or neglected to pay

the Sum or the several Sums of Money set at and opposite his or their Name or Names [as the Case may be-\ hereunder written

due from him or them by virtue of such Rate or Rates [as the Case may be], and the said several Sum and Sums of Money is 1 or are [as the Case may be] still remaining due and unpaid, as appeareth upon Oath to me the Mayor or one of the Aldermen

or Justices of the said City [as the Case may be], and the said several Person or Persons [as the Case may be] having been summoned to appear to answer the Premises, as also appeareth to me the said Mayor, Aldermen, or Justice upon Oath, and

neither he nor they, nor either of them [as the Case may be],

having shown any sufficient Cause why such Sum or Sums of Money [as the Case may be-\ should not be paid by him or them respectively [as the Case may be-\, as also appeareth to me upon Oath: Now these are therefore, in Her Majesty's Name, to will and require you, or either of you, forthwith to levy the said Sum or several Sums of Money [as the Case may be\ due from the said Person or Persons [as the Case may be], and hereunder or

hereafter set at and opposite to his or their Names respectively 4 [as the Case may be], and also the Two several Sums of [inserting the Amount of the Costs and Charges for ike Summons and for the Warranty or for either of them, as the Case may be,] for the Costs and Charges of the said Summons, and of these Presents, by Distress and Sale of his or their respective Goods and Chattels [as the Case may be], such Goods and Chattels being kept for the Space of Five Days before the same are sold, rendering to him or them respectively [as the Case may be-\ the Overplus (if any) , on Demand, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress, and of any Removal or keeping Possession, Appraisement or Sale thereof, being first deducted; and if no sufficient Distress can be had or taken, that then you certify the same to me, to the end such Proceedings may be had therein as to the Law doth appertain: And I do hereby strictly charge and command all and singular the Constables, Headboroughs, and other Her Majesty's Peace Officers for the said City to be aiding

and assisting in all things relating to the Premises.

my Hand and Seal this Day of

of our Lord

A.B.

C.D .....

4 E. F. (the Landlord for divided Premises) 4 G.H.y Landlord for in

compounded for -

' K. L. (Tenant) -

2 & 3 Vict. P p

Given under in the

a.b:

£ s. d.

578

C. xciv.

3° & 8° VICTORIA.

A.D. 1839.

Proceedings against Persona removing Goods without the Rates being paid.

Actions may be frwought for Rates.

Rates may be remitted on account of Poverty or otherwise.

Owners and Occupiers of Markets to be subject to the

LXXV. And for the better enforcing the Payment of the Rates to be made by virtue of this Act, be it further enacted, That if any Person liable to pay any Rate shall at any Time begin to remove his Goods or Furniture from the House in his Occupation within the Limits of this Act, or to sell or dispose of such Goods or Furniture therein by public Auction, or to sell or dispose of or carry away his Goods or Furniture as aforesaid, without paying all Arrears then due or rated in respect of such House, in which the current Quarter shall be considered as due, that then and in any of the said Cases it shall be lawful for the said Beadle for the Time being, or other Person, to collect and levy such Rate, and all Arrears due thereon, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party so beginning to remove, sell, or take away any such Goods or Furniture as aforesaid; and if within Five Days next after such Distress shall be made the said Rate, and all Arrears due thereon, together with the reasonable Charges of taking and keeping the said Distress, shall not be paid, the said Beadle or other Person shall cause the said Goods and Chattels to be appraised and sold, or such Part thereof as shall be sufficient to pay such Rate, together with all Arrears due thereon, and the reasonable Charges of making such Distress, and of keeping and selling the same, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner of such Goods or Chattels respectively.

LXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it. shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or the said Committee, to bring or cause to be brought, in the Name of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or of the Chamberlain of the said City for the Time being, any Action of Debt or special Action on the Case in any of Her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster for any Rate to be made by virtue of this Act which shall exceed in Amount the Sum of Twenty Pounds, in which Action it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff to declare that the Defendant is indebted to the Plaintiff in such Sum of Money as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or the said Committee, shall suppose to be due; and if the Plaintiff shall recover such Sum so declared for, or any Part thereof, he shall have full Costs, to be levied and recovered as othe^ Monies upon Judgments are now by Law levied and recovered.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful from Time to Time for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or the said Committee, and they are hereby empowered, upon the Complaint of any Person subject to the Payment of any Rate made or to be made by virtue of this Act who shall think himself aggrieved thereby, or incompetent to pay the same, to mitigate, reduce, or lessen the same as they in their Discretion shall think just and reasonable, and also to remit or excuse the Payment thereof, or any Part thereof, for any Capse which they shall deem sufficient, - or for or on account of the Poverty or Indigence of any Person liable to pay the same so complaining.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Owners and Occupiers of such public Markets within the said City and Liberties as for the Time being shall not be let on Farm or Lease, their

A.D. 1839. 2° & 3° VICTORIAE. C. xciv. 579

Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall be subject to the Payment of the same or the like Sums of Money as the Farmers or Lessees of such Markets respectively, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, would have been liable to by virtue of this Act if the same respectively had been let on Lease or Farm; and such Sums of Money shall and may be recovered from the said Owners or Occupiers, their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, and may be compounded for by them, in like Manner as the same might have been recovered, and might have been compounded for by such Farmers or Lessees, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Beadles of the several Wards, or such other Persons as the Aldermen, Deputies, and Common Councilmen of such Wards respectively, or the major Part of them, shall from Time to Time appoint, shall collect the said Rate quarterly at the Commencement of each Quarter, and shall severally enter in some Book to be by them respectively kept for that Purpose the several Sums which they shall from Time to Time receive on account of the said Rate, and likewise the Names of the Persons from whom and the particular Times when they received the same, which Book they shall at all Times produce, upon Demand, and show to the Deputies or any of the Common Councilmen of their respective Wards, and the said Committee; and they shall pay the Money by them respectively received on account of the said Rate into the Hands of the Chamberlain of the said City as they shall receive the same, and in such Manner as that no such Beadle or other Person shall ever have a Sum exceeding Twenty Pounds so collected at One Time in his Hands by the Space of Three Days; and if any such Beadle or other Person shall neglect to make such Entries, or shall refuse to produce and show to the Deputy or any of the Common Councilmen of his Ward, or to the said Committee, the Book hereby directed to be kept for the Purposes aforesaid, or shall keep or retain in his Hands more than the said Sum of Twenty Pounds longer than Three Days, in every such Case the Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds for such Offence $ and every such Beadle or other Person shall give a Bond to the Chamberlain of the said City in such Penalty and with such Surety or Sureties as the Alderman or his Deputy, or the major Part of the Common Councilmen of the Ward respectively, shall think proper, for Payment of the Monies to be received by him, and for the due Performance of the Duties of his Office.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Beadle or other Person shall embezzle or make away with, detain, or mis-apply, or become unable to pay any Sum of Money so collected by him, or shall die possessed of any such Sum of Money, and the same shall not be paid by his Surety, or by his Executors or Administrators, or cannot be recovered, then and in every such Case such Sum of Money shall be again rated and assessed on the Inhabitants of the Ward of which such Beadle or other Person was Collector, in such Proportion and Manner as the said Rates are directed to be made by this Act, and shall be collected and levied in such Manner and under such Penalty as are herein-before provided for collecting and levying the said original Rate.

same Payments as Farmers and Lessees.

Beadles, &c. to collect the Rates quarterly, and enter the Sums in Books kept for that Purpose;

Beadles not to retain Money in their Hands.

Penalty for Neglect of Duty.

Beadles to give Bond.

If Beadles, &c. become unable to pay, the Money to be again assessed.

C. xciv.

2° & 3° VICTORIA.

A.D. 1839.

Rate Books to be received as Evidence.

Charges of Ward Clerks 'to be paid out of the Rates.

Common Council to determine the Number of Beadles.

Alderman, &c. of each Ward 4o make Orders and Regulations within their respective Wards.

Expences of Ward Clerks and Beadles,

&c. to be paid out of the Rates levied under 4his Act.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Rates or Copies thereof herein-before directed to be delivered, and also the Books herein-before directed to be kept, and all Entries duly made therein, shall be received as Evidence of the Rates imposed by virtue of this Act, and of the Payment of such Rates, or such of them or such Part thereof as shall by such Entries appear to have been paid, to such Beadle or other Person.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That all the reasonable Costs and Charges of the respective Clerks of the Wards within the said City and Liberties thereof, for making out Books and Copies of the Rates by this Act authorized to be assessed, or in anywise relating thereto, to be ascertained and allowed by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or the said Committee, shall be paid by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or the said Committee, by and out of the said Rates.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the said City, in Common Council assembled, shall and they are hereby empowered and required, between the First Day of October and the Twentieth Day of November next following in every Year, to order and appoint what Number of Beadles they shall judge necessary and proper to be kept within each of the several Wards of the said City and the Liberties thereof for One whole Year, commencing from the Twenty-fifth Day of December next ensuing the said Order, and shall direct what Wages and Allowances shall be given to them for their Attendance.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Alderman, Deputy, and Common Councilmen of each Ward within the said City, or the major Part of them, whereof the Alderman or Deputy shall be One, shall yearly and every Year, within Fourteen Days after the Number of Beadles shall have been appointed as aforesaid, assemble at some convenient Place within their respective Wards, and shall then make such Orders and Regulations concerning the Beadles as the Nature of the Service shall appear to them to require, and such further Orders and Regulations for the better Government and Direction of the said Beadles within their respective Wards as they shall think proper, provided that such Orders and Regulations be not repugnant to the Orders and Regulations which shall be made by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled.

LXXXV. And whereas there are various Charges of Ward

Clerks and Beadles, and other Expences connected with the holding of Wardmotes or other Ward Meetings, and for other local Purposes connected therewith, within the several Wards of the said City, which have heretofore been paid out of the Watch c Rate; be it therefore enacted, That all the reasonable Charges and Expences of each of the several Wards of the said City in respect of the several Matters aforesaid, to be from Time to Time approved and allowed by the Inhabitants of each such Ward in Wardmote assembled, and certified to the said Committee by the Alderman, Deputy, and Common Councilmen of each Ward, or the major Part of them, shall be paid by the said Committee out of the Rates to be made by virtue of this Act; and the said Committee shall charge the same upon such Ward respectively in the

A.D. 1839. 2° & 3° VICTORIA. C. xciv. 581

next succeeding Assessment when the Amount thereof shall be raised in the same Manner as and in addition to the Rate on such Ward for the other Purposes of this Act: Provided always, that a distinct Account shall be kept of all such Charges and Expences separate from the Expence of the Police Force established under this Act.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That any Rents and Payments which may hereafter become due in respect of such Watch-houses in the several Wards of the said City as shall not be required as Station Houses for the said Police Force, until the same Watch-houses can be disposed of, and all other Payments and Liabilities in respect of the Watch within the said Wards respectively which shall from Time to Time be approved and allowed by the Inhabitants of each such Ward in Wardmote assembled, and certified to the said Committee, shall be paid by the said Committee by and out of the said Rates, and the said Committee shall charge the same upon such Ward respectively in the next succeeding Assessment, in addition to the Rate on such Ward for the other Purposes of this Act.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, to make such Allowances to superannuated Watchmen, Beadles, and Patroles as they shall think proper, and such Allowances shall be raised and paid as Part of the Expences of this Act.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers and Authorities directed by this Act to be exercised by the Alderman or his Deputy, and the major Part of the Common Councilmen of any Ward, shall and may during the Election of any Alderman, and while there shall be no Alderman of such Ward respectively, be exercised by the major Part of the Common Councilmen of such Ward.

LXXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Rate for defraying the Expences of the Night Watch in any Ward, or for defraying such Expences, and also for other Purposes, under the Directions and Provisions of the said Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, made previous to the said Twenty-fifth Day of December, shall be levied and collected in the same Manner as if this Act had not been passed.

XC. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Surplus (if any) which on the Twenty-fifth Day of December next shall remain of the Sums of Money received or to be received in respect of the Rates for defraying the Expences of the Night Watch in each Ward respectively, after answering and satisfying all the Payments and Purposes to which such Rates shall be applicable, shall be applied in each Ward respectively towards Payment of the, Ward Clerks and Beadles, and other Expences connected with the holding of Wardmotes or other Ward Meetings, and for other local Purposes connected therewith, as herein-before mentioned.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That from Time to Time there shall be provided and kept by the Chamberlain of the said City for the Time being One or more Book or Books in which all the Sums of Money which shall be raised or received by virtue of this Act, or otherwise received by him, shall from Time to Time, as

Bents of present Watch-houses, until disposed of, and other Liabilities, to be paid out of the Rates.

Allowances to superannuated Watchmen, hft.

How Powers of Act to be exercised when there is no Alderman *

Proviso for Watch Rates . already imposed.

Any Surplus to be applied in aid of the Payment of the Ward Clerks, &c.

Accounts to be kept by the Chamberlain.

582

C. xciv.

2° & 3° VICTORIA.

A.D. 1839.

Accounts to be laid before Parliament yearly;

and before the

Common

Council.

Election of Ward Constables suspended.

If this Act is repealed, the Election of Ward Constables to be revived.

Persons rated not liable to any Watch.

Recovery and Application of Forfeitures.

the same shall be paid, be entered and set down, and wherein also all the Monies to be paid and disbursed out of the Sums of Money to be raised or received as aforesaid shall from Time to Time be entered and set down, and such Entry shall express the Time when, the Occasion for which, and the Names of the Persons to whom the same respectively shall be paid.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be yearly laid before, each House of Parliament a true Account of the Receipts and Application of the Sums of Money which shall be received and paid respectively by virtue of this Act; and in every such Account the Sums which shall have been levied and paid for the Purposes of the Police Force established under this Act shall be shown separately from all other Sums hereby authorized to be levied and paid as Part of the Expences of this Act, or under any of the Powers of this Act.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be yearly laid before the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, a true Account of the Receipts and Application of the Sums of Money which shall be raised and paid respectively by virtue of this Act

XCIV. And be it further enacted, "That from and after the passing of this Act, and until this Act shall be repealed, the ancient Right or Custom of electing Ward Constables in the City of London shall be suspended.

XCV. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if this Act shall be repealed the Right or Custom of electing Ward Constables shall be revived, and shall be exercised in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner as if this Act had not been made; and the Interruption in the Exercise of such Right or Custom shall not be deemed in Law to be a Waiver or Discontinuance of any such Right or Custom, but the same shall b* in as full Force and Effect, and may be claimed and pleaded in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if it had been exercised during the Time in which the Exercise thereof shall have been suspended or interrupted by virtue of this Act; and such Suspension in respect of the Election of Constables shall not affect any other Right, Custom, or Usage of the Court of Wardmote, or the Election of other Ward Officers, but the same shall remain and be enjoyed in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Election of Constables had continued without such Suspension.

XCVI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That no Person who shall be rated and assessed to pay to any Rate to be made in pursuance of this Act shall be liable to any Watch or Ward by virtue of the Statute commonly called the Statute of Winchester, made in the Thirteenth Year of King Edward the First, or any subsequent Statutes relating thereto, but shall be and is hereby discharged of and from the same.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures inflicted or imposed by this Act (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not otherwise particularly directed) may, in case of Nonpayment thereof, be recovered in a summary Way by the Order and Adjudication of any Justice of the Peace for the said City, and afterwards be levied, as well as the

A.D. 1839. 2° & 3° VICTORIA

C. xcir *

583

Costs of such Proceedings, on Nonpayment, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Person liable to pay the same, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, who is hereby authorized and required to summon and examine any Witness upon Oath of and concerning such Offences, Matters* and Things, and hear and determine the same; and the Overplus (if any) of the Money raised or recovered, after discharging the Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture for which such Warrant shall be issued, and the Costs and Expences of recovering and levying the same, shall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods and Chattels so seized and distrained; all which Penalties, not herein directed to be otherwise applied, shall be paid to the Chamberlain of the said City for the Time being, to be applied for the general Purposes of this Act; and it shall be lawful for the said Justice to order the Offender so convicted to be detained in safe Custody until Return can be conveniently made to such Warrant of Distress, unless the said Offender shall give sufficient Security, to the Satisfaction of such Justice, for his Appearance before the said Justice on such Day as shall be appointed for the Return of such Warrant of Distress, such Day not being more than Eight Days from the Time of taking any such Security, and which Security the said Justice is hereby empowered to take by way of Recognizance or otherwise, as to him shall seem right and proper; or in case it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said Justice, either by the Confession of the Offender or otherwise, that he hath no Goods or Chattels within the Jurisdiction of the said Justice sufficient whereon to levy all such Penalties and Forfeitures, Costs and Charges, the said Justice may, at his Discretion, without issuing any Warrant of Distress, commit the Offender for such Period of Time in such and the like Manner as if a Warrant of Distress had been issued and a Nulla bona returned thereon,

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Justice by whom any Person shall be convicted and adjudged to pay any Sum of Money for any Offence against this Act may adjudge that such Person shall pay the same either immediately or within such Period as he shall think fit, and that in default of Payment at the Time appointed he shall be imprisoned in Brideweu or the House of Correction for any Term not exceeding One Calendar Month where the Sum to be paid shall not exceed Five Pounds, the Imprisonment to cease upon Payment of the Sum due and the Costs for Recovery thereof.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That the Justice before whom any Person shall be summarily convicted of any Offence against this Act may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words ato the same Effect, as the Case may require; that is to say,

London i BE it remembered, That on the " Day of

i to wlt* J in the Year of our Lord

at in the City of London, A.B. is convicted before

c me [or us] Mayor, One [or Two] of the Aldermen or Justices of the said City, for that he the said A*B. did [specify the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where the same was committed, as the Case may be-]\ and I [or we] Mayor, the said c Alderman [or Aldermen], Justice [or Justices], adjudge the said

Scale of Imprisonment for Nonpayment of Penalties.

Convictions to be drawn up in following Form *

Form of Conviction *

584

Justices may summons for the Recovery of Penalties.

Appeal

A.B. for his said Offence to forfeit and pay the Sum of [here state the Amount of the Sum to he paid], and in default of immediate Payment of the said Sum to be imprisoned in the for the Space of unless the said Sum shall be

sooner paid; and I [or we] order that the said Sum shall be paid by the said A.B. on or before the Day of

and in default of Payment on or before that Day I [or we] adjudge the said A.B. to be imprisoned in the for the Space of unless the said Sum shall be sooner

paid; and I [or we] direct that the said Sum shall be paid to the Chamberlain of the said City of London, to be by him applied according to the Act passed in the Year of the Reign j

of Queen Victoria, intituled [here set forth the Title of this Act].

4 Given under my Hand and Seal [or our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year first above mentioned. '

C. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which any Rate made by virtue of this Act, or any Penalty or Forfeiture hereby imposed, is made recoverable before any Justice, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice to whom Complaint shall be made of any Offence against this Act to summon the Party complained against before him, and on such Summons to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint, and on Proof of the Offence to convict the Offender, and to adjudge him to pay the Penalty or Forfeiture incurred, and to proceed to recover the same, although no Information in Writing shall have been exhibited or taken by or before the said Justice; and all such Proceedings by Summons without Information shall be as good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if an Information in Writing had been exhibited.

CI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person who shall think himself aggrieved or over-rated by any Rate made in pursuance of this Act, and also for any Person who shall be convicted by any Justice of the said City of any Offence against this Act, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the said City, at their General or Quarter Sessions to be holden for the said City of London within Three Calendar Months next after such Cause of Complaint shall arise, unless the same shall arise within Fourteen Days preceding such Sessions, in which Case such Appeal may be brought at the Second Sessions after such Cause shall arise; and the said Justices are hereby authorized and required to take cognizance thereof, and to hear and determine such Complaint, and shall and may, if they see Cause, amend the said Rate, or vacate or set aside the Conviction, and set the Parties at liberty, or otherwise may ratify or confirm the same respectively, with such Costs as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and shall and may levy by their Order or Warrant such Costs so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person who shall refuse to pay the same, and for Want of sufficient Distress shall and may commit such Person to the House of Correction for the said City of London for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, or until Payment of such Costs, but may be liberated on entering into such Recognizance as any such Justice shall direct: Provided always, that the Person so appealing as aforesaid shall and he is hereby required to give Notice in Writing

A.D. 1839. 2° & 3° VICTORIAE.

C. xciv, xcv.

585

of such his Intention of bringing or prosecuting such Appeal Fourteen Days before the said General or Quarter Sessions, and shall, before such Notice given, enter into a Recognizance before some Justice of the said City, in the Sum of Twenty Pounds, with Two sufficient Sureties in the Sum of Ten Pounds each, with Condition to prosecute such Appeal, and to pay all Costs in case such Appeal shall be determined against the Party so appealing.

CII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person, although liable to the Payment of Money towards the Rates authorized to be raised by this Act, shall by reason thereof, or by reason of the Application of any Penalty towards the Purposes of this Act, or by reason of his being a Freeman of the City of London, be deemed to be an incompetent Witness before-any Court or Justice in any Proceeding whatever for any Offence against this Act, or in any Matter relating to the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act, or in any other Matter mentioned in this Act; and no Justice shall be disabled from acting in the Execution of this Act by reason of his being liable to the Payment of any Money towards the Rates authorized to be raised by this Act.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That no Conviction, Order, Warrant, or other Matter made or purporting to be made by virtue of this Act shall be quashed for Want of Form; and no Warrant of Commitment shall be held void by reason of any Defect therein, provided that it be therein alleged that the Party has been convicted, and there be a good and valid Conviction to sustain the same; and where any Distress shall be made for levying any Money by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party making the same be deemed a Trespasser, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Party distraining be deemed a Trespasser ab initio on account of any Irregularity afterwards committed by him, but the Person aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage (if any) in an Action upon the Case.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and incident thereto, shall be defrayed by and out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act.

CV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others.

Persons paying Police Rate, or being Freemen, not to be deemed incompetent Witnesses.

No Proceeding to be quashed for Informality, or Defect in Warrant, &e.

Expences of this Act.

[Public Act.]

Cap. xcv.

An Act for extending the Line of the Railway between London and BlacktoaU called "The Commercial Railway and for amending the Acts relating thereto.

[17th August 1839.]

[Powers qf6fy7 W.4. c. cxxiii. and 7 W. 4. 1 Vict. c. cxxxiii.

(except as altered) extended to this Act, §1. Saving the Rights of the Commissioners of Sewers for the City of London, § 32; and of the New River Waterworks Company, §38.]

586

C. xcvi — cv.

2° & 3° VICTORIA

A.D. 1839.

Cap. xcvi.

An Act for establishing a General Cemetery for the Interment of the Dead in the Parish of Brighton in the County of Sussex.

[17th August 1839.]

Cap. xcvii.

An Act for the more speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Manor of Hatfield and other Places in the West Riding of the County of York.

[17th August 1839.]

Cap. xcviii.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town of JBelper and several other Places in the County of Derby.

[17th August 1839.]

Cap. xcix.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Borough of Newark and Other Places in the Counties of Nottingham and Lincoln.

[17th August 1839.]

Cap. c.

An Act for the more easy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Prestwich-cum Oldham and Middleton in the County of Lancaster.

[17th August 1839.]

Cap. ci.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town of Bury and other Places therein mentioned in the County of Lancaster.

[17th August 1839.]

Cap. cii.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parish of Wirksworth, and other Parishes and Places adjacent or near thereto, in the several Counties of Derby and Stafford.

[17th August 1839.]

Cap. ciii.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parish of Eckington and other Places in the County of Derby.

[17th August 1839.]

Cap. civ.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Borough and Parish of Chesterfield^ and other Parishes and Places adjacent or near thereto, in the County of Derby.

[17th August 1839.]

Cap. cv.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, and other Places therein mentioned, in the Counties of Nottingham and Derby.

[17th August 1839.]

A.D. 1839. 2° & 3° VICTORIA C. cvi, cvii.

Cap. cvi.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Keighley, Bingley, Guiseley, Colverley, Bailey, Birstai, Mirfield, Hartishead-cum-Clifton, Almondbury, Kirkheaton, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of in the County of York.

[24th August 1839.]

[33 6r. 3. c. 84. tn part repealed, §1.]

Cap. cvii.

An Act for further extending the Approaches to London Bridge, and amending the Acts relating thereto.

[26th August 1839.]

[4 6r. 4. c. 1. 7 C?. 4. c. xl. 7 # 8 C. 4. c. xxx. 10 Cr. 4. c. cxxxvi. 11 Cr. 4. o. lxiv. 1 IP. 4. c. iii. 2 # 3 IP. 4. c. xxiii. and 4 <§* 5 JP. 4. c. xiii. recited, §1. Saving the Rights of Her Majesty and the Corporation of London, § 106; and of Commissioners of Sewers for the City of London, §107.]

588

Pft C. 1 — 3.

2° & 3° VICTORIA.

A.D. 1839.

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE QUEENS PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

N.B. — To each of these Acts is annexed a Clause in the Form

following:

" And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by " the several Printers to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty duly " authorized to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom; and " a Copy thereof so printed by any of them shall be admitted " as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others."

Cap. 1.

An Act for inclosing certain Open and Common Downs or Sheep-walks within the several Tithings of Oxenbourn and Ramsdean in the Parish and Manor of Eastmeon in the County of Southampton.

[14th Mag 1839.]

[Allotments to be made for Chalk and Gravel Pits, and for Watering Places for Cattle, § 27; and for poor Cottagers, § 28; and for Exercise and Recreation, § 2 9; and to the Lard of the Manor in Right of Soil, §30.]

Cap. 2.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Honour or Lordship of Chirk and Chirk Land in the several Parishes of Llangollen and Llainsaintfraid Glyn Ceiring in the County of Denbigh.

[14th May 1839.]

[Allotment to be made for Materials for Roads, § 50; and for supplying the Inhabitants with Water, § 51; and for Exercise and Recreation, § 52; and to the Lady of the Honour or Lordship, §53. Saving of Manorial Rights, §75.]

Cap. 3.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stow cum Quy in the County of Cambridge.

[14th May 1839.]

[Powers of 41 G. 3. c. 109. and 1 # 2 G. 4. c. 23. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1. Allotment to be made to Lord of the Manor in Right of Soil, § 43; and for Exercise and Recreation of the Inhabitants, §44. Saving the Rights of the Bedford Level Corporation, §78.]

A.D. 1839.

2° & 3° VICTORIA.

Pr. C. 4 — 9.

589

Cap A.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Moulton in the County of Suffolk.

[14th May 1839.]

[Powers of 41 G, 3. c. 109. and 1 fy 2 G. 4. c. 23. (except as altered) extended to this Act, £ 1. Allotment to be made for Repair of Highways, $ 45; and to the Lord of the Manor for Right of Soil, § 46; and to the Rector for Glebe and Common Rights, §47. Rector, with Consent of Bishop and Patron, may lease his Allotment for Twenty-one Years, to commence within Twelve Calendar Months after the passing of the Act, §48. Allotment to be made for Exercise and Recreation of the Inhabitants, §49. Rectors Allotment to he fenced at the general Expence, §55.]

Cap. 5.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Fretheme and Saul in the County of Gloucester.

[14th May 1839.]

[Allotment to be made for Recreation of the Poor, § 35; and to the Lords of the Manors of Fretheme and Saul for Right of Soil, §36.2

Cap. 6.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Melhoum in the County of Cambridge.

[14th May 1839.]

[Powers of 41G. 3. c. 109. and 1 <$ 2 G. 4. c. 23. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1. Allotment to be made for Repair of Highways, § 42; and to the Lords of the several Manors for Right of Soil, § 43; and to the Impropriators and Vicar in lieu of Glebe and Common Rights, §44. Vicar, with Consent of the Bishop and Patron, may lease his Allotment for Twenty-one Years, to commence within Twelve Calendar Months after the passing of the Act, §45. Allotment to be made for Recreation of the Inhabitants, §46. Vicars Allotments to he fenced at the general Expence, §52.]

Cap. 7.

An Act for the Sale of the Advowson of the Vicarage of Tetbury in the County of Gloucester.

[14th May 1839.]

Cap. 8.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Berkeley in the County of Gloucester.

[4th June 1839.]

[Allotment to be made for Recreation of the Poor, § 37; and to the Lord of the Manors for Right of Soil, §38. Powers of 41 G. 3. c. 109. and 1 # 2 G. 4. c. 23. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §77. Saving Rights of the Lord of the Manors, §79.]

Cap. 9.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Totley in the Parish of Dronfidd in the County of Derby.

[4th June 1839.]

[Allotments to be made for Watering Places and for Materials for Roads, § 24; and to the Lord of the Manor for Right of Soil,

§3 9;

590

Pr. C. 9 — 14.

2° & 3° VICTORIA.

A.D. 189.

§ 3 9; and for Recreation of the Inhabitants, §40. Allotment to Lard of Manor to be fenced at the general Expence, §42. Saving Rights of Lord of the Manor, §69.]

Cap. 10.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Unstone in the Parish of Dronfield in the County of Derby.

[4th June 1839.]

[.Allotment to be made for Watering Places, § 23; and to the Lord of the Manor for Right of Soil, § 24; and to the Vicar in lieu of Tithes* § 25; }and for Recreation of the Inhabitants, §26. Saving the Rights of the Lord of the Manor, §42.]

Cap. 11.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ringstead in the County of Northampton.

[4th June 1839.]

[Powers of 41 G. 3. c. 109. and 1 2 G. 4. c. 23. {except as altered)

extended to this Act ', 6 1. Allotments to be made to Lords of Manors for Right of Soil, § 3 9; and for the Recreation of the Inhabitants, §40.]

Cap. 12.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Barton in the County of Cambridge.

[14th June 1839.]

[Powers of 41 G. 3. c. 109. and 1 fy 2 G. 4. c. 23. {except as altered) extended to this Act, [§ 1. Allotment to be made for Materials for Roads, § 43; and to Lords of Manors for Right of Soil, § 44; and to the Impropriator and Vicar in lieu of Glebe and Common Rights, §45. Vicar, with Consent of Bishop and

Patron, may lease his Allotment for Twenty-one Years, to commence within Twelve Calendar Months after the passing of the Act, §46. Allotment to be made for Recreation of the Inhabitants, §47. Vicars Allotments to befenced at the general Expence, §53.]

Cap. 13.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Borough or Township of Clun in the Parish of Clun in the County of Salop.

[14th June 1839.]

[Powers of 41 G. 3. c. 109. and 1 # 2 G. 4. c. 23. {except as altered) extended to this Act, §1. Allotment to be made for Watering Places, § 37; and for Materials for Roads, § 38; and for Recreation of the Inhabitants, § 3 9; and for Fuel for the Poor, § 40; and for the Lord of the Honour or Lordship, §49. Rector* s and Vicars Allotments {if any) to be fenced at the general Expence, §55. Rector or Vicar may, with Consent of Bishop and Patron, lease his Allotments for Twenty-one Years, to commence within Twelve Calendar Months after the passing of the Act, §57.]

Cap. 14.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Comberton in the County of Cambridge.

[14th June 1839.]

[Powers of 41 G. 3. c. 109. and 1 fy 2 G*. 4. c. 23. {except as altered) extended to this Act, §1. Allotment to be made for Materials for

A.D. 1839. 2° & 3° VICTORIA. Pr. C. 14 — 20.

591

Roads, § 42; and to Lords of Manors for Right of Soil, § 43; and to the Impropriator and Vicar in lieu of Glebe and Common Rights, § 44; and to the Vicar in Reduction of a certain Rent-charge, §45. Vicar mag, with Consent of Bishop and Patron, lease his Allotment for Twenty-one Years, to commence within Twelve Calendar Months next after passing of Act, §46. Allotment to be made for Recreation of the Inhabitants, §47. Vicars Allotment to be fenced at the general Expence, §53.]

Cap. 15.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hampton in the County of Cambridge.

[14th June 1839.]

[Powers of 41 G. 3. c. 109. and 1 fy 2 G. 4. c. 23. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1. Allotment to be made for a Clay Pit, § 3 9; and to the Lady of the Manor for Right of Soil, § 40; and to the Impropriator in lieu of Glebe and Common Rights, § 41; and for Recreation of the Inhabitants, §42.]

Cap. 16.

An Act to enable Jane Mills to grant Building and Repairing Leases of Estates in the Parish of Aston-juxta-Birmingham in the County of Warwick devised by the Will of the late Wrio-thesley Digby Esquire; and also to alter and amend the Power of leasing contained in the Marriage Settlement of Charles Wriothesley Digby Esquire.

[14th June 1839.]

Cap. 17.

An Act to enable the Trustees of the Estates devised by William Hvlme Esquire to appropriate certain Parts of the accumulated Fund: arising from the said Estates towards the Endowment of Benefices, the building of Churches, and for other Purposes.

[14th June 1839.]

Cap. 18.

An Act for vesting certain Hereditaments situate in the Parish of Drypool within the Borough of Kingston-upon-Hull and in the Parish of Sutton in the East Riding of the County of York respectively, late the Property of Robert Raikes Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, upon Trust to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses.

[14th June 1839.]

Cap. 19.

An Act for giving Effect to certain Powers as to Parts of the Settled Estates of the Most Noble Richard Plantagenet Duke of Buckingham and Chandos.

[1st July 1839.]

Cap. 20.

An Act to enable the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens] of the City of London to let and sell Parcels of Ground in Saint George's Fields near Bethlem Hospital to the Governors of the said Hospital.

[1st July 1839.]

592

Pr.C. 21 — 28.

2° & 3° VICTORIA.

A.D. 1839.

Cap. 21.

An Act for enabling the Keepers and Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods of the Free Grammar School of John Lyon within the Town of Harrow on the Hill in the County of Middlesex to grant improving Leases of their Estates at Harrow and Barnet, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[1st July 1839.]

Cap. 22.

An Act for explaining and amending an Act made and passed in the Fifty-ninth Year of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for vesting the Manor of Oram, and certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the County of Sussex, Part of the Settled Estates by the Will of Samuel Blunt Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for vesting the Money arising from such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

[1st July 1839.]

Cap. 23.

An Act for vesting certain Parts of the devised Estates of Hannah Gilpin Sharp Widow, deceased, in Trustees, in Trust to be sold or demised, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

[1st July 1839.]

Cap. 24.

An Act for vesting certain Parts of the Entailed Estate of Lady-kirk in Trustees to be sold, for Payment of the Debts affecting the same, and for other Purposes therewith connected.

[1st July 1839.]

Cap. 25.

An Act for authorizing the granting of Leases of Part of the Estates in the County of Kent devised by the Will of the Right Honourable Edward Earl of Damley deceased.

[1st July 1839.]

Cap. 26.

An Act to authorize the granting of Mining and Building Leases and Conveyances of Parts of the Estates devised by the Will of James Alexander Hodson Esquire, deceased, subject to the Trusts of such Will.

[1st July 1839.]

Cap. 27.

An Act to enable the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London to sell Building Ground in Saint Georges Fields.

[1st July 1839.]

Cap. 28.

An Act for inclosing certain Lands called the West Croft and Burton Leys, in the Parish of Saint Mary in the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham.

[1st July 1839.]

[Allotments to be made to the Vicar for Tithes, § 35; and for Rights of Common in West Croft, Free Leys, and Burton Leys, § 36; and to the Corporation, §40. Powers of 41 G. 3. c. 109. and 1 Sf 2 G. 4. c. 23. (except as altered) extended to this Act, $51.]

A.D. 1839.

?° & 3° VICTORIA. Pr. C. 29 — 35.

593

Cap. 29.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of West Beckham and Alby in the County of Norfolk.

[1st July 1839.]

[Allotment to be made for Right of Sheep-walk in West Beckham, § 38; and to Lords or Ladies of Manors for Right of Soil, f 3 9; and for Materials for Roads, § 4*0; and for Recreation of the Inhabitants, §41. Rectors Allotments to be fenced at the general Expence, §47. Rector, with Consent of Bishop and Patron, may lease his Allotment for Twenty-one Years, to commence within Twelve Calendar Months after passing of Act, §48.]

Cap. 30.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Almsworthy in the Parish of Exford in the County of Somerset.

[1st July 1839.] [Allotments to be made for Rights of Soil, § 36; and for Recreation of the Population, §37. Saving of Manorial Rights, §56.]

Cap. 31.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Hartishead otherwise Hartshead in the Parish of Dewsbury in the West Riding of the County of York.

[1st July 1839.]

[Allotment to be made for the Recreation of the neighbouring Population, § 30; and to the Lord of the Manor for Right of Soil, § 31; and for Materials for Roads, § 32; and for Watering Places, §34.]

Cap. 32.

An Act for inclosing, allotting, and improving certain Open Fields in the Parish of Saint Mary in the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham.

[1st July 1839.]

[Allotments to be made for Tithes of Hay, § 34; and to Freemen of the Town and others for Common of Pasturage, §35. Powers of 41 G. 3. c. 109. and 1 2 G. 4. c. 23* (except as alteredf) extended to this Act, §55.]

Cap. 33.

An Act for altering and amending certain Acts relating to the Churches of Saint Mark, Saint Luke, and Saint Michael in the Borough of Liverpool.

[4th July 1839.]

Cap. 34.

An Act for vesting the Estate called the Combe Bank Estate, late belonging to the Right Honourable Arthur Lord Templemore, deceased, in Trustees to sell the same, and to invest the Produce of such Sale for the Benefit of his infant Sons.

[4th July 1839.]

Cap. 35.

An Act to authorize the Sale of certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the Counties of Kent and Northampton, formerly belonging to William Marshall of Cliffords Inn in the City of London, Gentleman, deceased; and for other Purposes incidental thereto^ [19th July 1839.]

2 & 3 Vict.

Pr. C. 36 — 42.

A.D. 1839.

694

2° & 3° VICTORIAE.

Cap. 36.

An Act to enable Rtmdolph Earl of Galloway, or the Heir in Possession of the Entailed Estates of Garliesy Baldoon, Newton Stewart, and others, in the County of Wigton and Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, to reclaim certain sleechy Ground on the Shores of the said Estates, and to drain and improve the Moss of Cree9 Part thereof; and to burden the said Estates partially, and the reclaimed and improved Land, with the Expence; and also to burden the said Estates with certain Expences incurred by the said Earl in improving the same.

[19th July 1839.]

Cap. 37.

An Act for vesting Parts of the Estates of Sir John Davie Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, upon Trust to be sold; and for laying out the Purchase Money, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

[19th July 1839.]

Cap. 38.

An Act for effecting an Exchange of Mines and Lands between Sir Benjamin Hall Baronet and others, and Capel Hanbury Leigh Esquire and others.

[19th July 1839.]

Cap. 39.

An Act to authorize Conveyances in Fee Farm, or Demises for long Terms of Years under reserved Rents, of certain Parts of the Settled Estates of the Right Honourable George Harry Earl of Stamford and Warrington.

[19th July 1839.]

Cap. 40.

An Act to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Reading in the County of Berks to sell certain Real Estate discharged from certain Liabilities, and to invest the Purchase Monies arising from such Sales in the Purchase of other Real Estate, to be charged with such Liabilities.

[19th July 1839.]

Cap. 41.

An Act for exchanging Freehold and Copyhold Estates belonging to John Motteux Esquire, in West Rudham and East Rudham in the County of Norfolk, for Freehold, Copyhold, and Leasehold Estates in Darsingham in the same County, settled under the Will of Horatio Earl of Orford deceased.

[29th July 1839.]

Cap. 42.

An Act for authorizing the Sale of the Real Estate devised by the Will of Henry Boulton Esquire, deceased, and for the Application of the Monies to arise thereby.

[29th July 1839.]

A.D. 1839. 2° & 3° VICTORIA. Pr, C. 43 — 46. 595

Cap. 43.

An Act for vesting the undivided Sixth Share of Ann Campbell Bligh Spinster, a Lunatic, as One of the Six Daughters and Co-heiresses of William Bligh Esquire, deceased, in certain Lands and Hereditaments in New South Wales of which the saki William Bligh died seised, in Trustees, in whom the other Five undivided Sixth Shares are now vested, upon Trust for Sale.

[29th July 1839.]

Cap. 44.

An Act for enabling the Trustees of the Will of the Reverend John Templer Clerk, deceased, to exchange certain of the Real Estates thereby devised, situate in the County of Devon, for certain other Estates situate in the same County.

[29th July 1839.]

Cap. 45.

An Act to enable William Russell Esquire to grant Leases of Coal , Mines under the Lands within the Manor or Lordship of Brancepeth and other Lands in the County of Durham., devised by or subject to the Uses and Trusts of the Will and Codicil of William Russell Esquire, deceased, and the Will and Codicil of Matthew Russell Esquire, deceased.

[17th August 1839.]

Cap. 46.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parishes of Rathheale and Croagh in the County of Limerick.

[17th August 1839.]

£6 G, 4. c. 99. and 41 G. 3. c. 109. recited, and Powers of latter Act (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1. Allotment to be made to the Lord of the Manor for Rights of Soil, § 30; and for the Recreation of the Inhabitants, §33. Saving the Mights of Lords of the Manor, §54.]

[Index removed.]

